===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-11 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to Morgan Stanley's First Quarter 2025 Earnings call. On behalf of Morgan Stanley, I will begin the call with the following information and disclaimers. This call is being recorded. During today's presentation, we will refer to our earnings release and financial supplement, copies of which are available at morganstanley.com. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Morgan Stanley does not undertake to update the forward-looking statements in this discussion. Please refer to our notices regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures that appear in the earnings release. This presentation may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent. I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Ted Pick. Good morning. Thank you for joining us.
Ted Pick: The firm delivered a very strong quarter with $7.7 billion in revenue, $2.60 in EPS, and a 23% return on tangible. Wealth added $94 billion of net new assets, bringing the firm total to $7.7 trillion. Equities had a record $4 billion plus quarter which led to strong results across institutional securities. Morgan Stanley delivered returns while supporting clients, buying back stock opportunistically, and building $2 billion of capital. Over the last five quarters, we've grown our equity capital base by about 10%. With a CET1 ratio of 15.3%, our excess capital position and financial strength give us ongoing flexibility and support of clients and shareholders. It is important that we've put up five clean quarters. Our focus on clients combined with discipline around capital, risk, headcount, and investment have generated sequential earnings of $2.21, $1.82, $1.88, $2.22, and now $2.60. This was against a backdrop that was generally favorable but one that hasn't yet seen the tailwind of the long-awaited M&A and IPO capital market cycle. Delivering an average of 20% returns on tangible over the last five quarters is continued affirmation of our financial goals. We've been talking for the last three years about the end of the end of history, which is to say the end of an extended period of political and economic alignment toward globalization. History now resumes. And with that comes an adjustment period where the outlook is necessarily less predictable. The stock, bond, and currency markets are exhibiting the kind of overnight and intraday volatility that reflect rapidly changing probability assessments of different policy outcomes. Economists are telling us the risk of recession has materially increased, but the consensus today is softer, not negative growth. Inflation, meanwhile, continues to swing between declining and sticky. But here too, the forward path of prices along the supply chain to producers and consumers is unclear. The simple truth today is that we do not yet know where trade policy will settle. Nor do we know what the actual transmission effects will be on the real economy. As the year progresses, markets will calibrate further clarity on trade policy against the tax and deregulatory pillars of the agenda as the US endeavors to rebalance the fiscal equation and assert the national interest. Given this unpredictability, some clients are deferring strategic activity while others are proceeding. Importantly, core segments of our client universe are continuing to engage. Barring the worst-case risk-off scenario, trade and geopolitical uncertainty will be priced into the markets over time, and the raising, managing, allocating capital—the lifeblood of our business—will continue. As corporates and investors cannot and will not ignore their trade, energy, and technology priorities. In volatile periods, windows to deploy and reallocate capital open and close and open again. It is in such moments that clients most value Morgan Stanley's global reach and depth. Our insights and advice, our capital markets access, and our execution capabilities. The Morgan Stanley of today is in a very good place. It is worth noting that we just delivered a top-line and bottom-line record quarter. While we are rightly focused on near-term uncertainties and disruptions in the markets, our approach is to prudently plan for the longer-term horizon. Our strategy to raise, manage, and allocate capital for clients is crisp, and it is clear. We have an experienced and stable management team. And a deep bench of talent that is focused on that which we can control. We have financial strength, and durability. We have a culture of rigor, humility, and partnership across our integrated firm. With a demonstrated track record of execution, and now five strong quarters in, I am confident that Morgan Stanley will navigate this moment of history's resuming with focus and intensity and that the firm will continue to scale client wallet and drive long-term operating results. And with that, I'll turn it over to Sharon to discuss the quarter in more detail.
Sharon Yeshaya: Thank you. Good morning. The firm produced record revenues of $17.7 billion and EPS of $2.60 with a strong ROTCE of 23%. The results demonstrate the power of advice and supporting clients as the intermediary of capital across products and geographies, particularly during periods of uncertainty. With a long-standing global footprint, we are uniquely positioned to serve clients as they navigate global market events and quickly evolving macro dynamics. The first quarter efficiency ratio was 68%. Strong revenues and a continued focus on creating capacity to invest in longer-term initiatives contributed to results. Improved efficiency comes despite $144 million severance charges, which were related to performance management and the alignment of our business needs. Now to the businesses. Institutional securities delivered a record quarter with revenues of $9 billion, up 28% versus the prior year. The breadth of our capabilities and our geographic reach, particularly in our equity franchise and in Asia, drove exceptional performance. Global activity among financial sponsors increased, supporting a steady recovery in investment banking from trough levels. Market catalysts such as shifting dynamics in AI, uncertainty around global monetary policy, and US trade debates created bouts of volatility during the quarter, leading to high levels of client activity and engagement. Against this backdrop, Morgan Stanley advised and supported clients as they rebalanced risk, consistent with our strengths and our business model. Investment banking revenues were $1.6 billion for the quarter. Strength in fixed income underwriting off advisory revenues of $563 million reflected higher completed deals across regions. Activity during this period was supported by a pickup in financial sponsor engagement and growth in midsized deal announcements. Equity underwriting revenues were $319 million. Equity markets were largely open, but activity was muted as issuers and investors evaluated the evolving landscape, particularly in the Americas. Fixed income underwriting delivered revenues of $677 million. The result was very strong, with non-investment grade loan issuance driving outperformance. Strong investor demand and tight credit spreads supported active issuance, providing opportunities for our business to capture share during the quarter. With tariff announcements and subsequent market volatility, excuse me, while tariff announcements and subsequent market volatility have disrupted near-term deal activity, our pipelines have not meaningfully changed since the beginning of the year and remain robust. Therefore, while the timing of the deal execution remains sensitive to market conditions, there remains demand for strategic advice and capital raising. Turning to equity. Revenues were robust, increasing 45% from the prior year to a record $4.1 billion. The quarter reflects strength across our client franchise. A broad and deep global footprint, prudent risk management, and returns on our multiyear investments across products contributed to results. Globally, we helped clients remain agile amidst shifting market themes. Prime brokerage continued to report strong results. Clients remain engaged and invested. Our cash benefit business benefited from volumes increasing across regions. Derivative revenues were meaningfully up versus the prior year. The result reflects higher client activity amid a more volatile trading environment. Fixed income revenues were $2.6 billion, improving versus the prior year. An increase in flow trading activity offset fewer opportunities. Macro revenues increased versus the prior year. The business navigated higher market volatility well, particularly in foreign exchange where client activity increased across product relative to last year. Micro revenue declined slightly, as tighter credit spreads limited secondary market opportunities versus the comparative period. This was partially offset by higher loan balances and an increase in securitization activity. Other revenues increased to $692 million, primarily driven by realized gains on the sale of corporate loans held for sale. Turning to ISG lending and provisions. In the quarter, ISG provisions were $91 million. This reflected portfolio growth alongside a more cautious outlook in response to the volatile macro backdrop in the first quarter. Net charge-offs were approximately $23 million, primarily related to commercial real estate loans in the office sector, which were largely already provisioned for. Turning to wealth. The business delivered very strong results in the quarter across metrics. Revenues of $7.3 billion, reported margin of 27%, $94 billion in net new assets, and consistently strong fee-based flows of $30 billion. Retail clients remain engaged. Strong transactional activity increased unsolicited trading and ongoing migration into fee-based accounts to demonstrate client participation and the demand for advice amid heightened volatility. Client asset levels across the franchise remained strong at $6 trillion of assets. Fee-based assets were largely unchanged compared to the end of the year, at $2.3 trillion, highlighting the diversified nature of the adviser-led fee-based account flows. Pretax profits were $2 billion, and the reported PBT margin was 26.6%. The margin was negatively impacted by 174 basis points related to DCP and severance-related costs. Net new assets for the quarter were strong at $94 billion, representing a 6% annualized growth rate of beginning period assets. The result was supported by broad-based strength across channels, inclusive of elevated flows related to adviser-led clients, stock plan vesting events, positive recruiting trends, and self-directed clients. Asset management revenues were $4.4 billion, up 15% year over year, reflecting higher market levels and the cumulative impact of positive fee-based flows. Fee-based flows remained strong at $30 billion. Two dynamics continue to play through our results. First, fee-based flows in the quarter were again supported by assets migrating from adviser-led brokerage accounts to fee-based accounts. Second, assets migrating to the adviser-led channel that originated from the workplace channel. As these relationships grow, with an incremental $20 billion this quarter, adding to the roughly $300 billion accumulated from workplace since we expanded our channel in 2020. Transactional revenues were $873 million, and excluding the impact of DCP, were up 13% versus the prior year. The first quarter's results were supported by higher levels of client activity evidenced by strong daily average trades that have continued to rise despite recent uncertainty. Bank lending balances increased $3 billion quarter over quarter to $163 billion, driven by balanced demand across products. During the quarter, we saw a pickup in securities-based lending balances likely to satisfy upcoming tax obligations. Total deposits of $375 billion were up quarter over quarter as demand for our savings offering was partially offset by the modest decline in sweep balances. Within sweeps, we saw clients consistently deploy cash into markets during each month of the first quarter. Overall deposit movements in the quarter were generally in line with seasonality and our expectations. Net interest income was up modestly quarter over quarter to $1.9 billion. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we expect the seasonal decline in sweeps related to tax payments, which would result in a modest decline in NII. However, over the course of the recent two weeks, we have seen a notable increase in sweep balances, exceeding our internal forecast. While this is likely associated with recent market uncertainty, it could have offsetting impacts to the NII in the second quarter should this continue. For the second quarter, deposit mix will remain the key driver of NII. Our wealth franchise sets the industry standard where both clients and advisors recognize the power of our platform. Clients continue to entrust us with more of their assets, reinforcing the value they placed on advice. Adviser recruitment remains strong, reflecting our reputation as an exceptional place where financial advisors can grow their businesses. Looking towards the year ahead, uncertainty has increased the value of advice and our diversified capabilities. We are confident that our business will deliver durable results throughout various market environments. Moving to investment management, reported revenues were $1.6 billion, increasing 6%. Results reflected higher asset management and related fees, driven by higher average AUM. Total AUM ended at $1.6 trillion. Long-term net inflows were $5.4 billion in the quarter. The inflows were driven primarily by Parametric and fixed income and were supported by our efforts to expand distribution of these products. Within alternatives and solutions, Parametric continues to grow as demand for customized direct indexing and tax advantage solutions remains a key source of retail client engagement. Liquidity and overlay services had outflows of $19 billion. These outflows were consistent with seasonal trends but were more moderate than we had previously expected. Performance-based income and other revenues were $151 million, supported by gains in several infrastructure investments. Turning to the balance sheet. Total spot assets were $1.3 trillion. During the period, we accreted $1.9 billion of common equity Tier 1 capital and continue to deliver out to our commitment to return capital to our shareholders, buying back $1 billion of common stock during the quarter. Standardized RWAs increased quarter over quarter, consistent with seasonal trends and active support of our clients. We ended the quarter with a standardized CET1 ratio of 15.3%, underscoring our strong capital position. Our first quarter tax rate was 21%. The lower rate was supported by share-based award conversions, which largely take place in the first quarter. This quarter's results underscore the strong and consistent performance we strive to deliver in active markets. As a trusted adviser to our broad global client base, we continue to benefit from the strength of our integrated firm. Our client-driven model, combined with strong capital and liquidity, positions us to support clients as they navigate the uncertain landscape. And with that, I will open the line up for questions.
Operator: We are now ready to take in questions. You're allowed to ask one question and one follow-up and then we'll move to the next person in the queue. Please standby while we compile the Q&A roster. We'll take our first question from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.
Steven Chubak: Hi. Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. Morning, Steve. Good morning. So, Ted, I wanted to start off with one on the equities trading outlook. Just given your experience overseeing the business, you know, the recent strength has been pretty extraordinary, and the updates from you and peers suggest trading's actually been pretty orderly amid the recent volatility. Something you could just speak to the factors that might support continued durability of the recent strength and some of the variables you're monitoring that could potentially derail some of the recent momentum as well. Steve, love your question. Great quarter. Client activity across the nine boxes. All three products, all three regions, everything clicked. We've made the investments in clients in technology, across Hitech and electronic cash. Across Prime Brokerage and in both the flow and derivative products, and across each major region. Those are the nine boxes. The cash business, as you know, the prime brokerage business, and the derivatives business in each of the three regions, and they all clicked. I feel really good about the business, and it's leadership under Al Thomas in Gokulahari. They've done a hell of a job. It is fundamentally activity-based. The bare case would be weaker economy, weaker sentiment, i.e., the animal spirits going to hibernation, that would be constant with lower prices. Negative manager performance, and that brings lower transaction levels, lower leverage levels, lower new issue activity. But that's not where we are. Markets are off, but clients remain much engaged. High volumes in every region, We have big market share in Asia, as you know. High two-way market views. As we're living through over the last number of days. And new issue market that may pause, but it's still on pipeline. So the upshot is that $4 billion is a very big number, but the run rate has been higher than what we've seen a couple years ago. And it makes sense as we continue to consolidate share, we're clearly continuing to take share with the right technology, the right mix of client business, the right focus on returns around the world. So it's a winner, and insofar as we don't go risk off, it'll continue to be a winner. And I'm super proud of the team. No. Thanks for that perspective, Ted. And maybe for my follow-up for Sharon, just on the NNA outlook. So the flows were certainly more durable than we and others had anticipated. The market deterioration admittedly was a bit more back-end loaded, and it has accelerated into April. So I was hoping you could speak to the durability of the NNA strength just given some of the negative marks we've seen in both fixed income and equities. And you noted cash has been much more resilient in April. Was hoping you could also speak to what you're seeing across lending and margin, particularly margin, which is more equity or beta sensitive.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. So let me start first by the NNA because I think the story there is actually really encouraging when you look under the hood. As you know, we have three channels. We have workplace, we have self-directed, and we have adviser-led. Last year, if you compare it a year ago, and I know you know, it was a strong first quarter last year, but we talked about individualized flows. In the first quarter of last year. We didn't discuss that here because it was much more broad-based. We had a year-over-year growth in each of those three segments. So stock plan was an increase. On the self-directed side, we have been investing, and you can see it even in our expense numbers, on our marketing and our investment in our self-directed platform. There has been an increase in the assets that we're seeing in that. And on the adviser-led side, it's multiple clients and multiple different sections that you're actually seeing those flows come in. And we're also seeing flows from the recruiting side. So all of that in my mind is quite encouraging that we're seeing the benefits of the. So as it relates specifically to the cash and the stock that you'd mentioned in terms of the SBLs, I was encouraged by the SBL lending lines that we saw and the growth over the course of the first quarter. If you look back over the course of the last two years or so, there's been more muted growth, especially going into tax. Historically, we have seen individuals using their BDP specifically for paying those taxes or money market cash. The fact that we've seen an increase in SBL, which I mentioned in my prepared remarks ahead of tax season, I think is encouraging, that we have reached at least from a transactional lever, what could be an equilibrium. And in periods of, say, a risk-off, etcetera, you might actually begin to see increases in those balances, which I noticed that we had seen higher than expected levels over the course of these last two weeks.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Christian Bolu with Autonomous Research. Good morning, Christian. Christian, your line is now open.
Christian Bolu: Oops. Sorry about that. I was on mute. Can you hear me okay now?
Ted Pick: Yep. We got you. We weren't at all offended. We were just wondering how big the question is gonna be, man. Yeah. I was talking to myself for a while there. Sorry. Yeah. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know what that's like. To follow-up on Steven's question around maybe what broadly you're trading, just exceptional results here. Clearly, the market's very volatile. And that volatility has stepped up in April. So maybe talk about how you're managing risk. And then are you taking down exposures, or are you still playing offense? And any sort of color on prime brokerage balances in April, what you're seeing from hedge fund clients.
Ted Pick: Well, broadly, the first quarter flows into the second quarter. There is a lot of client interaction and the animal spirits are still there insofar as folks are trying to not get caught off-site. So there's natural volatility that we're seeing as I mentioned in the opening remarks. In every space and within equity. So the basic market-making function which is the bread and butter of the cash business both voice and electronic continues to be very strong. You're speaking to the prime brokerage business, there, we continue to be a leader. And sure if clients begin to go negative, or they need to delever, well, by definition, lower balances are the result which results over time in lower P&L. You know, much of the client base, Christian, as you know, most folks are closer to the zero barrier than they are a number that is well off of that. So they have a lot to play for. And given the swings and given intellectual capital, that exists with the asset management community, they're gonna look to continue to engage. There's plenty of stock dispersion, that manifests itself in the derivatives markets as you know. Lots of ways to play across asset macro. That brings together our equities and fixed income folks to put together structured product. So there's lots of reasons to think that the equities business and the markets business generally will continue to be active. The question over time will be, at what point does the uncertainty result in a knockout of the new issue business and volumes will slow on the back of just a continued sense of uncertainty and you see then gap year markets and lower volumes, but we're not seeing that. There is plenty of market-making going on. You know, the first quarter, of course, is typically a seasonal winner. Across the street because clients need to initially allocate. But they continue to allocate. So I'm feeling good about that. Broadly. And I think our own experience has been one where things have been orderly. We've been working with clients nonstop and for all of the concerns about what could come down the road in the real economy. The market-making and the ability to transact to clients as they up and down their leverage levels has been very orderly. So you know, engagement is key here and engagement continues.
Christian Bolu: Very helpful. Maybe a question on Asia, and kudos to some team for, you know, did a good job on building out strength across regions, particularly in Asia. I'm guessing a lot of that is Japan and the MUFG partnership. But bigger picture, if we are deglobalizing and there is a decoupling of US from Asia broadly, how do you think about the prospects of your international business?
Ted Pick: Bullish. The power of a global business is to I hate the cliche, sort of an HBR cliche here, but, you know, think global, act local. And I think that has application in our Asia business broadly. Across the investment management wealth high net worth wealth businesses. Which have had a great run here in Hong Kong. But then importantly, the institutional securities business, which is actually about 15% of our firm revenues this past quarter. It was up 35% year over year. So real strength. We have something special, Christian. With our friends and partners in Tokyo. We will have our next board meeting in Tokyo, in fact. A business summit with the leadership in Japan. So we intend on continuing to expand that extraordinary partnership with MUFG. That is a multi-decade play, we hope. Both in the institutional context and in the wealth context. We have a significant business in India. That is a place where we have better part of 12,000 people. We will continue to build our capability both as an infrastructure matter, but also as a securities matter. And then Greater China we have 2,500 people out of Hong Kong out of the 17,500 people we have in Asia. So taking a step back, we have 80,000 people at the firm. 17,500 of them are in Asia. So this is existential to what we do. And 2,500 of those people are in Hong Kong. We're not a big corporate lender onshore. In China, but we interact via Hong Kong actively. And we continue to be a leader both in the investment banking business and in the markets business. In recent quarters, clearly, in equities. Where clients wanna get access to the mainland and to that second-largest economy and stock market and liquidity center in the world. And we continue to be a point of market access and interaction. We pay attention to it, Christian, as you can imagine, actively but day and night, because things are constantly moving around, but we're feeling really good about our continued engagement, with the client base. Locally based, but also on a global basis. And I think you when we look back, at this period, ten, fifteen years from now, when you and I are having this chat, we will see a Morgan Stanley that indeed has a significant international business that could spend five minutes talking about our business in Europe. I will simply say that we've continued to invest both in the UK and on the continent. We are a determined player to be part of the next global order. Both in the wealth and investment management business, but really in the global institutional securities business. You know, Christian, one of the realities of financial repression was that the cost of running a global investment bank was pretty tough to make the return on capital nut. Very tough. So to have gotten here now with the kind of bankers and markets folks and infrastructure through all of the panoply of regulations throughout Europe and internationally to get to this point now where we can slowly take share to durably take share, you saw that we put into the firm-wide goals to durably increase share across the investment bank. That is not a quarter or even year phenomenon. That is a multiyear phenomenon where we think that there will be of course, national champions, but there will be several global winners that are able to transact in the businesses where we do real well. Which is trusted adviser on M&A trades, on underwritings, and then importantly, market making. And then flow through to net worth where it exists, principally in the US. So I am really quite bullish on our international business, and we will navigate the we'll navigate the next number of months and quarters with care. But the determination is a long-term matter is not only undaunted, but we will push forward.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hey. Good morning. I guess maybe Ted, so maybe it's just me, but you sound fairly constructive given what we've come through over the last month, your comments on both on the trading side and how clients have behaved and what we've seen in wealth. It doesn't seem to be the case that we've seen a marked deterioration in the last week or the last couple of weeks. Relative to super strength earlier in the quarter. Is that fair assessment? I don't wanna put words in your mouth, but it goes to the fact that if that's the case, the business is a lot more resilient than investors probably give credit for. So just want to make sure we are thinking about in the right way. You mentioned things about, like, if folks going to hibernation, etcetera, I'm surprised that they haven't already. So just wanna make sure so far, given all what we've seen in the market, you've not really felt any negative adverse impacts or trading over on the wealth side?
Ted Pick: Well, fundamentally, the banking pipeline hasn't changed. Sure. Some clients are naturally going to pause. They've hit the pause button. And others are a go. And there is as you know, you spend time looking at sponsor and corporate activity. There are financial sponsors buying and selling as we speak. Honeywell, Warwick Pincus, you know, buyer. Clear Lake, Dun and Bradstreet. So are sponsors buying and selling assets. So they will continue to play as will corporates it's just going to have to be against the reality of this uncertainty. If the uncertainty can be navigated and priced into the market, there is progress. On these complicated issues. Then folks, I imagine, will respond to that and factor it in as part of their execution risk formula. Now, clearly, if we go risk off, which is to say things really become so unpredictable you don't know where a stock price is going to be within ten or twenty percent, or you don't know where FX cross is gonna be within five or ten percent. And so on with interest rates. Well, I mean, by definition then, activity will stop. Mean, that is just the definition of risk off as you know. But insofar as there is still we are early here. And we're talking about the rearchitecting of industrial policy in the context of America's place in the world, and where it wants to be decades from now. That is weighty stuff but it may well be that that takes some time for some of the bilateral negotiations. But in other contexts, actually, some deals are put on the table. In which case people are going to want to move forward. Because it is our view that the underwriting and M&A pipeline, Streetwide, by the way, not a Morgan Stanley phenomenon. This is the leadership of that product area. Is ready to go. And if windows open, whether those windows are open over a weekend or for a week, or in fact for quarters, or there's a sense that in fact there's relief because we get through this period and we get towards the next two pillars, tax and dreg, I can see clients continuing to move. And we will continue to prosecute business. So that's the long answer. The short answer is in the opening of the quarter, we have not seen a slowdown. Is it bumpier for some clients? Of course, it is. And we have to see how they respond to that over the course of the weeks and months to come. But we are still we'll call it, cautiously optimistic. That we won't go into recession. And we will just keep going.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That's helpful color. Thank you. And maybe, Sharon, for you, there's obviously a lot of discussion around changes to the SLR ratio. Just remind us how impactful could that be for how you manage the balance sheet and just how you manage the business. Is it a needle mover standalone, or how do you think about that? Thank you.
Sharon Yeshaya: Yeah. So I think that it's hard to I wouldn't take SLR only, and I isolation. I will answer your question directly first, but I will give you a little bit of more holistic answer, which is SLR has been, over various quarters, our biasing constraint. And so, certainly, if there's SLR reform, then we will move into a CET1 constrained world, and that provides us with additional opportunities as you think about capital deployment. That being said, it depends on what SLR reform you see. Right? Whether or not it's simply just to allow certain things like treasuries into the denominator, how you think about that, or whether there's a more wholesale understanding that SLR should not be it should certainly be just a backstop and not a binding constraint for an institution. What we feel is probably more important than SLR specifically is just to look at the entire capital regime. So when you think about the interplay between GSIB, between SLR, and between the various CET1 metrics, that is the type of reform one should look at because they actually don't play necessarily that well together. Given that there have been incremental changes simply to one metric versus the other. So from our perspective, one should be looking at everything holistically. But, yes, obviously, we do welcome regulatory reform. And we welcome reform to the SLR ratio.
Ted Pick: SLR becomes part of the mechanism potentially for some of the relief here. Broadly. It may or may not happen, but to Sharon's point, I think what we are interested in here and as an industry is SLR reform in the context of the panoply of regulation that we have sort of endured whether it's GSIB or CCAR LCR, Basel III, Endgame, the entire panoply of acronyms, the SLR reform might be part of the cocktail in the short term, but really we would look for reform broadly and we're much prepared for that. And, again, Ebrahim, just to sort of put an emphasis on this, we can't make a call on where the markets are gonna be a week from now. I mean, that would be absurd for us to know that. So in a sense, there is increased uncertainty. So any strategic transaction is, by definition, gonna get a harder look. What I'm trying to underscore here though is that largely what we're seeing is some folks still going, but the others pausing. They're not deleting. They're pausing. So, yes, that could result in some of the IPO stack moving out a quarter too. It could be that some M&A activity moves out a stack or two. But this is not a question of people rethinking their priorities around technology, energy, competitive dynamics within their industry. So is why we continue to push forward on this theme that we are going to be in an investment banking cycle. And the fact that the markets business continues to be as active as it is, is a pretty good balance against that within ISG.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: Good morning, Dan. Good morning. Question on just the adviser business. In the market backdrop like this, with the last few weeks in terms of volatility, what does that mean for recruitment and retention trends? And also, does that change the appetite for fee-based flows as you think about going forward and your goals around increasing that metric?
Ted Pick: Well, people are coming toward the platform. Jed Fin and Vince Loomia's lights are blinking, as in their phone lights, nonstop. Folks wanna come on to this platform. And that is in part because the funnel works. We're investing in E Trade. The self-directed channel is very busy. Sharon at length, has talked about, as Avaya, workplace product where we add another $20 billion. You see the progress in fee-based flows. But ultimately, when you get to the top of the funnel, it is about the financial adviser. And the financial adviser is seeing the integrated firm for what it is, which we can offer unique access to intellectual capital, world-class technology, compensation that is viewed to be fair and motivating. And the entire thing works. And so what's happening is we are selective about it. But it is fair to say that Jed and Vince are getting a lot of inbound inquiry and we would expect that to continue.
Dan Fannon: Great. And then just as a follow-up, sticking with wealth, you know, the opportunity for alternatives in the wealth channel is clearly a focus for the large alternative managers. Can you talk about your own proprietary alternative products that you might be able to sell within this channel? Or is that something you could think about inorganically wanting to get bigger in terms of your own proprietary products?
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. So I'd note for the wealth management platform, we have over $100 billion of private alternatives. It's about if you take that into perspective in terms of what the qualified assets are, we have about 5% of the qualified assets in our system. Are in those private alternatives. Now that compares to your point where our GIC, where our we have, you know, our global investment committee, the recommendation is closer to 15% for those qualified investors. So there certainly is opportunity there. We're working on products from our perspective as well as obviously others are doing it, but we are looking also at places to help fill these gaps and to help you provide a more offering. So it's certainly a focus. It's something that you'll see come through. And we think that there's great opportunity there for us and more broadly just for those alternatives across the platform to go to our retail client base.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Glenn Schorr with Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: Morning, Glenn. Good morning. So we've all applauded all the great trading, which is actually awesome. I'm very curious when you guys are going through the pretty draconian stress tests. The stress test will always spit out pretty bad answers for what any big investment bank does on the trading side. You're doing literally the opposite of that right now. So I'm curious when you look at the composition of those tests, and then you look at the reality of how you perform. And I know it's not, like, every day, and you can't predict the future, but, like, I'm curious on what's different about the setup, how you might suggest tweaking it. Because I know every June when we go through the results, they're way different than reality.
Sharon Yeshaya: So in terms of the underlying stress test you're obviously going to pick different portions of what that environment would be. What we do versus what the Fed does for our own individual stress test will be different. We will test ourselves on where we think that we would have the most vulnerabilities. I think that the challenges that when you look at the underlying tests is really the uncertainty and the build on build of both previous years, and the fact that you're you if you think about the way and we've said this publicly. If you think about the way that these test results come out, is you're giving something more along the line of in June and you're moving forward to having to execute them in October. There's also very limited amounts where when you think about the test from an industry perspective that looks at each of how the individual companies do. So it's a blanket exam rather than when we look at our own stress test, it's modeled towards our businesses and things that necessarily make sense. For us and what our clients do and what we see. So I think that, the Fed has obviously said that they're interested in providing us with those models. It's challenging for me to say, how would I change their models without seeing their models, but what we I think as an industry we agree on is that the models themselves are done from a very holistic perspective. And something as simple as the way that expenses are allocated. Right? It's not just I wouldn't look at it just from the perspective of, okay, what you're doing differently from a trading perspective, Glenn, but it's really about the architecture of both the sense of what you think of the GMS stress and then how you think of it over nine quarters afterwards. So there's many layers to your question where I think yes, in a period of stress, you can have different environments. But there's a blanket envelope that the Fed is giving us that I think needs to be really looked at more in more detail and more rigor and what's actually done from an industry perspective or an underlying company perspective.
Ted Pick: But you're right, Glenn. We've gained share while still observing everything Sharon just described and buffers on top of that. So it's a lot of work for folks on the ground. Because, of course, part of the Morgan Stanley durability story is one where we have excess capital, financial strength, and liquidity. So that has been the headline in both face letters. And folks in every business are well aware of that. And the risk-adjusted capital that needs to be applied across businesses and across clients. And, nonetheless, folks have gained share. So for me, and for Sharon, for the team, is important here is this idea of durably gaining shares given the high cost of running these businesses. You should be able to achieve operating leverage when the environments are strong. And when the environments are choppier that you at least can make your cost of capital. That should be the bid ask. And that is the way we're continuing to think about the markets business and now doing so with excess capital you know, by any measure.
Glenn Schorr: Thank you for all that. I have a much more answerable question for a follow-up. And it relates to just being in general, like, what did you take the reserve on? I know it's small. Is that as of three thirty-one is that as of kinda now? And then what did you sell for the besides gain in other revenue? Just curious on those moving parts.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. Just from a from the provisions perspective, it's as of three thirty-one where, basically, for us, when you're looking at the metric the quantitative metric, most important from us from a CECL perspective is GDP. We do disclose that. At the end of the fourth quarter, we had GDP of 1.9, was the expectation for the end of 2025, and that moved down to 1.5. So that's included in terms of what we've taken. Obviously, should there be changes, there will be changes as you move forward from a provisions perspective in the second quarter. You then asked about other and how you think about the movement in those health for sale names. Obviously, we do have a number of names. We run a portfolio business. And we were focused very much on velocity. We've talked a lot about window-driven environments. We had a window-driven environment in periods of the first quarter. We were able to move and take advantage of things for syndication. And what we did is we basically cleared a lot of our chunkier positions, and you'll see that flow through that other line. And what that means, of course, is that we all things be equal, we have now capacity in the event book.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, Gerard. Hi, Ken. Quick question. You guys obviously have your fingers on the pulse of the market very well, and there's been some discussions around in the fixed income trading area with treasuries, the so-called bias trade. There's some stresses out there. Are you guys have any sense of where the are there any stresses going on in the market today? And where are you keeping extra attention in case the stresses do pop up?
Ted Pick: Well, there were higher volumes earlier in the week and then and we saw some derisking. That was followed by some strong auctions. You know, as of this morning anyway when we were getting on this call. Markets continue to function and like all markets, we're engaged with clients. But clearly, we're moving from one instrument to another. And we're gonna be keeping an eye on that. But for our own part, respect to engagement with clients, it's been orderly. And, again, the strong auction speaks to that. And, we're gonna keep a close eye out. But for us, it's been orderly and clients have engaged in a way that is not created any sense of something broader, but that will continue to play out. But for us, it's been regular way some derisking, higher volumes, but all things vehicle functioning markets.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And, Sharon, when you obviously talked about the wealth management business in your prepared remarks, and you've got the workplace channel as well as the self-directed and the traditional Morgan Stanley full-service channel. In these markets, that we're in where they're very volatile and choppy, are those three channels, which is the one that you think will do best and which is the one that might slow down in activity?
Sharon Yeshaya: It's a it is a that's a great question. What I can say so far is that based on what we've seen over the course of the last five years, right, it depends on the environment and what you're actually going through. We've seen you know, clearly COVID was different when you think about self-directed. The workplace channel is one where one could say you might see some of a decrease necessarily in granting of stocks. That is what could happen. So if you wanna take kind of that approach of where is the vulnerability, maybe that is one where the actual vesting or the grants of the various stocks might be there. You might not have IPO event. However, on the other side of that, self-directed is one where we see record levels of activities in various days. We've seen increased client engagement in self-directed, and we've also really seen an increase client engagement on the adviser-led side. I highlighted what's known as unsolicited trades. So rather than an adviser necessarily calling an individual, we've seen that those numbers really rise over the course of the first quarter. So that just shows you that there's a lot of engagement on both sides. The volumes from that adviser side over the last two weeks have been up fifty to one hundred percent larger than over the volumes for the last thirty trading days. Remember all the stuff we used to talk about with next best action, etcetera? Where advisers were sending next best actions to their individual retail clients. We've seen many more responses to that than we have historically. Over the course of these last two weeks. What to me that highlights is really the value of the advice and the questions. And then from a self-directed side, the fact that our technology has been able to handle this level of volume without interruption allows a client who is self-directed to come back continue to come back to the platform itself. So that's why I highlight those two channels. Workplace a little bit less in control, so I cannot exactly tell you what a workplace channel would do in terms of granting new stock, etcetera.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Devin Ryan with Citizens JMP.
Devin Ryan: Morning, Devin. Hey. Good morning, Ted. Good morning, Sharon. A question on expenses. It'd be great to just get a bit of background on the recent initiative that drove some of the severance in the quarter. I know not a huge number, but just, you know, what you accomplished there? And then just more broadly thought on opportunities to drive more, you know, efficiency at the firm and different revenue environments and just whether, you know, this current uncertainty will slow any investments or drive any change in kind of the expense growth plans overall?
Ted Pick: We had a reduction of 3% of our headcount XFA's in the first quarter. As you know. That was coming out of a rigorous year-end performance review assessment and process. We have ongoing investments in automation AI, and assessing where we want our people for the next five, ten years. But, clearly, the environment is such that we'll be reviewing the overall workforce regularly as we always do. And when there's some uncertainty, you have to be doing that. But to be clear, we like where we are right now and where talent can fit into the firm. We continue to bring people on board in the places where we intend on growing. So the expense mentality is around rigor and discipline. It is not necessarily about less. It's about the right allocation of human capital in the context of where the world is going.
Devin Ryan: Got it. Thanks, Ted. And then just on the investment banking conversation, you know, great to hear about the pipelines. You know, uncertainty has been a challenge. The other thing, though, the valuations are down a lot. Right? The S&P is down to teens. A lot of these growth stocks are down thirty, forty percent. So I'm just curious for the new issue market or the M&A market to really turn back on, do you think we need to see kind of a V recovery in asset prices because that's where people's expectations are anchored? Or do you think this is just much more about just some stability and people are gonna try to execute on things once we get that? Like, it's not just about valuations bouncing back to where we came from.
Ted Pick: Stability will be more important than valuation. Most of these transactions are of comparative value. And so waiting for stocks to hit all-time highs again, that probably is not the right strategy. It's a question of what your longer-term priorities are with respect to things that matter to you in the C-suite around supply chain, energy, technology, and sizing against the sector. So too with the IPO calendar, there were folks that came right as that window briefly shut. The brief the window ought to reopen. And potentially reopen for periods of time that will allow for a lot of the new parade of companies to come through. So I think it's more a sense of the uncertainty getting sort of getting a barrier and having a sense that it's not totally risk-off versus pure valuation. Which is why I'm saying pause versus delete.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Mike Mayo: Good morning, Mike. Hey, Ted. Pause not delete. That's my key question. You know, you sound more upbeat than, I'd say, the average manager. And I'm just trying to what maybe what you're seeing or what you've seen historically or what gives you a little bit more optimism than some others and on the fourth quarter call, meaning, you said mergers, backlog, the best in seven years, you said the DCM is kind of a domino effect at activity in the CFO level. And sponsors are going to harvest. And the pipelines are still the same you said today. So I guess you could still pay a positive story. Pause not delete. But I think the real question is first of all, if that's accurate, I'm still reflecting your views. But at some point, it's delete. Not pause. And the question is, is that one month two months? If we're if it were the next earnings call, we're still discussing what's gonna happen with tariffs, is it kinda you know, do you have to think about rightsizing? And do we think about maybe this capital markets recovery, especially merger recovery, maybe not happening? At what point does the uncertainty go on for so long as to kill off the recovery?
Ted Pick: That's that is the question. That is the question. The Resin Denture of the deals that are in the pipeline is a strong one. Because folks were interrupted obviously by the years of the pandemic. And the uncertainty around interest rates. And now, of course, there is this, and the question Mike, is you know, what are we talking about with respect to the macro environment? Are we talking about the rearchitecting of industrial policy in the context of America's place today. And where it wants to be decades from now. Is it about getting our fiscal house in order and how that interplays with tax and deregulation to come? So broader context, we're talking about writing our own imbalances, and then redefining what's in America's long-term national interest. Those are weighty issues. Complex I. E. Intricate, complicated, I. E. Unclear, so to your point, it could be that when one thinks about how big that adjustment is, that it will require enough time that the pause effectively becomes a relook and the books get put away. But I think it's still relatively early in how this new framework has been formulated. We are finding, Mike, that we are still very much engaged with clients. Yes. We're asking more questions as they are. We're listening to a wider spectrum of possibilities. And, yes, it's fair to say we're gonna have higher structural volatility for a while. So what is the client strategy? What are the risks and what are their alternatives? What are the tactical options? And when you think about what we deliver, which is trusted advice, access to markets, a global perspective, it is the case that markets can be accessed over weekends, overnight, can be done through semi-public, semi-private markets. There is an entire democratization or financialization of investors, buyers, and sellers that allow for deals to happen in all but markets that have been shut down. So it is the case truly that three, four months from now, if the markets have gotten even more complicated, around these weighty issues that the adjustment period looks like it will be a longer one. That it's more of a delete. Someday kind of thing. But I am of the view that we are still on pause. We don't know whether the economy is going to contract. We don't know what the rate of inflation will be when the transmission effects come through. You saw that today's PPI was in fact a miss on the negative side. So we are staying super close to clients. Corporate, and financial sponsor. And in our markets business and then in our wealth business high levels of interaction activity such that we believe that the pause will be frustrating at times. As it is for all of us, Mike. That deals take longer to print. But in the context of clarity around the other two pillars too, tax and Dreg, it may be that that is enough for our client base especially at the top of the advice pyramid, to say, you know what? I can actually quantify what that higher structural volatility is about whether it's in equity prices or in foreign exchange or in interest rates, and indeed, we will go forward. And the answer to your question and it is an important one for a firm like this, is one that will be will be one that I think we'll have more clarity on midyear. When we see how the economy is reacting to, all of the discussions and issues on the table that I've described.
Mike Mayo: Alright. Thank you for that answer. Thanks, Mike.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you everyone for participating. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-16 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to Morgan Stanley's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Call. On behalf of Morgan Stanley, I will begin the call with the following disclaimer. This call is being recorded. During today's presentation, we will refer to our earnings release, financial supplement, and strategic update, copies of which are available at morganstanley.com. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to our notices regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures that appear in the earnings release and strategic update. Within the strategic update, certain reported information has been adjusted as noted. These adjustments were made to provide a transparent and comparative view of our operating performance. The reconciliations of these non-GAAP adjusted operating performance metrics are included in the notes to the presentation or the earnings release. This presentation may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent. I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Ted Pick.
Ted Pick: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. First, we would like to acknowledge our colleagues, clients, shareholders, friends, and family in Los Angeles. Our hearts go out to all those impacted and dealing with the horrific devastation from the wildfires. We're grateful to all the firefighters and first responders, we are thinking of you. Over the last several years, we've been faced with two central themes. One, the end of financial repression, namely the passing of the era of ultra-low interest rates and the reemergence of inflation. And two, the end of the end of history with the resumption of geopolitical uncertainty. These paradigm shifts juxtaposed against renewed investor and corporate confidence, present opportunities to support clients with exceptional advice and market access. Morgan Stanley is well positioned to execute against these opportunities. The firm's consistent execution is demonstrated by the cadence of top-line and bottom-line in 2024. Revenues across the four quarters of $15.1 billion, $15.0 billion, $15.4 billion, and $16.2 billion, and earnings per share of $2.02, $1.82, $1.88 and $2.22. The fourth quarter was a top-line record with the highest earnings per share in over 15 years, capping-off one of Morgan Stanley's strongest years. For the full year, the firm delivered a return on tangible of 19% and earnings per share of $7.95, making significant progress toward our long-term goals. The results reflect consistent durable earnings across the firm, evidencing that Morgan Stanley can deliver during this period of continued macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty. As we do every January, let's begin with our 2025 strategic update entitled Four Pillars of Morgan Stanley: The Integrated Firm. The slides can be found on our website. On Slide 3, we introduce the four pillars of Morgan Stanley to support our integrated firm, strategy, culture, financial strength, and growth. Strategy is about consistently serving our clients and raising, managing, and allocating capital. Culture is about rigor, humility, and partnership. Financial strength is about strong capital and liquidity alongside durable earnings and growth is about smart strategic investments across the firm, which generate new opportunities to capture client share. The investment thesis for Morgan Stanley rests on our ability to deliver the integrated firm supported by these four pillars. Slide 4. First, to reiterate, Morgan Stanley's clear strategy to raise, manage, and allocate capital for corporations, individuals, asset managers, and asset owners around the world. In the past year, our engagement advice across the full range of institutional and individual clients drove results. Slide 5. Morgan Stanley culture is defined by rigor, humility, and partnership. The leadership group on the operating and management committees have an average tenure at the firm of more than 20 years, many of them across business segments and regions. More broadly, our leadership body of 2,312 Managing Directors, 173 of whom we recently promoted to the partnership have been with Morgan Stanley for an average of 15 years. 30% of our Managing Directors have been at the firm for two decades. Our partnership is defined by Morgan Stanley leaders who embody this homegrown culture, joined by acquisition and lateral talent who bring an incremental skill set to the platform. Morgan Stanley's culture of first-class business in a first-class way forged over many years of trial and success is a competitive advantage and will contribute to the success of the integrated firm. Slide 6 highlights our position of financial strength, the third pillar of the integrated firm, and is the output of a clearly defined strategy and a tightly knit culture. Our consistently strong capital position over recent years is a standout. In 2024, we accreted over $5.5 billion of CET1, while continuing to return capital to our shareholders. We will continue to prudently grow the dividend, continue to invest in each of our three businesses and across our infrastructure, and continue to opportunistically repurchase the stock. In 2024, we effectively deployed capital to support clients and translated that into earnings growth. High capital levels protect us in challenging climates and sustain us for long-term growth. Slide 7 brings us to the fourth pillar of the strategy, revenue and earnings growth. Earnings expansion in 2024 reflects a return on multiyear investment to support clients. We will continue to invest heavily across the firm, in our talent, our clients, in e-trade and in parametric, in our bank, across resiliency in technology and infrastructure, and in the development of the integrated firm. In the past year, expense growth was tempered by our focus on rolling off initial integration spend and taking opportunities to consolidate our real estate footprint. Investments for growth will continue to be supported by ongoing disciplined prioritization of our expense base. Slide 8. The last six years shows step function change in the firm's growth across our businesses. In the Wealth and Investment Management segments, combined revenues have grown from $20 billion to $34 billion and total client assets have nearly tripled to $7.9 trillion. This growth has been achieved both by way of acquisition and through organic execution. You will also note that institutional securities wallet share has grown by nearly a 100 basis points. These results reflect not only constructive markets, but also a sharpened focus on key client relationships and an expanded coverage of corporates and asset managers. Morgan Stanley scale positions us over the long-term to deliver growth in each of our three business segments. We win both through an expanding denominator of global securities, banking, wealth, and investment management activity and by increasing our numerator as in our wallet share in each segment. In short, we seek to gain durable share in the secular growth businesses in which we participate. Slide 9, goes a level deeper into institutional securities. First, the growth in institutional securities has been both broad based and crucially is global. It is important that we are relevant in all the major regions around the world. Amidst geopolitical and interest rate uncertainty, each region grew revenues by roughly 20% in 2024. These results follow multiple years of investment in talent and leadership, as well as efficient and disciplined RWA growth. In 2024, we saw institutional securities deliver an operating margin of 31% and revenue growth that was significantly higher than our RWA growth. We are in a leadership position and can offer trusted advice and market access into the investment banking new issue and M&A cycle, which just lies ahead. Slide 10. In Wealth Management, investments in our self-directed and workplace channels drive our differentiated client acquisition funnel. Today, with our expanded offering, we reach over 19 million relationships and have added net new assets of over $250 billion in each of the past two years on track to delivering $10 trillion plus of total client assets. An important indicator of Wealth Management momentum is fee-based flows, which reached an exceptional $123 billion in 2024. Delivering on new relationships and net new asset growth creates opportunities for our team of world class financial advisors to tap into the integrated firm for their clients. Slide 11 highlights the breadth and tenure of wealth management's client relationships as 60% of advisor-led assets are associated with clients who have an average duration of 20 years. We retain 99% of our clients reflecting their enduring trust in Morgan Stanley. The slide illustrates our multichannel model, which continues to drive new assets to the platform. 30% of our advisor-led assets are associated with clients who have a Morgan Stanley relationship of less than 10 years and 10% of advisor-led assets are with clients of less than two years. The client acquisition funnel supports durable growth, namely as clients mature with our financial advisors, they become the foundation for the continued growth of recurring fee-based revenues. Slide 12. In Investment Management, we continue to focus on the secular growth areas of customization and alternatives. Our industry leading parametric platform, inclusive of overlay has grown to $575 billion. In alternatives, our investable assets have more than doubled in size to $240 billion. Investments in these secular growth areas have brought more balance to our investment management business and supported fee-based revenues. Additionally, the integrated firm, particularly the relationship with wealth management continues to benefit the investment management platform with the enhancement of retail oriented distribution offerings and additional product capabilities. Slide 13. An area of investment is in the incremental growth of our U.S. banks. Since 2018, the firm has significantly grown deposit balances and continues to source deposits from wealth management clients with an expanded product offering. On the asset side, we will continue to grow our wealth management lending capability by covering clients holistically as their financial needs evolve. In addition, we will continue to utilize the bank platform to support growth in eligible institutional businesses. As we continue to grow our capabilities across the integrated firm, we are well-positioned to provide a full suite of solutions to our clients. Slide 14. A dividend that is aligned to the growth of fee-based earnings has been a leading priority. Our durable results demonstrate consistent execution of our strategy, and we have raised our quarterly dividend by $0.075 for three years in a row to $0.925 per share. Slide 15. As you've heard us discuss during the past year, the integrated firm brings together our world class wealth and investment management franchises with our world class institutional securities franchise. We are consistently strengthening the pillars underlying the integrated firm to deliver on our strategic goals. Across the integrated firm, Morgan Stanley is relevant to our clients, spanning from the advice dispensed and corporate boardrooms to our financial wellness programs for that company's employees. We are also the premier holistic partner to asset managers partnering with them to grow their businesses and to generate alpha. We can deliver institutional capabilities to our clients alongside sophisticated wealth management advice and distribution in an integrated service model. And in so doing, be mindful of potential conflicts. To open 2025, we have formalized the integrated firm by positioning leadership talent at the center of client coverage, integrated data, risk management, and infrastructure to drive growth as we serve more clients across their full suite of needs. This effort will be led by Mandell Crawley, a three decade Morgan Stanley executive and a member of our operating committee. Together with Co-Presidents Dan Simkowitz and Andy Saperstein, the integrated firm organization is aligned to scale client opportunities across Morgan Stanley. Slide 16. The Morgan Stanley investment thesis is robust. In 2024, we deliver top-line and bottom-line strength and consistency. The full year results are strong relative to our long-term firmwide goals. We ended 2024 with total client assets at $7.9 trillion, wealth management pre-tax margins of 27%, a firm efficiency ratio of 71%, and a return on tangible of 19%. Of note, we added a new goal to achieve durable wallet share gains in institutional securities. The additional metric for institutional securities is an appropriate reflection of the expected contribution of this business segment to the firm's growth narrative. The key word is durable. There will always be market and business cycles in each of these businesses. Morgan Stanley's trusted relationships over the very long-term lead to superior results. Against the four pillars of strategy, culture, financial strength, and growth, delivering the integrated firm is foundational to durable earnings growth and 20% returns through the cycle. Thank you. Now Sharon, will review our fourth quarter and annual results, then together we will take your questions.
Sharon Yeshaya: Thank you, and good morning. The firm produced revenues of $61.8 billion in 2024 and ended the year with fourth quarter revenues of $16.2 billion. For the full year, ROTCE was 18.8%, and EPS was $7.95. For the fourth quarter, ROTCE was 20.2%, and EPS was $2.22. The full year efficiency ratio was 71.1%. Improved efficiency not only demonstrates our ability to grow revenues, but also to prioritize our controllable spend. Occupancy and equipment costs held flat, benefiting from the prior year's consolidation of our real estate footprint. During 2024, we took real estate charges of $62 million, which impacted full year EPS by $0.03. Professional services declined year-over-year, aided by the roll off of integration related expenses and discipline across project spend. These savings helped self-fund investments across infrastructure to support growth such as expanding data center capacity, renovations, and technology modernization efforts. Self-funding investments remains a priority. In the short run, similarly sized additional modernization efforts focused on decommissioning legacy technologies may result in higher amortization costs. This alongside business enabled innovation and process optimization with AI should support the firm's future efficiency path. Now to the businesses. Institutional securities delivered very strong annual results across business and regions, demonstrating the high quality breadth and depth of our world class global franchise. Full year revenues of $28.1 billion included our highest reported equity revenues and the highest results across combined equity and fixed income markets. The strong annual performance showcases our global footprint and our ability to capture client share amidst an increasingly constructive backdrop. Fourth quarter revenues were $7.3 billion as markets remained active, bucking the typical seasonal slowdown. We supported clients throughout the quarter and ended the year with momentum. Investment banking revenues were $6.2 billion for the full year, reflecting growth across regions and products. 2024 commenced with strong debt underwriting activity, followed by M&A announcements that picked up in the second half, and ended with increased equity underwriting activity as the IPO market posted its highest volumes since 2021. Fourth quarter investment banking revenues were $1.6 billion. Results were largely driven by accelerating strength in equity underwriting as follow-on and IPO issuance saw meaningful improvements across -- over the comparison period. We also saw corporates and sponsors take advantage of constructive markets in the quarter. Advisory revenues improved year-over-year on higher completed M&A transactions. Looking ahead to 2025, our M&A pipelines are healthy and diversified, outpacing recent years. Financial sponsors are joining corporates to drive activity, evaluating exit opportunities for long held assets. CEO and boardroom confidence continues to improve as valuations stabilize and financing markets remain strong. Our business is well positioned for a strong continued rebound in deal making activity. Turning to equity. We continue to be a global leader in this business, evidenced by record full year revenues of $12.2 billion. These results reflect year-over-year growth across regions with record performance out of Asia, demonstrating the importance of having a global footprint. Full year results were supported by increased prime brokerage balances and our agility as we navigated the market well. Revenues were $3.3 billion in the fourth quarter. Following the U.S. elections, clients re-risk quickly, given shifting market dynamics. Additionally, third quarter strength in Asia carried into the fourth quarter with renewed investor interest across the region. Prime brokerage revenues were a record for the business as clients remained engaged and balances rose to peak levels. Cash results increased year-over-year, consistent with higher levels of client engagement and volumes. Derivative results increased versus last year's fourth quarter on the back of higher activity across a variety of products, in line with improved risk appetite from clients. Fixed income revenues were $8.4 billion for the full year, driven by consistent quarterly performance across the businesses. The full year results demonstrate our multiyear efforts to recenter our fixed income business around the integrated firm, improved trading performance, growth in durable lending revenues, and servicing corporate and sponsor relationships all contributed to results. Quarterly revenues were $1.9 billion, driven by credit products and commodities. Micro revenues were above historical quarterly averages. Results were driven by securitized products, which benefited from higher loan balances and an increase in securitization activity. Macro performance was relatively flat versus the prior fourth quarter. Commodity revenues improved year-over-year. Results were led by our North America power and gas business, where structured opportunities for corporate clients leveraged the integrated firm. Turning to ISG lending and provisions. For the full year, ISG provisions were $202 million and $78 million for the quarter. The quarterly provision was driven by portfolio growth and a build in a handful of individual assessments. For the full year, ISG net charge-offs were $210 million. For the quarter, net charge-offs were $62 million, primarily related to several commercial real estate loans, which were largely provisioned for in prior quarters. Turning to Wealth Management. 2024 was a strong year for wealth management. Full year highlights include records, revenues of $28.4 billion, pre-tax profit of $7.7 billion, and a reported margin of 27.2%. The strength of our scaled and differentiated client acquisition funnel continues to set us apart. Fee-based flows were $123 billion, exceeding $100 billion for the fourth consecutive year. Clients continue to seek Morgan Stanley's advice, supporting our thesis that as assets move through the funnel, incremental revenue growth and margin expansion will follow. For the fourth quarter, revenues were $7.5 billion and the reported PBT margin was 27.5%. DCP and real estate related charges negatively impacted the quarterly margin by approximately 140 basis points. Asset management revenues in the quarter set a new record of $4.4 billion, showcasing the progress we have made to durable fee-based revenues. With each quarter this year, asset management revenues saw sequential improvement, powered by constructive markets and consistently strong fee-based flows. Fourth quarter fee-based flows were $35 billion. Importantly, over the last two years, we have seen an increase in the number and the pace of assets migrating from advisor-led brokerage accounts to fee-based accounts. We remain an industry leader in organic growth. Net new assets for the quarter were $57 billion. Full year NNA of $252 billion represents approximately 5% annual growth of beginning period assets. This year, our advisor-led channel drove the results, benefiting from both existing clients and new clients coming to the firm. Transactional revenues for the quarter were $1 billion. Excluding the impact of DCP, transactional revenues represent the highest level of activity we have seen since the peak in 2021. Higher retail engagement in equity-related products and demand for alternative products supported results. These revenues will continue to benefit from the breadth and the depth of our growing alternatives platform. Bank lending balances were $160 billion. Loan growth of $4 billion was driven by securities based lending, where we saw demand for new lines and a decline in the pace of paydowns. Total deposits increased 3% sequentially to $370 billion, driven by higher sweep balances. End-of-period sweep deposits have increased for two consecutive quarters, supporting the view that as rate dynamics change and markets turn to be more constructive, sweep balances will be increasingly transactional in nature. While clients deployed more sweep cash in the rising markets, particularly in December, balances held strong as clients showed less rate sensitivity with their transactional cash. Net interest income was $1.9 billion in the quarter. The sequential increase was primarily driven by higher sweeps. Looking ahead into 2025, the combination of a more stable deposit mix, higher lending balances, and the rate outlook suggests that first quarter NII should not fluctuate materially from our fourth quarter results. We are intently focused on driving additional growth across channels. In our advisor-led channel, our effectiveness in deepening relationships is evidenced by our consistently strong fee-based flows. In Workplace, our recently announced partnership with Carta, puts us at the center of new client stock plan opportunities as private companies consider going public. And in self-directed, the number of active traders on the E*TRADE platform grew, ending the year at levels higher than 2022. Moving to Investment Management. The business reported annual revenues of $5.9 billion and quarterly revenues of $1.6 billion. Our AUM reached a new peak at year-end of $1.7 trillion, supported by market gains and net inflows. Long-term net inflows were $4.3 billion in the quarter, driven by continued demand for our fixed income strategies and parametric customized portfolios. This brings 2024 long-term net inflows to $18 billion. Within Alternatives and Solutions, Parametric remains a key differentiator for MSIM. Growth of the brand will be supported by investments in technology, ongoing education for retail clients on the benefits of customization, and tailored solutions for asset managers. Liquidity and overlay services had inflows of $67 billion on the back of strong fund performance and seasonality, some of which may reverse in the first quarter. Fourth quarter asset management and related fees of $1.6 billion increased 11% versus the prior year, driven by higher average AUM. As a reminder, performance fees are recognized on an annual basis, largely in the fourth quarter, which drove the increase sequentially. Quarterly performance based income and other revenues were $88 million. Gains were concentrated in infrastructure, U.S. private equity, and private credit. In parallel with Wealth Management MSIM is helping to deliver our asset-led strategy. Our efforts to build a business that is well diversified and focused on secular growth areas, as well as global opportunities gives us confidence to drive incremental growth. Turning to the balance sheet. Total spot assets were $1.2 trillion. Over the course of 2024, we demonstrated velocity of resources. Standardized RWAs declined sequentially to $473 billion, driven by year-end seasonality and market dynamics. Lower RWAs at period end have already begun to reverse as we enter a new calendar year. During the year, we accreted over $5.5 billion of common equity Tier 1 capital and our standardized CET1 ratio ended the year at 15.9%. For the full year, we bought back $3.3 billion of common stock. Our tax rate was 23.1% for the full year. The quarterly tax rate was 24.1%, reflecting the level and the mix of earnings. We expect our 2025 tax rate to be approximately 24%, and consistent with prior years we expect some quarterly volatility. As we look ahead into 2025, our franchise is well positioned for growth, exiting the year with momentum across all of our businesses with a strong capital position to invest in our clients and our businesses. We enter the year with record asset levels, healthy and diversified pipelines, an engaged and institutional retail client base, and a strong global brand. We are focused on disciplined execution as we progress towards our goals. With that, we will now open the line up to questions.
Operator: We are now ready to take in questions. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Glenn Schorr with Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: Hey, thanks very much.
Ted Pick: Good morning, Glenn. How are you doing? Glenn, how are you?
Glenn Schorr: All right. Appreciate it. Where to begin -- I guess, let's talk about trade. There is a lot of upside in trading. We've all seen great trading environments and this certainly was a good one. But I wonder if you could just try to parse out, how you think about great trading environment versus what your words are, just more durable the higher client balances, the record PB, the share gains, and how are you going to measure the success of those durable gains? I'm just trying to separate your actions versus the environment. You've certainly been performing really well. Thanks.
Ted Pick: I appreciate that. The focus on institutional securities over the last number of years is of course to deliver to key clients, the whole product set across what -- as you know, we called at one point about five, six years ago, I think it was in 2018, the integrated investment bank. And that was the bringing together of folks in equities, fixed-income, capital markets, and investment banking, minding obviously all the walls between them, but having folks mobilize across those divisions, across the regions and really understand what life is like to sit in the shoes of folks in different divisions. And as you know in this business, you don't actually know what that feels like unless you're in that business, so we had leaders moving around. And six years later now with ISG under Dan Simkowitz’s leadership, we're able to -- in an environment that is friendly to a lot of the businesses because now we have a real corporate finance activity. We have real interest rates and you have effectively two way markets in lots of places around the world with respect to central bank activity, with respect to buyers and sellers of assets. And of course, if you're well organized, you can prosecute that in an orthodoxical way. We have during this period under leadership of Sharon in the office of CFO been quite prudent on the deployment of those risk weighted assets through our Chief Risk Officer, Charles Smith, how do those risk weighted assets and GAAP balance sheet get deployed to clients? One mistake, Glenn, is you can lose the forest of the trees and not think about all the client touchpoints across the integrated firm, we're calling it or you can actually lose sight of the real drivers of what makes that client valuable to the institution. And now we've had six, seven years of really focusing on that and preparing ourselves for the ability to expand our wallet at a time where we believe the denominator is growing as well. It's a little trickier to try to expand the numerator, your wallet when the denominator is not moving as was the case with zero interest rates because you are effectively not a price maker and you are potentially going to be taking some concentrated risk. But here now with the cycle having transitioned, we were able to lean in first across our sweet spot, which is equities to have not just prime brokerage, but the cash equities and derivatives businesses really start to generate above cost of capital ROEs. So the entire basket of equities offering to our clients, but then in fixed income, which has been extraordinarily stable in what is intrinsically an unstable business given the very different businesses of commodities, interest rates, foreign exchange, and credit. On the leadership there Hallik and Horder have done a brilliant job, really running a durable business with a lot of annuitized revenue around well considered financing, structuring, lending businesses that look quite like the businesses we have in classic underwriting such that when we now go into this investment banking cycle where we do think there is going to be an acceleration of classic primary and secondary offerings we're already doing business that looks like that inside of sales and trading, our lending businesses, client advice, and of course, there is real collegiality across the investment bank. The last piece of this is what we've been waiting for, which are M&A tickets, which as you know are the top of the waterfall, the highest margin product that then have multiplier effect through the whole organization and that has begun. The pipeline is very strong, depending on how you measure it, the strongest it's been in five years to 10 years, maybe even longer, and we are excited about pushing that through to the rest of the investment bank. What I've said and I would repeat here too, just to give a lengthy answer, Glenn, is that on ISG wallet share, we are clear that we want those share gains to be durable, which is why we didn't go with quantification. We want those gains to be ones that are not gains by reaching concentration risk, counterparty risk, but the clients know we are serious about bringing ISG to the fore and that the integrated firm now is bringing together these world class wealth and investment management businesses with our investment bank. And the proof is in the pudding, this past year 100 basis point gain, plus or minus in the investment bank to roughly a 15% wallet in a growing denominator. And as you can tell, given we've been quite disciplined on RWA growth against that and you see the operating leverage in the income statement, it's fair to say the institution at large is very exciting.
Glenn Schorr: That was a very full answer. I really appreciate it. I'll cede my follow-up to the group. Thanks.
Ted Pick: Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
Ted Pick: Good morning, Ebrahim.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hey, good morning. I guess, maybe just -- I know this is -- you've addressed this in prior calls, but as we think about just investments in systems as it pertains to AML, BSA on the wealth management side. If you don't mind addressing where the firm stands there today in terms of sort of meeting all the highest standards from a regulatory compliance standpoint. And I think the essence of my question is, as we think about the growth opportunity in terms of international wealth, do you need to sort of get your ducks lined up on the AML, BSA front in order to pursue those more aggressively or actively? Thanks.
Sharon Yeshaya: Thank you for the question. I think that the, the way I would answer your question is more fulsome than just specifically looking at one particular sector. The point that I would underscore is the results themselves in this business speak for themselves. In terms of the investment, the ability to attract clients, both existing assets as well as new clients across the wealth management platform. So that's the first point that I would make. Second point that I would make is that over the course of the -- not just the last year, but really multiple years, we've been investing in all of our processes and our systems in order to engage and make sure that we have a robust infrastructure in order to be allowed to grow broadly and meet all of our growth objectives. And that has to do with everything that I mentioned across the technology side, across better understanding our data, better servicing our clients in terms of investment dollars and in terms of the underlying infrastructure. So what we're trying to do and what we've been actively pursuing is making sure that across the firm, not just specific to wealth, we can service and look and impact all of our clients. And moreover, you can see that very well in terms of our ability to actually continue to attract assets, we'll be making all of the necessarily investments to continue to be world class, both across people and our technology.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. Thank you. And I guess, a separate question, Slide 13 with regards to the investment into the bank. Just remind us in terms of the -- where we stand in terms of the integration of the bank. And as we think about -- with some of your peers where the bank and the wealth businesses probably are fully integrated, are we there yet? And then, what's the opportunity when you think about just deposit growth from your wealth management clients that you can bring onboard?
Sharon Yeshaya: We're definitely not there yet. We still have a lot of -- to do when we think about the bank. I've always, both internally and for those -- for many externally have felt that the bank itself is an incredible growth engine across the institution. If you look at our bank, we obviously started our bank much later than many of the peers that we now compete with from a commercial bank perspective. We have a very different deposit mix than others. And what's so interesting our deposit mix is that over 70% of our deposits come from our wealth management clients. Now there is -- that's currently, as you know, is largely coming from sweeps and for savings accounts. There is much more that we can do when we think about the deposit franchise itself, and then we can talk a little bit also about the other side of the balance sheet. But we're investing in those deposit opportunities. Remember, we didn't really have bank rails until we bought E*TRADE. That was part of the value proposition of acquiring E*TRADE and working with those bank rails to offer real checking accounts and continue to have a savings account offering. Moreover, as you think about the work we're doing to invest the banking products within Workplace, you now have different ways to manage cash and cash alternatives for the actual underlying employees, as Ted talked about from an integrated firm perspective. So there is much more that we can do with servicing and growing that deposit base over time. As you think about the lending side and you think about where we are, we continue to see opportunities to help our wealth clients as they expand their lending needs and we better understand their portfolios. Moreover, just holistically, as Ted mentioned in the slide, there are places where we are still working to move eligible ISG assets onto the bank. That should help institutional securities as you think about the actual funding profile associated with those assets. So there are many places that when you look overall at the integrated firm, the bank plays an important role in making sure we have the ability to see that grow.
Ted Pick: Yeah, Ebrahim. I'll tag on to that. Deposit side, we're going to service clients across all three channels in wealth, the FA channel, the everyday transaction offering of cash plus type of offering in E*TRADE. We're going to continue to focus on checking accounts with competitive rates, integrating products into the client journey as they move along with E*TRADE to potentially a classic FA. And then as you know, we've been really banging the drum on workplace where we can partner with companies to reach employees. And on the loan side, as Sharon said, we've been growing loans steadily. The loans number in wealth, as you know, was about $80 million in the fourth quarter of '18, that's doubled to $160 million. We grew that every quarter in '24. We're a bank. We lend and we have to do that in the context of deepening relationships. We lend to about 16% of our households and the best-in-class peers are higher. They're 50% higher, mid-20s. So there's -- as Sharon has said, there is real opportunity. And then in ISG, where we've been growing the lending capability there too, up about 15% year-over-year. So there is real focus on this and upside. But there is also been, I think back to the concept of owning Morgan Stanley as a durable instrument that we are growing both deposits and loans in a smart way over the next five years, 10 years, you can expect these numbers to continue to move higher.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Ted Pick: Good morning, Brennan.
Brennan Hawken: Hey, Ted. Good morning. How are you?
Ted Pick: Good.
Brennan Hawken: Would love to follow up on that -- some of that last discussion and talk about the loan growth because it seems like loan growth was -- the trends were better than certainly many were expecting last year. And it feels like given the expectation for capital markets reopening, improving risk appetites, we should continue to see that building momentum. Could you talk a little bit below the surface around what you're seeing on the loan side? You spoke to it at a really high level before, but I'd just love to drill down and hear what you're seeing more recently. And then where do you stand from a capability perspective, do you guys need to continue to build that out or do you feel like you're fully ramped from a competitive perspective?
Sharon Yeshaya: Thanks, Brennan. I'll take that. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, as you alluded to, what we saw, if you remember over the last -- since really interest rates when they began to rise, we saw a decline in the use of the SBL product. And we often actually saw an increase in paydowns. What's changed over the last – particularly, we noted it this quarter is, we've seen that pace of paydowns decline and then, we've actually seen an increased use of the lines. The important part there is, as you know probably better than anyone else is that, that product is one that is often generally used in periods of time by our clients when you actually see markets rise. And I wouldn't be surprised if we also begin to see it from a tax perspective as we enter the second part of the quarter. In terms of capabilities, excuse me, -- in terms of capabilities, I think we have the capabilities, there is clearly places you can still look from a tailored perspective. There is still capabilities when you think about the assets that we can move from an eligible perspective from the ISG side onto the bank. So it's a different portion of the question in terms of what we're doing from a legal entity perspective. But overall, I think we're very happy with what we have from the wealth management perspective and it's really about seeing the change in environment that should help the dynamics as we move forward to see that increase in loan growth.
Ted Pick: And I think integrated firm matters here because there is the ability for us now in our risk committee sessions to look at tailored lending as a form of sophisticated structured product that has some institutional qualities to it. So it's not so much the classic bifurcation of division-by-division, but more of a firm lens across what the commitments are at a time when we should see acceleration in both of the major sides of the house.
Brennan Hawken: That's interesting when thinking about utilizing the balance sheet. Thanks for that. I'm really sort of happy to ask this next question because of the focus on cash in the past year or so, and now I don't have to worry about drawing Sharon's ire when I ask about that. It seems like we're likely to have a pivot like, around cash trends. Like, we've got stability and even a little growth in the sweep. And when you think about prior easing cycles, what has -- how long has it taken before we see some of the recycling out of those yield oriented cash equivalents like CDs and money funds, which tend to be thinner margin into more market-oriented products that are higher margin? How should we be thinking about that timeline? Thanks.
Sharon Yeshaya: Brennan, it might be the first time in two years that I'm excited to answer a sweeps question. I am really encouraged by the signs that we see on the underlying sweep dynamic. It often actually plays to the fact that there is a lot that our clients can do and a lot that our clients are interested in right now. You see that in the transactional level of activity and all of the underlying trends as it relates to sweeps are actually playing out in that increase in transactional. So if I can just break it down, what we see, right, we look at sweeps and we look at the underlying sweeps in multiple different layers. So how do you think about where the sweeps are going to products that are under one year? How do you look at sweeps in terms of products over one year in terms of fixed income and how do you look at sweeps going in and out of market? What you saw this particular quarter, which I found to be quite encouraging and fascinating in terms of the sentiment of the retail investor actually changing is that we saw a really strong increase of the flows moving from sweeps into market. So it's not as though they aren't using that cash to invest. They're just using that cash to look at it more transactionally to go into market and asset level products. That's point number one. Point number two is, you begin to see the fixed income products that were over one year mature and just sit there. So it's as though when you think about what is the retail client doing, they're waiting, they're getting those assets, they're letting it mature and it's just sitting in some sort of sweep product until they want to deploy those assets into the market. The final point is, you're just seeing less activity go into various types of cash alternatives. And in my mind, that just means that this cash, now that rates has come down, markets are going up, it feels to be somewhat more normalized. It's acting transactional, which is what we had always assumed there would be some level of transactional cash. And to your point, as that rate differential goes down and it's no longer -- you can earn 5% from a cash product. There are places and decisions of what individuals want to do with that cash, they're letting it sit and they're using it to eventually invest in markets. And what you're seeing is that, that is actually taking place in the transactional line item.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo.
Ted Pick: Good morning, Mike.
Mike Mayo: Hi. Well, Ted, last quarter you were pretty built-up on the markets and some of that's playing out. But to how much are your backlogs up? Is our backlog a record? I'm not hearing record backlogs anymore here, up, but not record. I'm just wondering, how much you can monetize the backlogs that were in place in some cases, I guess, one, two, or three years ago?
Ted Pick: Yeah. Depending on how you measure it, whether volume or unit, number of units or sort of add value, you see pipelines in the M&A product that are the highest in seven years. So that is really encouraging. Now, some of this will be dependent on how things roll out in the first couple of months of the incoming administration and how things feel on a cross-border basis. But the pent-up activity that we're seeing is starting to release. You had saw some announcements going into the end of the year. You saw some very large capital raises that took place where enormous capacity was filled for great names over a weekend or over a 24 hour period. And that -- we haven't seen that since really 2020 and that was a totally different interest rate and backdrop context. So there is clearly demand even discussions for IPO potential, not just as an option versus selling to another sponsor or selling to a corporate, but in fact, a real option. So I am -- you're right, I've been bullish on this. It has taken some time and I think we will have some unpredictability around regulation in one jurisdiction versus another. But I think the demand to -- for some corporates to get bigger, to purify their businesses, given the deglobalization effect, given climate, given interest rate transition, they have things to do. And then again, the sponsors, they are looking to harvest some of these assets given where prices are and that sort of mismatch of expectations versus the reality of what the market is willing to pay for good companies, I think that's really starting to come together. And I would also say that the -- within the investment banking cylinder, i.e., M&A versus ECM versus DCM, that sub -- those sublines, as you know, have rotated over the last four, six quarters. A couple of quarters ago, it was a great ECM quarter. This past quarter was a DCM quarter, that also is healthy. It suggests the people in the treasury or CFO's office of large corporate clients are looking at all the toggles. So it is an activity-based business and I think '25 as we move through the year, if we continue to have reasonably constructive markets and reasonably predictable interest rates and reasonable sort of geopolitical backdrop, I think we are going to see increasing activity as the year goes on.
Mike Mayo: So you said the best backlog in seven years was that for mergers or all investment bank?
Ted Pick: Largely the M&A number, Mike. Globally.
Mike Mayo: Okay. So yeah, that's a -- I guess, that would be a lagging driver to the whole capital markets theme. And for you guys, when you think of a multiplier...
Ted Pick: Yes. By the way, yes. Yes, on that, Mike. Exactly as you've been saying all along, that is the last piece. And there have been periods where it's sort of frustrating, stuff gets discussed at a sort of free Board approval level and then there's some unpredictability and it gets tabled. But the sort of the inventory around stuff that is idea flow that is a near announcement, that piece of it is increasing and it may not result ultimately in a merger ticket. It may actually turn into the company being carved out and taken public. But I think what we are increasingly confident about, again if the market and the economy holds up and those are -- those are ifs, but if they do, then you're going to see the entire corporate finance cylinder really kick into something that maybe looks like mid-90s activity classic corporate finance.
Sharon Yeshaya: Operator, can you hear us? We can move on to the next question.
Operator: Steven, your line is now open. We'll take our next question from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.
Ted Pick: Good morning, Steven. Thanks, and good morning.
Steven Chubak: Good morning, Ted. Good morning, Sharon.
Sharon Yeshaya: Good morning.
Steven Chubak: So, one is that -- wanted to ask on the 30% wealth management margin target. Just taking a step back, you're already running at 29% on a core basis. Sharon, you cited a number of headwinds in the coming year, whether it's just NII inflecting AUM growth, capital markets fee tailwinds. I'm just trying to understand what would preclude you from getting to that goal this year. And why isn't the longer-term aspiration something north of 30 just given significant operating leverage in this model at scale?
Sharon Yeshaya: So I'll take that, Steve. I just juxtaposed this call to where we were a year ago and a lot of the conversations, obviously, as you think about the change in the rate environment, but then also very importantly, the change in the asset management fee revenues. That has been a very large contributor to the point that you're making where we've seen the fee-based increase, we've seen the AUM and then we've seen the revenues. But I don't want to lose sight of the fact that we're investing in this business and that investment is very important. We've always said over the course of the last five years, we can get to 30%, but we don't want to starve the business. We want to do it in a durable manner. And we want to make sure that we are able to invest specifically in the places that might be margin dilutive. Those are workplace. There are different parts of marketing and investment in the sales cycle as you think about self-directed. Putting money towards the top of the funnel, putting money towards technology that actually helps match places where you have the top of the funnel into the advisor-led channel. All of that's working. So the last thing one would want to do is, put a target out there, see a change in dynamics associated with all of a sudden markets go down or there is some shock that we're unaware of, you're unable to meet those targets and you pull back investments, that's not how we want to run this. As Ted said in his prepared remarks, the word across this entire -- these scripts is durable. We're looking for durable margins. We're looking for durable growth. We're looking for durable returns. All of that comes into play as we think about the actual investment in the business over time.
Ted Pick: Yeah. And what I would add to that is, the extraordinary performance of -- well, you just look at the fact that revenues grew by 8% year-over-year, but PBT grew by 19%. So that is -- that's the kind of progress against larger numbers that we are excited to see and a full contribution to the firm outcome.
Steven Chubak: No. That's great to hear. Just one quick follow-up, Sharon. You referenced the recently announced partnership with Carta. And I was hoping to double-click into some of the tangible financial benefits from leveraging that partnership. Just given the number of planned participants, it's been pretty stagnant over the last few quarters, but certainly feels as though this could be a potential accelerant, maybe help reinvigorate growth within that channel.
Sharon Yeshaya: Yeah. So let me just first -- I'll take the second part of your question first because there is some stuff to unpack when you actually look at the underlying participants. We have talked about and we've seen -- we will see a transition from some of the stock sale plants that we have sold and announced both in Europe and in Asia, that are associated with the actual participants. So I just want to be clear that -- there are other underlying factors in there. The other point that I would mention is, we have not been in a cycle in which -- especially over the last two years that you've seen a lot of monetization events. And so you have changes really in the workforce dynamics for many of these companies where you might have seen headcount reductions, you might have seen acquisitions in which some of those stock plan participants decline. I don't want you to read into that as though there is not investment or it's not growing because we continue to meet win mandates and we continue to have expanded corporate relationships. So that's important as we talk about where are we investing. We are investing and we're seeing progress as we continue to have greater breadth of corporates that we service within the United States in particular. Now as it relates to Carta and I'm glad you mentioned and asked the question is that's a really exciting partnership, especially, as the capital market cycle turns. So as you're likely aware, Carta does service the private companies in particular. And what we have now done and the relationship that we announced at the end of last year was that we have an exclusive partnership with Carta, which means that they will refer those private -- different stock plans or different corporate companies to Morgan Stanley as they move into going public. It's really exciting for many reasons, not just the opportunities on the wealth side, but also as Ted talked a lot about is the integrated firm. So there is a lot of places to build out those relationships as those companies are going through that transition. Moreover, what we are committed to doing as we go through that transition is to make sure that it's a seamless experience for those clients. As you know, we already do service individually some of those private companies. As they move public, they'll have that seamless experience both from a Carta referral perspective and even what we see that's currently on the books.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Christian Bolu with Autonomous.
Ted Pick: Good morning, Christian.
Christian Bolu: Good morning, Ted and Sharon. Maybe on Wealth Management organic growth, first of all. So if I look at flows over the last three years, total flows have been somewhat short of that sort of $1 trillion target and have been at the lower end of your 5% to 7% organic growth target. So maybe just talk through how you think about the ability to accelerate organic growth going forward and then maybe confidence level in that $1 trillion target?
Sharon Yeshaya: So what I would like to note here is, this is a really I think in the environment that we've been in the last two years, I think, this is a remarkable outcome. Especially, if you look and you compare it to our peer set and anyone who's been able to actually aggregate assets were best-in-class. And a lot of that best-in-class has to do with the fact that -- and I mentioned this in my prepared remarks, the vast majority of the assets, the new assets that we're seeing over the course of this last year has been on the advisor-led channel. And we've talked about some of the headwinds that are going from a cyclical perspective that I think are beginning to abate. And those have been spending of money, you're necessarily -- not necessarily seeing as much money in motion and you aren't seeing monetization events from workplace corporates. So you add the self-directed channel, you're not necessarily seeing as much money coming in. From the workplace side, you're not necessarily seeing monetization events. So people aren't getting that cash, you're not seeing companies going public. Those things are beginning to turn. And so this -- these results were really led from the advisor-led channel from new clients and existing clients, new clients being really important. And so, I think that there is a lot of opportunity there in terms of the 5% to 7%.
Ted Pick: Yeah. What I'd add to that, Christian, is sort of a big picture answer and a little picture answer. My little picture answer would be just taking a look again at Slide 9, fee-based flows. That is the -- that's sort of the core of the funnel. And we've been talking about that every quarter, and Jed Finn running well very much has been focused on that too. And you see that the number just continues to move. $109 billion last year or two years ago, $123 billion in 2024. So fee-based flows, that's kind of the ultimate outcome. And you see that we are seeing this incremental activity now in the self-directed product from clients who they kind of -- have the kind of experience that we talk about when they make their way to a financial advisor, it could prove very sticky. My big picture observation though would be, one, and I know you know this, but by way of sort of a reminder, just given what's happened in the market over the last year of when we did this call a year ago, the combined assets for wealth and investment management stood at $6.6 trillion. And as you know, we said we're going to get to $10 trillion and we're going to keep going. And in a year, we've gone from $6.6 trillion to $7.9 trillion. So that is a $1.3 trillion in a year. Now, of course, we've had the kind of markets that are -- take asset prices higher, but that I think speaks for itself in terms of our ability to continue to stay on what really is what I would have folks paying attention to, which is just this commitment to get to $10 trillion. And whether that takes X years or X plus one year or X plus two years, we want to get the kind of assets that ultimately work their way through the funnel and you say, well, what's the KPI there? And I'd say, the KPI there is going back to Slide 9, which is are we increasing the TAM of relationships and are we doing that across the financial advisory of lever through workplace and through self-directed? Are we doing it all three? The answer is, yes. Are we seeing enough net new assets that it's actually material and clearly at $250 per annum, that is a material number? And then how are we doing on that which you can model on a multiple -- a nice multiple on, which is fee-based flows, and there it is on the right. So I'm less wrapped around the axle on whether we are at 700 or 800 versus $1.23 trillion in a given three year period and more focused on sort of the composition of the funnel and that the assets are growing materially, but that ultimately we are translating that across a broader number of clients, again, $19 million plus and that ultimately, at least for some of them translates into financial advisory fee-based flows and that's the right side. So that's kind of the way we're thinking about it, Christian, in the context now of the integrated firm.
Christian Bolu: Okay. Very fair. Thanks for the full answer. Maybe another quick one here on just comp leverage, very strong expense, especially in ISG comp. And I'm sorry if I missed this in the prepared remarks, but is the 2024 full year ISG comp ratio of 31% kind of a good place to run going forward, obviously, as you mean, revenue continues to grow?
Sharon Yeshaya: Yeah. Obviously, Christian, as you can tell, we look at comp on a full year basis and you did have the outperformance as it relates to the revenue in the fourth quarter on a relative basis. And so you do see changes within that comp. We don't give full year guidance specifically on one expense line. We manage the company holistically. When we think about our expenses, we're looking at our overall efficiency of the firm. And what I would pay attention to is on the last page of the targets, the 70% efficiency ratio goal that we've stated over the long-term.
Ted Pick: And what I'd add to that is, listen, we're running a talent business. And so we pay for performance and performance comes in sort of the upside for our partners comes in two forms. One is through compensation over many years, which is why tenure matters. And of course, total return in stock ownership, which is, as you know, a critical part of our partner compensation, so that is the thinking. Of course, when you have good years, you experience some operating leverage in comp of which then flows to the bottom line. In tougher years, as you know, the comp ratio moves higher. What we did do in 2023 in the second half was some of the tough work around calling and doing some lateral work and that obviously has the -- if it's done right, both enhances the efficiency of the income statement, but also allows for some incremental productivity on the top line of those bankers and traders and salespeople and structures and risk management folks as they begin to kind of gestate over the two, three years after that. So we feel like we came out at a good place there.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll move to Devin Ryan with Citizens JMP.
Ted Pick: Hey, Devin.
Devin Ryan: Thanks so much. Hey, Ted. Hey, Sharon. I just have one on Investment Management. Slide 12, you lay out, your parametric has been a great success story in the alternatives bucket. In investment management, overall, it's still less than 10% of firmwide revenue. And I know the Alts (ph) bucket specifically is an area of focus, but I'm curious areas like private equity, private credit, there is a lot of secular growth there. I know you have ambitions to grow private credit, but how do you think about that becoming a larger strategic piece of Morgan Stanley? And what's the appetite there to maybe do acquisitions to step function or accelerate that?
Sharon Yeshaya: So when we look at -- what I would focus you on as we think about investment management more broadly is the fact that, as you know, we are looking to create a diversified platform and we obviously were able to do that, as you mentioned, through acquisitions. And specifically through the acquisition of Eaton Vance when we think about both Parametric and a lot of the fixed income products. We're beginning to see a lot of reaping of those synergies across the more -- the wealth management business, across MSIM, and across all of the initiatives that we laid out at the beginning. So remember, what we said is, we thought we -- there was more to do on Parametric, specifically on the retail side, that's working. We're seeing increased participation from our FAs, retail clients, and even asset managers to leverage that parametric product. We have also noted that we plan to think about things like fixed-income and use fixed-income and see international distribution, that was evidenced this quarter. A lot of the flows that we saw there have to do with international distribution. So the synergies themselves are working already. I think there is much more to do just on bringing the two franchises together. And as we see continued investment with different parts of private credit, different parts of private equity, different parts of infrastructure, we will take part in those secular growth trends as they move forward.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Ted Pick: Good morning, Dan.
Daniel Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. One more question just on wealth. Can you talk about advisor retention, kind of recruitment, and backlogs here? And then you used to talk about the companion accounts within wealth and workplace. So curious if there is any update on where that sits and some of the progress you're seeing within that initiative.
Sharon Yeshaya: Yeah, I'll take that. So in terms of the workplace in general and how we're beginning to see the transitions in the companion accounts. What I would focus you on is companion accounts were something that we were looking at the beginning of time when we had put together the E*TRADE and the Morgan Stanley platforms, that integration is largely complete. What we're more focused now is actually better understanding the channel migration. And those are the numbers and statistics that we've been giving over the last couple of calls more specifically. So what I mean by channel migration is, we have workplace assets that began at some point in workplace and we're seeing them move into the advisor-led concept. Over the last five years or so, since 2020, we've seen $300 billion coming and initiating at some point from workplace and moving into that advisor-led channel, that has been a big part of the move towards first transactional and then that movement from transactional flows into fee-based. So those are more of the metrics that I'd point you to on the forward when we think about being able to mark ourselves to market from a funnel perspective.
Operator: We'll take our last question from Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Ted Pick: Good morning, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. Hi, Ted. Thank you. Can you guys share with us -- we share -- many investors -- many of us share your optimism on the outlook for Morgan Stanley in the business? Can you share with us the risk aside from the obvious geopolitical risks globally, what risks or curveballs are you guys trying to keep your eyes on for this year? Because again things do look very good for yourselves and others. But what are some of the risks you guys talk about on a regular basis?
Sharon Yeshaya: So needless to say, we're constantly running a number of stress tests as you think about the risks, geopolitical macro in nature, counterparty risks and that's been a lot of the focus when you think about the velocity of the balance sheet and all of the capital metrics that we have is making sure that we're in a position to constantly refresh. And look, when we think about -- if you look back at any of the episodes that we've talked about and then a lot of the risks that we've learned, we are constantly thinking about where are there tall trees. How do you see the velocity of different positions that you have? So it's very hard to pin down and say, well, what match risk have you not necessarily solved for because generally speaking, there is something brand new that one -- I don't know that anyone knew that there would be a global pandemic, right? But the underlying risk of what does the global pandemic mean, you think about even the risk that you might have seen over the course of this quarter. You have an election, we don't know what's going to happen with the election. None of us knew what would necessarily happen with the election. You look at the risks, you look at tall trees, you think about being able to bring down, what can you bring down quickly and how do you think about velocity? And then how do you run scenarios? What does it mean for higher rates? What does it mean for lower rates? And we look at different geographical exposures as well to try and better understand how we can manage all of that dynamism as you move forward.
Ted Pick: I guess, what I'd add to that, Gerard, is most of the risks that we have been looking at in this period are -- and Sharon kind of went through a whole panoply of them, they are largely in the buckets of either the implications or the reality of regime change around interest rates that the period of zero interest rates and zero inflation is now passed and that this hot coal that we feel are now tilted more towards inflation. And if there was a downside risk, it would be something that felt more stagflationary that we are running risk scenarios around that, then there might be periods when it feels a little colder again. And that is all sort of imputed in the language of interest rate policy around the world. So that's sort of bucket one, the end of financial repression. And then bucket two is the geopolitical uncertainty and tension that we're seeing that has built over the last number of years and will continue. And that's important to us because, of course, we're running a global business. So there may be places where there are re-equitization opportunities. There may be places where there is outsized risk in behalf of clients and we have to navigate that as well. So those are the two major buckets, I think, of our time. And that is why it's so important that we were able to put up a quarter that concluded a year where we had the kind of consistency we had on the top line, on the bottom line. We can't undertake that, that will be the case in every market context. But if you think about the year we just had, there were multiple years within that year. And the fact that the enterprise through the businesses we're in was able to generate that kind of consistency on the top and bottom line, I think augurs well for a period where we think all things being equal, the denominator of opportunities should improve.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you everyone for participating. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-16 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to Morgan Stanley's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. On behalf of Morgan Stanley, I will begin the call with the following information and disclaimers. This call is being recorded. During today's presentation, we will refer to our earnings release and financial supplement, copies of which are available at morganstanley.com. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Morgan Stanley does not undertake to update the forward-looking statements in this discussion. Please refer to our notices regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures that appear in the earnings release. This presentation may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent. I will now turn the call over to Chief Executive Officer, Ted Pick.
Ted Pick: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. In the third quarter, Morgan Stanley delivered strong revenues of $15.4 billion, $3 billion of net income and a 17.5% return on tangible. The results reflect top-line growth across our businesses and demonstrate operating leverage. Year-to-date results reflect the firm's ability to generate consistent quarterly performance, $15 billion of revenues, sequential EPS of $2.02, $1.82, and $1.88, and year-to-date returns on tangible of 18%. Across the firm, we advanced toward our strategic goals while continuing to invest in growth. We are delivering on asset aggregation by leveraging our unique platform and scale in Wealth and Investment Management. Through the first nine months, we achieved $200 billion of organic growth. It's worth noting that over the last year, total client assets are up almost $1.4 trillion. Total client assets across Wealth and Investment Management have now reached $7.6 trillion, on the road to $10 trillion. Our strategic investments across the Integrated Investment Bank are reflected through share gains in our Institutional franchise. The breadth and depth of our global team working seamlessly across all three regions was evident through the summer and post Labor Day, as we helped clients navigate volatility against economic and policy uncertainty. As a whole, the Integrated Firm is achieving operating leverage with our year-to-date efficiency ratio improving by approximately 300 basis points to 72%. We have achieved this while continuing to thoughtfully invest across business and infrastructure priorities. Institutional and individual clients are engaged and we are well-positioned to capture opportunities against different market condition backdrops. Strong fee-based flows in Wealth and the strong performance in Institutional Securities speak to clients seeking Morgan Stanley's advice. Improved underwriting markets combined with increasing participation among financial sponsors and corporates across Investment Banking support a constructive outlook. A broadening equity market and evolving interest rate policy are favorable backdrops for our markets businesses. Continued individual client focus on tax customization strategies are a tailwind for our Parametric business inside Investment Management. Now, with three quarters of 2024 on the board, we are striking a cadence that we will execute against. Our team is unified across the four pillars of: strategy, culture, financial strength and growth. Morgan Stanley's strategy is to raise, manage and allocate capital for institutions and individuals. We will continue to execute on this strategy with a culture of rigor, humility and partnership. And with high levels of capital and liquidity, Morgan Stanley will continue to execute on a plan of durable growth across our Integrated Firm. Sharon will now take us through the quarter. Nice job, SY.
Sharon Yeshaya: Thank you, and good morning. The firm produced revenues of $15.4 billion in the third quarter. Our EPS was $1.88, and our ROTCE was 17.5%. Results in the third quarter show the inherent strengths of our business model and our ability to grow revenues while also driving profitability. The firm's year-to-date efficiency ratio was 72%. In addition to strong revenue growth, efficiency gains are the result of disciplined prioritization of our controllable spend. An ongoing review of our real estate footprint as well as lower litigation and consulting spend contributed to this year's operating leverage while maintaining strong infrastructure to support ongoing growth. Now, to the businesses. Institutional Securities revenues were $6.8 billion. Notwithstanding advisory and equity underwriting markets remaining below historical averages, the segment's revenues represented a near record third quarter. Performance accelerated towards the end of the quarter and was driven by the benefits of scale and the global reach of our Integrated Investment Bank. Activity outside the U.S. drove the segment's outperformance relative to historical averages. Our global footprint positioned us well to capture share. As risk events around the world drove activity, including the Bank of Japan's monetary policy changes, shifting expectations around the size and the timing of the Fed's first rate cut and China's announced stimulus, we supported our clients. Investment Banking revenues increased to $1.5 billion. The year-over-year improvement was driven by continued strength in underwriting, led by debt underwriting, and further aided by a pickup in advisory revenues. Steady improvements in corporate and sponsor activity as well as our investments in talent and client relationships are yielding results. Advisory revenues of $546 million increased year-over-year on modestly higher completed M&A transactions in the quarter, with particular strength in EMEA. Large fee events from closed deals in EMEA, including those involving financial sponsors, supported the strongest quarter in over a decade for the region. Equity underwriting revenues were $362 million. While global market volumes remain well below historical trend lines, revenues were higher year-over-year, with a notable pickup of activity in Asia, driven by IPOs and follow-ons. Fixed income underwriting revenues more than doubled versus the prior year to $555 million. Results were driven by strong non-investment grade issuance, supported by both refinancing and event-driven activity, as well as a record third quarter volumes in the investment grade market. Pipelines are healthy and diverse. We continue to believe we are in the early stages of a multi-year capital markets recovery. Corporate activity is gaining momentum, and the desire among sponsors to transact is steadily materializing, not only domestically but also abroad. While we are cognizant of the broader macroeconomic risks at play, we are well-positioned to deliver the Integrated Firm with a deliberate focus on comprehensive solutions for our global clients. Equity revenues were robust at $3 billion. The business navigated bouts of market volatility well and remained nimble as we supported clients, in particular, performance in the Americas and Asia was strong. Prime brokerage revenues were above historical averages, as client balances, once again, reached a new peak, driven by higher equity markets. Cash results improved versus the prior year, reflecting higher volumes across the regions. Derivative results were also up year-over-year, reflecting an increase in client activity coupled with an improved trading environment in Asia associated with China's announced stimulus in the final weeks of September. Fixed income revenues were $2 billion, driven by strength in macro, particularly rates, largely offset by results in commodities that were stronger in the prior year. Results reflect solid performance in EMEA and Asia, as well as a coordinated global effort to support clients through periods of volatility. Macro revenues increased versus the prior year, attributed to higher client engagement as our rates business navigated the markets well amid shifting expectations around the size and the timing of the Fed's first rate cut. Micro results were roughly flat year-over-year. Results in commodities declined compared to the strong prior year, which benefited from elevated volatility in energy markets. Turning to ISG lending and provision. In the quarter, ISG provisions were $68 million, driven by portfolio growth, partially offset by an improved outlook. Net charge-offs were $100 million in the commercial real estate and corporate loans. Turning to Wealth Management. In the third quarter, the business produced a record revenue of $7.3 billion and record PBT, highlighting the model's strong operating leverage. Strength in Wealth Management reflects a combination of constructive markets and a disciplined execution of our strategy. Client assets in Wealth Management reached $6 trillion. Fee-based flows were strong, demonstrating the power of our scaled and differentiated client acquisition funnel and the value of advice. Our multichannel model is driving durable long-term growth and profitability, benefiting from continued investments in our expanded offering and technology. Moving on to our business metrics. Pre-tax profits of $2.1 billion drove the margin to 28.3%. In the quarter, DCP negatively impacted the margin by approximately 90 basis points. Asset management revenues were $4.3 billion, up 18% year-over-year, driven by the cumulative impact of positive fee-based flows and higher markets. Fee-based flows in the quarter were robust at $36 billion and year-to-date flows are on pace to exceed last year, supported by an ongoing contribution of assets from advisor-led brokerage accounts to fee-based accounts. Clients are diversifying fee-based accounts to include fixed income and alternative products. Fee-based assets now stand at $2.3 trillion. Net new assets were $64 billion, bringing year-to-date net new assets to $195 billion, which represents 5% annualized growth of beginning period assets. Net new assets in the quarter were supported by our advisor-led and workplace channels, with a notable contribution from new clients in the advisor-led channel. Transactional revenues were $1.1 billion, and excluding the impact of DCP, were up 10% year-over-year. Overall, higher levels of client activity supported results. Loan growth was $4 billion for the second consecutive quarter, driven by mortgages. Total deposits increased sequentially to $358 billion. While average sweeps were down slightly, the recent stabilization, particularly -- we've seen recent signs of stabilization, particularly as the Fed began cutting rates. This is encouraging. Net interest income was $1.8 billion. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we would expect NII to be modestly down from the third quarter results, largely on the back of lower rate expectations, consistent with the forward curve. We are committed to continuing to execute as the opportunity in front of us remains significant. We currently touch 19 million relationships, 1.3 million more than last year. Our expanded offering includes unique market access for high-net-worth clients across a broad range of alternative products and, more recently, robust private market services, which continues to attract demand. We are investing in our intellectual capital, unique products and an integrated infrastructure to help our advisors serve their clients. Turning to Investment Management. Revenues of $1.5 billion increased 9% compared to the prior year. Results reflect higher asset management and related fees, which increased 5% year-over-year, driven by higher average AUM. Long-term net flows were approximately $7 billion. Inflows were primarily driven by continued demand in alternatives and solutions, and were further supported by our fixed income strategies. Since the acquisition of Eaton Vance within alternatives and solutions, Parametric customized portfolios have been a consistent source of strength. Our multi-year investments into Investment Management's partnership with Wealth Management includes initiatives around advisor education on our tax-efficient product capabilities. This has helped drive steady demand originating from our own Wealth Management clients as well as the broader retail base. Liquidity and overlay services had inflows of $9.3 billion, led by our Parametric overlay strategies. Performance-based income and other revenues were $71 million. Results supported gains in infrastructure and real estate. MSIM's total AUM now stands at $1.6 trillion. Our investments in customization and alternatives are showing returns, demonstrated by positive long-term flows this quarter. We continue to invest in secular growth products in order to meet global client demand. Turning to the balance sheet. Total spot assets grew to $1.3 trillion. Standardized RWAs increased sequentially to $490 billion, as we actively supported clients. We accreted approximately $2 billion of Common Tier 1 capital. Our standardized CET1 ratio stands at 15.1%. We continue to deliver on our commitment to the dividend, which we raised to $0.925 per quarter in this quarter, and we bought back $750 million of common stock during the quarter. Our year-to-date results serve as hard evidence that we are executing on the opportunity set, benefiting from being global and diversified with the resources to invest in growth. Across Wealth and Investment Management, we reached $7.6 trillion of total client assets. Expanding markets and increased client engagement should further support asset growth as we progress toward $10 trillion in client assets. With that, we will now open the line up to questions.
Operator: We are now ready to take any questions. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.
Steven Chubak: Hi, good morning.
Sharon Yeshaya: Hey, good morning, Steve.
Ted Pick: Good morning, Steve.
Steven Chubak: Ted. Hey, Sharon. How are you both doing? So, wanted to start off with just a question on op leverage. You noted that the management team has been very focused on driving more efficiency. We're definitely seeing now on the ISG side, 75% incremental margins, even in Wealth, you're delivering 35% incremental margins. Just wanted to gauge the sustainability of some of those higher-marginal margins, just given some of the efforts you cited on the efficiency side while continuing to invest for growth?
Sharon Yeshaya: Certainly. Thank you for the question, and thank you for noting the progress. We have been really focused on this over the course of the year, and I'd say that it's not -- the intention has not been to be shortsighted, but rather to take a very long-term lens as we think about efficiency. Over the course of this spring, we began to look not only at one-year budget, but really two- to three-year outlook, not just about revenues, but also understanding where are the efficiencies that we have to gain and where can we consolidate certain investments in order to make room for what would be investments in growth. I highlighted occupancy, because that's one that's notable in the SEC disclosures. You'll see that over the course of the year-to-date-to-year-to-date basis, so that line item has really only increased about $11 million. And we've made a lot of room to invest in optimization of the space, but also investments of space. You think about data centers, you think about new buildings, you think about new technology and new places that you think need to be used for occupancy. So, there is a way that we're thinking about self-funding. Same goes for a decline in professional services. Some of that was related to -- remember, we were going through many years of integration, and while we stopped disclosing on an integration basis, there were still places that we thought that we could augment what we were looking at from a professional service basis and where we were thinking about long-term gains. On the other side of that, you've seen increases in places like BC&E, because we have been in a position where we've been supporting our clients. We're also making space investing in the infrastructure as we think about the growth that we have going forward. Some of that just has to do with cyber resilience, thing that you would expect us to do as we grow the business going forward. But we're also looking at places where we're investing for FAs, new products, new technology that can give them space to go and prosecute new clients, which you see in our net new assets the course of the quarter. And broadly, as you think about risk and controls, you need to make sure that you have all of the right, like I said, infrastructure, really the foundation and the building blocks so that when you have growth, you're able to support it on a go-forward basis. So, we've been looking at it from both sides, Steve, and it is a multi-year process, and we would continue to do that not just in this business cycle and this budget cycle, but as we go forward over multiple years.
Steven Chubak: Thanks for all that perspective, Sharon. And maybe just for a quick follow-up, on the Wealth business, the KPIs were quite strong across the board, clearly reflects very strong momentum in the third quarter, especially in September. Just wanted to better understand what -- if there were any idiosyncratic factors that maybe drove some of that strength. Inevitably, when you see that type of momentum, it begs the question as to how durable or sustainable some of those KPIs might be and especially focused on just the growth in sweep deposits, which was certainly a nice surprise?
Sharon Yeshaya: Yeah. Specifically, I'd say actually all the KPIs and all the underlying is strong, sweeps being one that I called out as the deposit trends are certainly encouraging, especially since the Fed began to cut rates. We've seen that over the back end of September and even as we look into the beginning of the fourth quarter on a relative basis in terms of expectations. So, that has been positive. The underlying for me on all of the asset growth, both on NNA as well as fee-based assets, there's not one particular driver, but rather you've seen the advice-based side really picking up. You've seen clients and FAs engage. There continues to be investments into markets on a monthly level from brokerage sweeps, which you didn't see last year. So, needless to say, the markets are improving. You're seeing momentum in the economy. Uncertainties are lifting and retail clients are engaged both from seeking advice but also coming to the platform as new clients, which I think is a particularly good trend to watch.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
Ted Pick: Hey, Ebrahim.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hey, good morning, Ted. I guess, maybe just first question on capital priorities. Just talk to us in terms of how you're thinking about the capital ratio today in context of -- we're still waiting for the Basel re-proposal, but more importantly, I think the history of the last 10 years has been excellent capital allocation organic or inorganic. As you're looking at the world today, Ted, where are you deploying capital? Where are the best investment opportunities? Is it in market? Is it in wealth? Is it in international? Would love to get your perspective.
Ted Pick: Thanks for the question. As you know, we're at 15.1% CET1. The new number is 13.5%. So, our buffer is 160 basis points. We like that buffer. It gives us room to operate. You saw that we had some risk-weighted asset increase, but we still managed to keep the ratios at 15%-plus. So, there's a story here, which is to continue to price best-in-class financial strength along the lines of capital and liquidity, but also to lean into the businesses as the market opportunity affords. We did that clearly in both businesses. You saw it in the Investment Bank, where we gained share across the primary and both markets businesses, but you also saw it in Wealth Management, some of the technology spend that Sharon described. In the sort of forced hierarchy of what we would wish to do at any given moment around capital allocation, as we said before, it's the dividend first that is sacrosanct and we continue to grow it. Second here, because of the secular growth and where we are in the cycle, as Sharon just described, there is a good cause to be investing in all three segments, Wealth Management, Investment Management and the Investment Bank, and to do so across the world. We're clearly seeing rates of equitization increasing in places like Japan and India and on the continent. So, having a global franchise and investing in that, we think is existentially important. And then, the buyback is opportunistic. We'll be buying back $3 billion-plus this year, as that's an ongoing lever that we're going to pull. Of course, the Basel uncertainty likely lasts through the election and we have our points of advocacy that are aligned with the industry, but also those things that matter very much to Morgan Stanley specifically. And we're going to continue to make our case concertedly, respectfully, and we'll see how it plays out after the election. But as it stands now, 160 basis points of buffer on CET1, 5.5% SLR, we are investing in the business, we're achieving operating leverage. So, these things are always a movable feast, but we are keeping a very close eye on it and we're happy with how we're optimizing the allocation.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And one quick follow-up for you, Sharon, on sweep deposits, NII, all that good stuff. Just as we think about rate cuts, clients kind of -- maybe serving a trigger event for clients to reallocate how they'd invest. Is the NII, give or take, close to a bottom because of a certain level of sort of -- I think you've talked in the past about cash balances that clients have maintained. Are we close to that? And if we get QT maybe before the end of the year, could those deposit balances potentially have one less headwind and as a result grow looking into next year despite rate cuts?
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. So, let me take the last part of your question first just to be clear. QT hasn't really been a driver for us. I'd say that's more for a commercial bank. So, in either direction, I don't think it has to do with a decline or an increase. So, I'd put that aside, because our deposit base is just slightly different. When we look at where we've been and the types of language that we've used historically, I'd say that just to put it in context, the rate environment has changed. It's changed since the second quarter and I'd say it's changed pretty materially. So, we don't have control as we all know in terms of where interest rates are going. What I can speak to is where we are from a deposit level. And as I said, the trends that we've seen are extremely encouraging. If you think about where we've come from and where we are over the course of the last couple of weeks, especially when the Fed -- ever since the Fed has cut interest rates. The near-term guidance that I gave is that we will likely be modestly down over the course -- on a quarter-over-quarter basis. And where we will be as we look into 2025, I think we will re-evaluate based on where sweeps are, one, but more importantly, on the forward, is likely where interest rates are, which will be a function of what does the Fed do in November, what does it do in December, and what is the path for '25 when we sit at the beginning of January. But I just want to put a little bit of perspective around the conversations that we've had about sweeps and NII over the course of the last couple of years. I understand that it's been a very important topic for investors, especially when you think about sweeps, in particular. But sweeps, as I said, have been, to some degree, stabilizing. And when you look at NII for Morgan Stanley, on a relative basis, think about where we were last year in the third quarter. The delta between NII this quarter and last quarter is $175 million. We make $100 million a day in this business every single day. And so, I think that we really need to begin to think about what is the model, what are we thinking about and how are we executing in the model. Asset management fee-based revenues, that increase this year, is double the decline of NII. So, we just need to gain a bit of perspective now that we see where sweeps are, that the markets are coming back and that we continue to see asset management fees rise and that is the durable revenue and what we expect to see from this business model as we move forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Glenn Schorr with Evercore.
Ted Pick: Hey, Glenn.
Glenn Schorr: Hi. Hello there. Okay. So, with RWA up 10%, I had assumed that it was trading and client-led with PB balances at record highs and it comes with a bar that's actually down a little bit. So, I'm curious, do you think that ebbs and flows with just the environment, or is there some of the -- your capital plan continue to feed this great client franchise across markets? And I'll just ask the follow-up with it, because I think it goes together better. With all of that, Wealth hasn't -- now that you've made a lot of investments, Wealth doesn't need a lot more capital infusion if you will. Based on how you're going about your capital plan, do you envision any material shifts in literally business mix? We've gotten all very accustomed and used to a big percentage of this company being asset and wealth management. Thanks for both of those.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. Let me take them backwards, Glenn, just so I'll talk to Wealth. Wealth sees a steady -- a very small but steady increase when you look back in history associated with RWAs. And a lot of that just has to do with the lending growth. And as we think about greater household penetration, greater usage of those products by FAs and offering that to our client base, that will probably -- that's kind of where you'll see that capital allocation as we move forward. When you think about ISG though and the RWAs has been implemented in the business there, if you look at the loans and lending commitments, you'll see that where we've actually seen a lot of the growth is really on corporates. And a lot of that underlying is corporates, and all of the FSL, so the FID Secured Lending. That is inherent to the Integrated Investment Bank and the Integrated Firm. We have said over the course of the last two years that we expect this to be a Investment Banking-led recovery. We've also said and we've invested in individuals. And when you think about talent in terms of the Investment Bank more broadly, that's where you're seeing the RWAs being put to work. And that's actually also where you're seeing the results, right? That's where you're seeing an increase in DCM, an increase in different parts of the balance of fixed income coming from more lending durable financing revenue. So, it's very much alongside what we're thinking about the stabilization and the durability of the Investment Bank rather than something that's necessarily more episodic. Of course, it will ebb and flow as you see deals and transactions and that environment for those corporates, but that's how I would think about it broadly.
Ted Pick: Yeah. What I'd add to that is what is important, too, as you look through the metrics, Glenn, is that the revenues in the Investment Bank are up 20% year-over-year and roughly flat down 2% sequentially, but in that same period, the trading bar, the value of risk across the Investment Bank is running flattish. And that is -- in fact, it's slightly down. So, we were able to put up some real operating leverage without taking up the underlying measured risk in the business, which speaks to sort of the type of durable revenue model that Sharon described across our Integrated Investment Bank.
Operator: Our next question comes from Devin Ryan with Citizens JMP.
Ted Pick: Hi, Devin.
Devin Ryan: Hey, good morning, Ted and Sharon. First question on NII in Wealth. Obviously, a lot goes into that, but it would be great if you could maybe speak to some of the second order impacts of lower interest rates that we should be thinking about and maybe some that are a little bit less obvious like changes in margin utilization or securities lending or securities-based loans or even customer engagement with certain types of products or really anything else I'm missing there. Just love to kind of get some more flavor around the implications and how you guys are thinking about the second order impacts on NII as you look out over the next year or so.
Sharon Yeshaya: Yeah. We continue -- as I mentioned, this is the second quarter that we've seen loan growth. I wouldn't -- we've seen stronger quarters. So, this is just the beginning. Basically, there's been a steady increase in mortgages, even though there's the rate hike cycle where it is and the rates were higher. And over time, as rates would come down, you'd expect to begin to see refinancing activity, which will spur lending. You'll also likely see, as you get into tax cycles with asset levels where they are, an increase also in SBL. So, there's -- those lending products have been relatively muted versus the historical basis. And you -- it wouldn't be surprising to begin to see more and more of that activity on the forward.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Great. Thanks, Sharon. And then, just want to come back to the -- really nice quarter you put up in net new assets in Wealth. And you touched on a notable contribution from new clients in advisor-led. And so, I'm just curious if there's anything else you can highlight that supported that momentum with new clients, specifically, whether it's new products or if there's programs internally that you're running to support that because it sounds like it was a catalyst. I'm just curious if that could continue.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. So, specifically on new clients, Devin, I'd remind you a conversation that Jed had when he spoke publicly recently, which was really about what we're doing on stock plan and different ways that we're introducing FAs to new clients. We call them human referrals. It's a place where you begin to think about if someone's calling, for example, into a call center or they've come to a different event, and they'd like to actually be matched with a financial advisor. Remember, we're using technology, different parts of AI and different ways to begin to appropriately match individuals with FAs we think will suit them. That -- those human referrals are double and over 100,000 year-to-date versus what you've seen in the past. So, I think that, that's a place where we've invested in technology. We understand now how to better match and understand individuals and their needs. And we're giving them an opportunity to see the value of the advice on the forward, and that's what you're seeing in those numbers in terms of the net new assets. So, it's really bearing fruit in terms of the investments we've made.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Ted Pick: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Fannon: Hey, good morning. I was hoping you could expand upon some of the strength of activity outside the U.S. Some of the events you cited seem country specific, but can you talk to how you see the rest of the world participating and what you guys have said will be in Investment Banking recovery? And certainly we know the U.S. is focused in terms of the potential cap markets recovery, but curious as how you think about the broader base outside the U.S.
Ted Pick: The Integrated Investment Bank premise that we built over the last 10 years and really intensified over the last five years was that it takes a real local commitment to have a global investment bank. We've made real investments on the continent, for example, in Iberia, in Italy, in France. We continue to be the largest presence actually as tenancy matter in Canary Wharf, so in the UK. So, our European commitment is real across both Investment Banking and increasingly in the markets business. That's in the Investment Bank. But also we have a thriving Investment Management business, LPs, who are well ensconced on the continent, and we're building that integrated capability with alternative solutions and the like. We have been strong, as you know, in Asia for really decades. And that spoke to the power of a global investment banking institution that when we had disruptive events, as Sharon alluded to, in Tokyo and then in China in the last couple of months leading into this quarter, it was important that we have a leading investment banking and markets presence, both in Japan and in Hong Kong and Mainland. So here, the seamless execution will pay off as cross-border M&A intensifies as parts of the world outside of the U.S., where, of course, we have our concentrated bet as a regional matter, to the point you were asking, you see good growth in revenues both in Asia and in Europe. You saw year-over-year growth of almost 25% for the firm in EMEA, Europe, Middle East, Africa, and then 30%-plus in Asia. That speaks to having a local presence such that when the Investment Banking cycle really kicks in and companies wish to engage in strategic activity, which includes, obviously, getting bigger or making a sale and potentially go public locally that we're going to have the kind of presence to transact. So, running the global investment bank is going to pay for years to come. And I would add, by the way, that an important part culturally of what we've done at Morgan Stanley for many years which is bearing fruit, is to mobilize some of our senior talent from one region to another, not just across businesses but across regions, which is important when you have 30 of your 80,000 people outside the United States that they're familiar with our operations in places like India and Budapest.
Dan Fannon: Great. That's helpful. And then, just as a follow-up, within Investment Management, [longer-term] (ph) inflows certainly a positive, but if we look at the backdrop, markets are up significantly year-to-date, revenues have moved modestly, but still have expenses. So, as you think about the asset mix that's coming in the door that's skewed more towards lower fee, whether that's within Parametric or fixed income, how do you expect or how do you plan on improving the overall profitability of that segment as you think about the longer-term trends that are putting more pressure on fees?
Sharon Yeshaya: I'll take that. So, you're right to identify that there is a mix shift as we're seeing different types of flows. I'd also note, though, there are also investments being made when you think about just the expenses to help make sure that we're there to service the clients in terms of where we're seeing the secular growth trends. So, it's an asset story on Parametric. It's an asset story on alternatives. We're investing in both. Both of those are places we see secular growth trends, and we're making sure to be there with -- for our clients. Now alternatives is going to be higher fees, just basic private credit, et cetera, will be higher fees than you might see in Parametric. That being said, I don't see it simply as a fee sort of game, but rather the greater the assets, the more opportunity and the more to be the leader in the space and to continue to attract new capital to seek new opportunities. So, overall, I see it more as a strategy associated with asset building, aggregation and being there to service our clients, but also making sure that we have the capital there to invest. So, things like Parametric, you're going to need to spend money on more market data. You're going to need to build relationships with Wealth. And that's going to cost money on margin in the short term, but it will give us the opportunity for growth as we move forward over the long term.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Ted Pick: Good morning, Brennan.
Brennan Hawken: Hey, Ted, good morning. All right. So, I'm willing to risk the wrath of Sharon here and ask a question on NII. And I totally appreciate it's just a part of the Wealth business, right? So, totally get that. But I thought it was really encouraging to see the end-of-period deposit costs tick down pretty decently quarter-over-quarter. So, maybe is that driven by the fact that you've seen a lot of those deposits shift into like the higher cost and therefore, higher beta products? And so, would that be sustainable? And then, when we're thinking about a combination of that de facto higher beta, the potential for reinvestment tailwinds in the securities book and loan growth, is it too optimistic to think that NII could grow next year?
Sharon Yeshaya: Thank you, Brennan. I appreciate that you do understand the business, and you do understand that there are multiple drivers of this business. I think what you're hitting on is that there are a lot of places that you can still see growth that is not specific only to the deposit mix. So, yes, it's encouraging to see certain pieces. Now, of course, you also had our Fed rate cut in there. So that will continue to bring the cost of certain types of deposits. You think about the beta, the beta will really depend, like you alluded to, also on products. So, things like a savings product will have a much higher beta than something like a sweeps product, which will have a much lower beta. They just -- they are two different products with two different purposes in terms of the dynamics of what they're used for. Now, on the forward, it will, of course, depend on the Fed rate path. There are so many changes that have taken place over the course of the last quarter that make it very difficult to say, well, where will the Fed be, and where will be those investment opportunities. So, where I would sort of point to is there are three pieces that we've always talked about that will drive NII. Two of them are encouraging. That's the growth on the asset side in terms of where you're seeing us being able to actually deploy the capital, where you're seeing people ask for lending opportunities, et cetera, it's growing, it's encouraging. Sweeps, what we know and what we've seen, especially since the first rate cut, is also very encouraging, particularly as historically, if you look back, and I said this in the last quarter call, generally speaking, when you begin to see interest rate cuts, you do begin to see different parts of deposits rise. So, again, an encouraging sign. Where will it be when you think about reinvestment and the rest of NII? That in and of itself is really the Fed. And if we go back a quarter ago, no one -- it was a very low probability to see a 50 basis point rate cut, and lo and behold, we have one. So, why don't we see where we are after the November and December meetings and then restate kind of where we think we'll be over the course of the year just from a rate perspective. But those three building blocks, you know what they are and you know that the two that are under our control or they have to do sort of -- I wouldn't say, under our control, but rather have to do with what our clients are doing. I've told you what I'm seeing from our data, and it's all positive.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. Totally. That's helpful. Thanks, Sharon. And then, for the follow-up, maybe shifting gears a little bit. You spoke to sponsor engagement. We've seen some sponsors actually start to hit the IPO market. Given your strength in ECM and the strong franchise you have there, what are you seeing on the IPO pipeline front? And how should we be thinking about that outlook into next year?
Ted Pick: Well, as you know, the sponsors have roughly $1.3 trillion of dry powder. They have $3 trillion to $4 trillion of portfolio companies in the ground by some measures, 10,000 companies in the ground. And for the first time in close to 15 years there, the deployment is outpacing the fundraising. So, there is a need for that group to move. And they act as a liquidity source, but they also act as a competitive player to our traditional corporate community. I think much has been said about the barriers to entry to be a highly regulated [indiscernible] public company. But I would take the view that there are a whole bunch of great companies that are owned privately that do want to make their way into the public markets. That currency allows them to make acquisitions, to set up long-term compensation plans and like, to go global. So, what I'd expect to see are larger companies going public, having been private for some time, reaching a level that makes them a tougher sale on the private front. There are private alternatives, but the going-public phenomenon is not going away. And I made reference to this earlier, I think there is a going-public phenomenon that will exist around the world, whether it's select countries doing privatizations, whether it's exciting companies that for the first time are reaching global benchmarks. So, I think we're going to see the IPO market slowly work its way back, larger names coming to market. And then, when they do, quite quickly needing the full service suite of a global investment bank, needing the treasury capabilities, needing hedging services, needing the kind of advice at a mid- or large-cap mature company needs, and that, of course, on a global scale is right in our sweet spot. So, I'm bullish on IPOs and M&A coming back. It may take some time. And the size of the companies when they come will be likely larger. So, there will be slower unit volume than the sort of the heyday of post-COVID stimulus and quick listings, but I think these are going to be global mature companies which are going to very much need our advice.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christian Bolu with Autonomous.
Ted Pick: Good morning, Christian.
Christian Bolu: Good morning, Ted and Sharon. On Wealth Management, really nice to see solid loan growth in the last two quarters. Just thinking a little bit looking forward here as rates come down, kind of how are you thinking about maybe longer-term growth? Do you think loan growth can maybe reaccelerate back to pre-COVID levels where we were seeing 20%-plus growth per year, or is that business more mature today with less growth upside?
Sharon Yeshaya: No, I actually -- thank you for the question. I don't think that it's more mature with less upside. I actually think there's more upside to go when you think about the penetration of FAs using those products. So, we used to be sort of in the low-double-digits in terms of that penetration. That's moved up to somewhere in the teens. But we do think that there's opportunity to surpass that higher. And if you look sort of at peers even in similar kinds of channels, so not lending through a commercial bank, but more on the wealth side, those numbers are higher. So, there are certainly opportunities there, Christian. So that's why I appreciate you asking the question. I wouldn't say it's not just on the mortgage side. That certainly can come back. But SBLs have been relatively flat. And it's not surprising. We've talked a lot about the uses of those lines. And especially if rates are low, thinking about how to use those lines to pay taxes, for example, and think about what you're doing from an efficiency perspective with your portfolio as an individual investor.
Christian Bolu: Okay. Very helpful. Thanks. Maybe one more on deposits, Wealth Management deposits again. Appreciate this is maybe a smaller issue now and fading away. But how are you thinking about just the philosophy around deposit pricing within Wealth Management, given some of the SEC scrutiny? And then, maybe any data you can provide around how much of the sweep cash is in the advisory-related assets?
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. So, why don't we just -- I'll take it to sort of, I guess, together but answer it slightly backwards, which is we talked about different pricing changes. And last quarter, we also said that, that was a small portion in terms of where the changes are going to be made. So, it's small. It's in the run rate. You saw it over the course of the quarter, and it was in the results. When we think about deposit pricing, we take a number of factors into consideration. And one of the most important factors that we highlighted last quarter and we've been looking at even through this cutting cycle are competitive dynamics and where competitive pricing is. So that's -- it's the market, and it's also competition. It's the need for deposits and it's where that is on a relative value perspective. So, all of those things that include the customer as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Ted Pick: Good morning, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi, Ted. Hi, Sharon. In your prepared remarks, you guys talked about your prime brokerage revenues were historical -- above historical averages as clients' balances reach new peaks. Can you share with us how much of that is driven by just existing clients or also you're expanding your client base where you're growing that as well? Can you compare the two areas of driving these numbers?
Ted Pick: Well, I think the question is an interesting one because the barriers to entry to scaling a new asset manager are quite high. But we host, as you're aware, our cap intro conference every January down in Breakers. We've done that for decades and continue to draw enormous demand to try to get a slot. Because once you've made it, the platform economics of success and your ability to penetrate various distribution channels enables you to get big quite quickly. So, it's sort of tough to make it, but once you've made it, you can really scale into a large institution. By and large, though, the growth that we've seen across equities to hit the $3 billion mark over the last couple of quarters you've seen has not been consuming additional VAR. It's just staying close to our clients. These results indicate that we've increased wallet with predominantly the existing base. We've done that around the world. And the leverage levels for a lot of these clients in the quantum platform space are actually run close to the typical range for that subgroup. So, we've been able to interact with them in a productive way across not just prime brokerage, but cash and derivatives, too, and then importantly, across the markets business. So, this is part of this Integrated Investment Bank philosophy that you can have folks that are traditional players in one pocket moving across the asset spectrum, and the leadership in the market business has done a great job facilitating that, not just across underliers, but as I mentioned in the past quarter, across regions. And to the extent that there are spin-outs or others, we have a vibrant business now in the Middle East too, in Abu Dhabi, and in Scandinavia in Copenhagen. Those are the two offices we recently opened. And I mentioned them because they are not just great possible for Investment Banking and for our Investment Management business, but they're also very interesting for our markets business, too.
Gerard Cassidy: Very helpful. Thank you. And then just as a quick follow-up, I always appreciate your guys' insights and others that really don't have big exposures to credit. And so, you mentioned that you had charge-offs of $100 million in commercial real estate and corporate loans. Can you give us any color? Again, you're not a big lender like a JPMorgan or a Bank of America, so insights from folks like you, I think, are very helpful. Any color here?
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. Those are largely provisioned for. And so, I think what you've seen is that it's almost as though some of the credit changes have been working themselves through the market. If you look back over the course of the last two years, we've had a lot of conversations, Gerard, specifically talking about CRE. You've had some great questions as it relates to that space. We saw that, that was happening. We provisioned for it. And over time, you will see that likely come through on the other side as charge-offs, and that's kind of where we are at this point in the cycle.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo.
Ted Pick: Good morning, Mike.
Mike Mayo: Hey, good morning. Earlier, you talked about your tech efforts. And so, Ted, as you think about AI, is Morgan Stanley a leader or a close follower, you wait for others to do it? And then, more specifically, what's going on with your partnership with OpenAI? I see a quote here from Morgan Stanley, "OpenAI is perhaps the best example to date of empowering Morgan Stanley with the marriage of human advice and technology." I think you're unique in using OpenAI. So, any color you can provide would be great.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. I'll take it because we continue to do work with OpenAI. In terms of where we are overall on the technology side, Mike, you saw a lot of our products very early, say, almost 10 years ago at this point in time when we did our first tech expo. And we looked at tools that we were using AI and different types of machine learning, et cetera, to give our advisors tools to give them more time to prospect business. As it relates specifically to that partnership, that partnership is going extremely well. We continue to look at new platforms and new applications that we can use with them. And there are new places that we're using AI that we've launched and we've discussed over the course of the last two quarters or so. One is, we, obviously, do have a tool where FAs can use and speak to our research portal, so to speak, and understand that AI will basically read everything and then can help you answer different questions associated with what's already been published in terms of that volume of data. In addition to that, as we've moved forward, we can have tools like debrief where an individual, of course, gaining permission in a meeting can use what they've heard in a meeting through AI translate languages, et cetera, summarize and then be able to send out emails as follow-ups based on the conversations had in those meetings with a draft. Obviously, you have human interaction after in a human overlay, but just gives you the bare bones again to save time for the advisors as we move forward. We're doing that across the institution in different pockets and spaces as part of the -- if we think back to the efficiency work that we started this call with, there will be places where we can use AI to also think through efficiencies. So, it's a balance of understanding where to invest and then how to use that to gain time back from a productivity perspective as we move forward.
Ted Pick: And I also like the -- I like the question because it suggests that there are going to be opportunities where being a fast follower is just fine, where you can take existing capability and make the digitization process easier on a straight cost effectiveness play, where -- to Sharon's comments, where we are really digging in as a, call it, proprietary matter is around the productive efficiency inside of Wealth Management. This entire -- we call it AIMS, as you know, AI @ Morgan Stanley. The AI @ Morgan Stanley Assistant is just the first chapter of what we're going to do across the financial advisor platform specific to our own offering with clients where we think we're going to have some real edge.
Mike Mayo: You say it's the first chapter of what just -- I know this is looking forward, but what could be some other chapters as it relates to AI?
Ted Pick: At our place? Well, it's going to be a tool at the very least that is going to help inform FAs on what is relevant at any given moment under any different -- any given paradigm. They are going to have access to information across a whole bunch of data sets, ongoing conversations and interactions that are going to allow for crisper and more effective conversations with their clients. I think that will take some time to play out. But when you think about it, extraordinarily effective in terms of the interactions when there will be heightened proclivity to activity between the client and the FA, whether it's around an exogenous event or a life event for the FA to be well-equipped to know what types of products and services might be available down the road is something that we think will be part of the embedded offering.
Operator: We'll take our last question from Saul Martinez with HSBC.
Ted Pick: Saul, good morning.
Saul Martinez: Hey, good morning. Hey, you've had a pretty sustained good fee-based asset flow for some time now. And maybe this quarter was a little bit outside -- outsized. And Sharon, you mentioned the trends of advisor-led brokerage moving to fee-based, clients diversifying to alternatives and fixed income instruments or fixed income. Can you just comment on the extent to which you think these dynamics have legs where we are in terms of these dynamics occurring, given the strength in asset prices and equities and rates coming down and what that might mean for your flow expectations and for fee rates?
Sharon Yeshaya: Yeah. I actually really appreciate the question. I appreciate that you took note of the comments that I gave in the prepared remarks, which is what we've been focused on is really migration and understanding migration of assets. So, we look at -- there's brokerage accounts in self-directed, and there's brokerage accounts when you think about on the advisor side. You have an advisor, but you also have a brokerage account, and not everything is in fee-based. The numbers from brokerage is -- those numbers are increasing in terms of what's actually migrating into fee-based. And why I think that's important is we've always said that we would expect -- oftentimes, the way you see net new assets come into the institution, they come in maybe under an advisor or not. But let's say you're in the advisor side, it comes into a brokerage account first. It doesn't go directly into fee-based. And so, it's really the migration of assets coming in and then seeing that pick up, say, oh, I understand that there's a value to advice, and let me now figure out where I'd like to put it in what type of fee-based wrapper, so to speak, that is going. If I go back sort of 10 years or so, it was really only in equities. That's where you saw most of those fee-based advice coming in. Now, that has changed. Over time, we began to talk about fixed income. Remember that had to do some of -- we would talk about fee degradation. We'd say it's not fee degradation, but it's mix and it was mixed into fixed income. Now we're seeing that mix also into alternatives. So that's what's interesting is that there are more products also being offered under the fee-based wrapper that people can begin to think about. And as those products increase, and we have more products than others, we have more tools, more opportunities to people -- for people to invest, we'll see more assets come in, there's more value to advice and there are more places to put it in when you think about the fee-based offering. So, I think that it has momentum, and as you know, those are the durable revenue streams that we expect to gain over time.
Saul Martinez: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks a lot.
Sharon Yeshaya: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you, everyone, for participating. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-16 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to Morgan Stanley's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. On behalf of Morgan Stanley, I will begin the call with the following information and disclaimers. This call is being recorded. During today's presentation, we will refer to our earnings release and financial supplement, copies of which are available at morganstanley.com. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Morgan Stanley does not undertake to update the forward-looking statements in this discussion. Please refer to our notices regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures that appear in the earnings release. This presentation may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent. I will now turn the call over to Chief Executive Officer, Ted Pick.
Ted Pick: Good morning and thank you for joining us. The firm generated $15 billion in revenue, $1.82 in EPS, and a 17.5% return on tangible in the second quarter. [Solid earnings] (ph) and demonstration of operating leverage completes a strong first half of 2024. $30 billion in revenue, $6 billion in earnings, and an 18.6% return on capital. In institutional securities, we're beginning to see the benefits from our continued focus on our world-class investment banking franchise, with revenues up 50% year-over-year, including a 70% increase year-over-year in fixed income underwriting. In institutional equities, we are back with a $3 billion quarter. In wealth, we posted margins of 27%, and across wealth and investment management, we've now grown total client assets to $7.2 trillion on our road to $10 trillion plus. Together, we delivered strong operating leverage. Further, on the back of the annual stress test results, we announced that we will increase the dividend by $0.075 for the third year in a row to [$0.925] (ph), reflecting the growth of our durable earnings over time. During the quarter, we built $1.5 billion of capital, and at quarter end, our CET1 ratio is 15.2%, 170 basis points above the forward requirement. Our capital position provides us the flexibility to continue to support dividend growth, support our clients, and buy the stock back opportunistically. The quarter also showed continued balance in both top-line and profitability across the major segments. Wealth and institutional securities produced $6.8 billion and $7 billion in revenue respectively, with earnings also roughly split between our institutional businesses and wealth and investment management. Our businesses are working closely together to maximize adjacent opportunities across the integrated firm. Across the investment bank, navigating changes in the cycle means being deliberate around risk management and, given geopolitical uncertainty, where we spend our time to deliver clients, solutions, and to capture share. In wealth management, we continue to focus on aggregating assets and delivering strong advice. In investment management, we are investing in secular growth areas, including customization and real assets. Year-to-date, annualized growth in net new assets and wealth management is over 5%, with another strong quarter of over $25 billion in fee-based flows. Strong fee-based flows support daily revenue, which on average continues to be about $100 million each day this year throughout and show the stability and continued growth of the wealth franchise. We are well navigating the continued uncertainty around forward rate path, geopolitics, and now the US Political cycle and expect those to be the themes for the balance of the year. We remain focused on our best-in-class talent and building out best-in-class infrastructure to support ongoing growth across wealth and investment management and institutional securities. I wanted to reiterate our strategy, which is clear to advise individuals and institutions around the world in raising, managing, and allocating capital. World-class execution demands that we deliver strong earnings and returns through the cycle, that we do so while maintaining robust capital levels, and that we deliver on a durable growth narrative across the segments. And then Morgan Stanley executes on this strategy in a first-class way [Blue] (ph). That's it in a nutshell. And finally, in reflecting on this weekend's assassination attempt, we share in the hope that in the months to come, we will as Americans, find ways to unify and preserve our better selves. With that, Sharon will now take us through the quarter in greater detail. Thank you.
Sharon Yeshaya : Thank you and good morning. In the second quarter, the firm produced revenues of $15 billion. Our EPS was $1.82 and our ROTCE was 17.5%. Results highlight the power and scale of our integrated firm. The resilience of the US economy and a more stable near-term outlook on rates supported conviction amongst clients. Institutional securities drove performance, led by strength and equity and a pickup in investment banking. Wealth management also delivered on our established strategy, reporting record durable asset management fees and strong fee-based flows. Together, improved confidence and higher client engagement along with our focus on prioritizing investments, yielded operating leverage, and profitability. The firm's year-to-date efficiency ratio was 72% benefiting from scale and reductions in our expense base. Year-to-date expenses benefited from lower litigation expenses, the absence of back office integration related costs and severance, as well as our dedicated effort to prioritize our current spend. On prioritization, we remain committed to client and asset growth, technology, and targeted investments to ensure robust infrastructure that supports growth and addresses ongoing regulatory expectations. Now to the businesses. Institutional securities revenues of $7 billion increased 23% versus last year, capturing the strengths of the integrated investment bank across US, and international markets. Higher activity in Asia contributed to results. Strong performance in institutional equity, as well as debt underwriting, demonstrate the breadth of our client franchise. In our markets business, opportunities unfolded on the back of global political events and macroeconomic data. Investment banking revenues were $1.6 billion. The 51% increase from the prior year was broad-based. We continue to invest in investment banking across talent and lending, broadening and deepening our global coverage footprint in key sectors, including financials, healthcare, technology, and industrials. These investments are beginning to have an impact as capital markets improve and activity picks up. Advisory revenues were $592 million, reflecting an increase in our completed M&A activity versus the prior year. The pre-announced M&A backlog continues to build and suggests diversification across sectors. Equity underwriting revenues of $352 million improved versus the prior year, driven by increases across most products, but remain below historical averages. From a geographical perspective, we brought a number of transactions to market in Europe and Asia, demonstrating the importance of having a strong global market footprint. Fixed income underwriting revenues were $675 million, well above five-year historical averages. Results reflect a meaningful pickup in non-investment grade loan and bond issuance, as tighter spreads and strong CLO issuance provided opportunities for refinancing. The investment banking backdrop continues to improve, led by the US, the advisory and underwriting pipelines are healthy across regions and sectors. Inflation data has continued to moderate, which has helped stabilize front-end rates and support boardroom confidence and sponsor reengagement. As buyers and sellers make progress to close the valuation gap, we expect that we are still in the early innings of an investment banking rebound. Subject to changes in [rate past] (ph) expectations and geopolitical developments, our integrated investment bank is well-positioned to service our clients. Turning to equity, we continue to be a global leader in this business. Equity revenues of over $3 billion, up 18% compared to last year, reflect strong results across business and regions. Higher client engagement, dynamic risk management, and strength in Asia all contributed to performance. Prime brokerage revenues were strong and increased from the prior year as client balances reached new peaks. Regionally, we witnessed higher client activity in Asia and seasonal patterns in Europe. Cash results increased versus last year, reflecting higher volumes across regions. Derivative results were up versus last year's second quarter as client activity was higher and the business navigated the market environment well. Further, the business benefited from corporate activity on the back of convertible issuances, additional evidence of the integrated firm at work. Fixed income revenues of $2 billion increased year-over-year. Macro performance was up versus the prior year. Despite lower realized volatility, clients were engaged around elections and political events in the quarter. Micro results improved year-over-year, driven by the growth of our more durable revenues as we continue to support our clients with financing solutions. Solid results in commodities were in-line with the prior year. Turning to ISG lending and provisions. In the quarter, ISG provisions were $54 million, driven by certain individual commercial real estate loans. Net charge-offs were $48 million, primarily related to two commercial real estate loans for which we had previously already taken provisions. Turning to Wealth Management. Wealth Management generated strong results generating revenues of $6.8 billion with record asset management fees. Our PBT margin continued to make progress towards our goal, demonstrating our ability to grow and generate operating leverage through the cycle. We are delivering on our differentiated, scaled multichannel asset gathering strategy. Wealth Management client assets reached $5.7 trillion. Moving to our business metrics in the second quarter. Pretax profit was $1.8 billion up year-over-year with a reported margin of 26.8%. DCP negatively impacted our margin by approximately 100 basis points. The margin demonstrates the inherent operating leverage of our asset gathering strategy. We are improving the efficiency with which we run the business. Asset management revenues of $4 billion were up 16%. That is more than $500 million in fees versus the prior year. It's driven by higher average asset levels and the impact of cumulative positive fee-based flows. In the quarter, fee-based flows of $26 billion were strong, marking the seventh consecutive quarter of over $20 billion, bringing the year-to-date fee-based flows to $52 billion. We are seeing a steady migration of assets from adviser-led brokerage accounts to fee-based accounts, evidence that investments in our client acquisition funnel are paying-off. Fee-based assets now stand at $2 trillion. Net new assets were $36 billion reflecting headwinds from seasonal tax payments. Year-to-date, net new assets are $131 billion representing 5% annualized growth of beginning period assets. Net flows will be lumpy in any given period of time and impacted by both the macroeconomic environment and business specific factors. We believe both tax-related outflows and increased spending, particularly among high net worth clients, impacted flows this quarter. Still our first half NNA growth remains solid. Transactional revenues were $782 million. Excluding the impact of DCP revenues were up 5% versus last year. The increase was primarily driven by higher equity-related transactions. Bank lending balances grew by $4 billion to $151 billion evidence that as the macroeconomic backdrop stabilizes, our lending capabilities can be met and can meet our diversified client needs. Total deposits of $343 billion remains stable, with sweep deposits down approximately $10 billion sequentially mostly offset by growth in CDs. Net interest income was down modestly to $1.8 billion reflecting the decline in sweeps, which was largely attributable to the seasonality of tax payments. The Wealth Management business continued to perform well, aggregating assets, generating fees and benefiting from scale and our differentiated offering, consistently earning approximately $100 million a day. In the third quarter, we intend to make changes to our advisory sweep rates against the backdrop of changing competitive dynamics. The impact of these intended changes will be largely offset with the expected gains from the repricing of our investment portfolio. Therefore third quarter NII will be primarily driven by the path of sweeps, and NII could decline modestly in the third quarter. Importantly inclusive of these pricing changes, the rate path and our expectations around client behavior, we believe that NII should inflect higher as you look out into next year. Our Wealth Management strategy is predicated on gathering assets, meeting our clients' lending needs and offering advice. Asset management fees, the core of our Wealth Management strategy, continues to produce strong results reaching a record this quarter. Taken together, we delivered a strong margin, and we continue to work towards 30% margins over time. This quarter, we reached approximately $19 million in relationships across our three channels, and we continue to invest in order to deepen engagement. AI tools are helping advisers grow, and Wealth Management's partnership with institutional securities is increasing connectivity around our workplace offering. These investments have supported flows to our adviser-led channel, where average client duration is nearly 15 years and growing. The steady progress supports our journey towards $10 trillion-plus in total client assets. Turning to Investment Management. Revenues of $1.4 billion increased 8% from the prior second quarter, supported by higher asset management revenue. Asset management and related fees were $1.3 billion up 6% year-over-year, reflecting higher average AUM. Total AUM ended the quarter at $1.5 trillion. Performance-based income and other revenues were $44 million as gains were driven primarily by our infrastructure, US private credit and US private equity funds, reflecting our investments in secular growth areas. We recorded long-term net outflows of approximately $1 billion. We continue to see strong momentum across areas of strategic focus, namely Parametric. Consistent with current industry trends, we saw outflows in our active equity strategies. Our business is well-positioned given strength in areas of secular growth, such as customization, direct indexing and private alternatives. Our continued focus on global distribution combined with our deep structuring and product creation capabilities, should support incremental growth. Turning to the balance sheet. Total spot assets decreased $16 billion from the prior quarter to $1.2 trillion. Our standardized CET1 ratio was 15.2%. Client activity was strong and markets were open. We actively supported clients with a focus on velocity of resources. We also grew our CET1 capital by $1.5 [billion] (ph), reflecting strong earnings and continued capital distribution. The most recent stress test results reaffirm our durable business model and strong capital position. For the third year in a row, we announced a quarterly dividend increase of $0.075. Having generated over $3.85 of earnings per share and an 18.6% ROTCE year-to-date, we enter the back half of the year from a position of strength, with a robust capital base to support clients. Investment Banking pipelines are healthy and diverse, dialogues are active and markets are open. In Wealth Management, strong fee-based flows and the realization of operating leverage continue to demonstrate that our strategy is working. As capital markets become more active, we see opportunities for retail clients to engage and over time deploy their cash and cash equivalent balances into fee-based products. With that, we will now open the line up to questions.
Operator: We are now ready to take any questions. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Glenn Schorr with Evercore. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, there. Thank you.
Ted Pick: Good morning, Glenn.
Glenn Schorr: Good morning. Sharon, I appreciate all the upfront commentary on NII and Wealth. I wanted to drill down a little bit on what you said. So if you have $2 trillion in client assets in advisory and they keep a handful of percent of money in cash, that change you are making in rate paid on advisory -- on deposit in advisory accounts, can add up to like a good amount of money. So I wanted to get a little more sharper focus on what you said about 2025 NII? And then what exactly did you say the offset is on the NII? Thanks.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. Thanks, Glenn for the question. Actually, the portion that -- of the sweep balances that are impacted are as you mentioned, the sweep on the adviser-led channel, which is actually a small portion of the overall BDP that we disclose. So it’s a small portion of that overall stack. And the increase in pricing is being offset largely by the repricing of the investment portfolio, right? So as things mature and that investment portfolio reprices, it's that change in the quarter amount that will offset it when we look ahead.
Glenn Schorr: And is there a particular reason why you only have to focus on repricing in this smaller portion than of the adviser-led channel, meaning not --.
Sharon Yeshaya: Certainly. Yes, what I would note there is that what we think about -- when we think about sweeps, broadly is mainly in transactional accounts. And in those transactional accounts, we have a wide range of choices and products for our clients. And so therefore, they have a lot of options as you think about their transactional accounts and brokerage.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hi, good morning.
Ted Pick: Good morning Ebrahim.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning Ted. Just maybe sticking with NII and more importantly, on pretax margin, right? You had an extremely strong quarter. The stock's weaker this morning, and it has to do with the NII drag on wealth revenues and margin. So one I think, Sharon, your level of visibility into NII, lots of moving pieces around client behavior, maybe we get interest rate cuts. Just give us a sense of, if history is any guide on, what rate cuts would imply for client behavior? Or is there cash to assets that you are looking at that gives you comfort around NII potentially stabilizing post 3Q? And then maybe a question -- go ahead, yes.
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes. So why don't I take that, and then you can ask your second question. So you are pointing at a great point Ebrahim, as we look ahead through time, which was the second point of my guidance, is that when we look over the next year, we’re seeing and we expect that we should see an inflection in NII. And that is predicated on the points that you mentioned, which is that as you see rate cuts, we would expect those balances to stabilize. Remember, outside of the tax quarter this particular quarter, we had been seeing a stabilization in those sweep deposits. So it's important to recognize that, that has been happening, reaching that frictional level of transactional cash. So that would likely continue. And then over time, you would also begin to see a benefit as rates to be cut, that BDP could actually see inflows, which you've seen from a historical perspective. But in addition to that, you have two other factors. One is the repricing of the portfolio, which I've also already mentioned. And the second piece has to do with lending. We look to continue to support our clients with lending products, and you are beginning to also see that potentially reach an inflection. This is the first quarter that we've seen this type of lending growth since the interest rate hikes began. We've seen now use of SBL products rather than just it being offset by paydowns. So those are all encouraging signs when we look ahead over the course of the next year for NII.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That’s helpful. And I guess my second question was, just talking to investors, when we look at the 30% pretax margin target, the question is whether this is aspirational, whether the bar is set too high given how competitive the business is. So remind us in terms of your comfort level on the 30% pretax margin, to the extent you can, the time-line of when we get there? And when we get there, should that be a sustainable pace for the business? Thanks.
Ted Pick: Thanks, Ebrahim. Confidence level, high. If you take a step back, there are three pieces to the Wealth Management line; asset management, transactional, net interest income, as you know. In the asset management context, those are fees that are going to fee-based accounts, advisory-led. Those figures are up 4% sequentially and 16% year-over-year. That is fee-paying advice. Last quarter, the net new assets into that category was $26 billion. So fee-based flows -- that continues to be a growth piece of the Wealth Management store. The second cylinder is transactional. Transactional has been relatively weak, which is a link to general weakness in overall capital markets activity. And as you hear from our bullish commentary with respect to overall corporate finance activity in the investment bank, that will bleed through over time to the transactional line. And then third, the net interest income line. And as Sharon said, that will inflect and should inflect over the next year. You put those together, the scale of the business, the funnel, and the processing of $100 million of revenues a day that continue to grow, we are going to continue to achieve operating leverage. It's that simple. We're investing in E*TRADE. We're investing in the traditional advisor, and we're spending a lot of time top of house focused on workplace, which we think is an enormous opportunity across our corporate and sponsor base. In January, I had said 30% was the goal. We were in the mid-20s. We just printed 27% GAAP, 28% [Ex-CPE] (ph). It's a core stated objective. It will take some quarters to get there, but we intend on achieving it over time as we continue to grow assets and scale in the business.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Ted Pick: Good morning Mike.
Mike Mayo: Hi, Ted, you've said this and Sharon repeated this that the industry is only in the early innings of an investment banking rebound. I have to say we've heard that for a couple of years and there now is this time, why is this time real? Do you expect the rebound to continue through the normally slow summer period before the election? How many years? What gives you confidence that this is for real? And how much is your backlog up quarter-over-quarter?
Ted Pick: It's an excellent question because you're exactly right that a number of folks have been calling for this and it has been sort of a delayed shoots if you will. But I think now we are seeing some tempering of the inflation prints and some normalization rates. We are also beginning along with that to see the market broaden-out. You of course have seen that over the last number of weeks. And I think, we can now expect broader corporate finance activity to quicken, whether that is across the corporate community or sponsors or other institutions. And the early sign of this kind of activity can be seen in the convertibles product. Global convertibles activity is up significantly. And as you know, on the margin ladder, it typically goes converts, IPO, and then M&A. In the context of bake-offs and the like, in some spaces we are seeing bake-offs running at triple plus the year-over-year rate that they were at for sectors and for some of our client groups. We've been seeing now the launch of traditional IPOs and we are seeing M&A pipeline kicking in. So corporate community, sponsor community, cross-border community, I think we are in the early stages of a multi-year investment banking-led cycle. If you believe the economy is going to hold up led by the US, you should expect then to see that if there is some regulatory normalization too across a whole bunch of the sectors that are typically most active. So we are quite convicted on this call.
Mike Mayo: And just one pushback, I mean with interest rates, you know, so much higher than they've been in the past. Don't you think that could get in the way when people are looking to borrow money for deals and the like? Is this a matter of simply waiting for rates to go lower? Or that's not going to get in the way?
Ted Pick: I mean it's a fair question. You've written about this in the context of what was the normal before financial repression, right? And I would take the view that in the context of the last 15 years, even some normalization, because I don't know that we are going to go into a full-blown rate cycle to your point, some normalizations of rates will still have you at 3% or 4% on the front-end and even some steepening potentially. So now we are just back to the old weighted average cost of capital of mid-90s in most normal economic periods. And the game will have to go on because there is just been some activity that has been suppressed by any kind of measure percentage of asset stock percentage of market cap. And the stickiness that we are seeing in the sponsor community, too needs to unglue. There is an enormous, as you know multitrillion-dollar stockpile between the two sides of sitting on inventory that needs to be released and then dry powder that's been raised. That will act as a competitive weapon against the competitive bid from the corporate community that has to contend with the reality of a smaller world with real sovereign risk and real cost of capital differences from one jurisdiction to another. So in short, unless you were to tell me we are going to go into a full-blown recession, which none of us can call, and that even if we saw rates normalize to something that is along the lines of the historic 4% on the front end, I think you will see over the next number of quarters and really over the next number of years, a resumption of more normalized M&A activity, with the key difference being that the financial sponsor community is now institutionally come of age. They have global reach. They can work the entire capital structure. They will work in concert with corporate partners, as you know. They don't actually have to act as a lone wolves, and they can work with us to finance the package. So it is not just the straight M&A advise or the straight IPO, it would also be bespoke offerings in the private public space, interest rate and foreign exchange hedging and the other ornaments on the investment banking tree that a couple of the leading global investment banks can bring. And this is really why, over the last couple of years, the extent we've done a so-called front-office hiring, it really has been to target several very high-quality investment bankers who typically have spent their entire careers at one firm and have decided to come to the Morgan Stanley platform. And we are seeing the fruits of that across industries. So I am quite bullish on it. Certainly take your point that has been a number of quarters on sort of on the promise. But I think as we get into 2025 and the election coming and then the election behind us, we should see that activity continue on a sustainable pace.
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ted Pick : Good morning Dan.
Dan Fannon: Thanks good morning. I was hoping to get a little bit more color on the flows in the quarter within Wealth, maybe the breakdown from the channels and contribution. Last quarter, I think we saw a Family Office be an outsized contributor. But hoping to get a little bit more color on where the flows were sourced in 2Q.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. I'll take that. It's -- we continue to see broad-based sourcing in terms of where those assets are coming from. In this particular quarter, as I mentioned the biggest offset and drag though, is really from taxes. So it's -- you still have a workplace accounts. You still have the advice-based account directly. You still have self-directed. All those places remain contributors. What continues in my mind to be most interesting though, isn't just the contribution that you are getting from the three various channels, but the fact that you have in the advice-based channel, it's not just coming from existing clients, but it's split with existing and net new clients. And some of those net new clients are also relationships that are being sourced from workplace. So I would not just directly focus on what channel is it coming from, but how are you seeing those channel in that interplay work, because that's actually the power of the differentiated platform. Once you have somebody who wants more differentiated advice for self-directed speaks to an advisor, that advisor sees net new clients, bring in assets, and then that's new acquisitions into the funnel and eventually into fee-based. So it's really the whole ecosystem that I would call your attention to, rather than just one isolated leg.
Ted Pick: Which is part of the reason that workplace is so important, because at workplace, I can continue to experience success amongst the corporate and sponsor community that has an affinity effect on the top of the house at those institutions in terms of their own wealth, and then potentially other products around it. So it can be an indirect sale where you aren't necessarily going directly to the prospective client via the FA, but you could actually work potential clients through the institutionalized effect of workplace where we do a great job educating on wellness -- financial wellness and then effectively institutionalizing ourselves by overseeing incentive comp through the Morgan Stanley Solium product and having succeeded on an MS at work mandate, which, as you know is a durable, sticky asset that effectively is seen by the entire employee base, you can start working your way up the funnel to the senior executives of that front.
Dan Fannon: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Brennan Hawken with UBS. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Ted Pick : Good morning Brennan.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning Ted. Thanks for taking my question. I'd like to just drill down a little more to give the second follow-up here on the repricing change that you mentioned in your prepared comments, Sharon. So the repricing that we've seen in the securities book has been slow. So I'm just kind of curious as to why you think that will help offset the repricing actions that you are taking on the deposit side. Is that because it will be a phased repricing, and therefore there is an ability to have the phased benefit in the asset side offset? And then just a nitty-gritty question on it, is the switch going to be to money fund sweep rather than higher yielding deposits, and then that way you can just slowly replace that funding as you see [fit] (ph)?
Sharon Yeshaya: So thanks, Brennan, I'll take that question. No, all the changes that we'll make will happen, are expected to happen in the third quarter. And so those different changes will be made, and they'll be based on various competitive dynamics.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. Got it. And then is the -- is this going to be focused on the advisory relationship similar to what we've seen from some other wirehouse competitors? And could you just -- is it the changes that have been announced by Wells and BofAs, is that what you mean by competitive dynamics? Or is there something else that I'm not aware of?
Sharon Yeshaya: That's exactly as I stated it, and it will just be limited as you said, to the sweeps that are dealt within the advisor-led channel.
Operator: Our next question comes from Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Your line is now open.
Ted Pick : Good morning Devin.
Devin Ryan: Great. Good morning Sharon and hi. The first question, just on -- another one on the GWM flows. Sharon, you mentioned tax season is a factor, which you completely get. But then you also mentioned increased client spending. And I just wanted to drill into that, just whether that's something that could continue, whether it was seasonal or influenced by inflation? Just trying to understand that component of the impact on flows.
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes. I think that's a really interesting question. I did call it out. We've seen increased spending by higher net worth, and so higher income bands are certainly spending. We see that in the data alongside actual spending. We see that in purchases of homes. We see that in various tailored investments. So they are -- that cohort, so to speak, is using its cash in different ways and its various investment in different ways. So I do think that -- that's an interesting dynamic that's playing out. I know that others have mentioned it within their portfolios as well. It's only something we are seeing in our data.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Got it. Thank you. And then a follow-up just on the interplay between Investment Banking and Trading, and I appreciate the commentary on kind of the improving capital markets backdrop, which is great to hear and kind of the expectation from our end that there's going to be a lot more primary issuance in equities, maybe in debt as well as M&A picks up. So just trying to think about what that means for the trading businesses, equities and fixed income and whether you guys feel like we could maybe sustain around these really high levels or even maybe -- even the wallet could move higher just as you get a stronger primary issuance market?
Ted Pick: Well, I know that competitive set will naturally speak to areas where integration can be an asset. Here, we have -- we believe, something really special inside of our Institutional Securities business, our so-called integrated investment bank, which has been ongoing for -- now we are getting on seven or eight years. Now under Dan Simkowitz's direction. And this is a sort of critical facet of business strategy at our place because you have now the appropriate and important relationships that have been built across fixed income, equities and banking through our capital markets new issue business. You have those now having been compounded and advanced by the mobilization of some folks from one division to another. So there is real familiarity now with the work product. A lot of the work product, as you know, is not traditional vanilla IPOs. Yes. There are some on the horizon that are quite substantial, and we'd expect that to be an important part of the calendar. But there is also a more bespoke product, whether it be convertibles or products in the private area or products that effectively necessitate high-quality structuring and advice, and that can only be brought to the boardroom if you have world-class investment bankers who can lean on the expertise of their colleagues, not just in the new issue business but as appropriate, in institutional equities and in fixed income. And if you look at our fixed income business, for example and fixed income underwriting, you'll see that the share gains have been quite extraordinary. And that the year-over-year revenue number, I believe is up 71%. That speaks to the fine work that's been done by folks, not just in the debt capital markets business which is housed inside of our new issue business linked to banking, but also working closely with fixed income professionals, whether they are in the securitized products group and our commodities area broader credit or in our macro space, i.e., interest rate and foreign exchange. So when you get into the knitting of ISG, our Integrated Investment Bank, you see that part of the reason that we are bullish, not just to Mike's earlier question on the denominator, but also on our ability to increase the numerator, is not so much because we think there is a need to deploy a lot more capital. We will do so as appropriate when the markets demand it. But that we are able to get the kind of bespoke advice for clients that comes from the familiarity of our people, the quality of the advice that is differentiated and importantly, that it's global, so that we can bring it to the client base. So that is part of, I think, the secret sauce that we've been working hard on to generate above cost of capital returns, inside the investment bank on a stand-alone basis. And that obviously doesn't include even the synergies that we'd see across the Firm into Wealth and Investment Management. But your question is on the investment bank specifically. And I feel really good about the way it's structured, the leadership that we have within it, the experience set, and then our ability now to tap into this next cycle which will be different than the last one. Rates will be well higher than that of financial repression. We'll be toggling between some bouts of inflation and potential recession. We'll be dealing with the unpredictability going to not only our own cycle, US election cycle, but the world around us. But also the coming of age and the institutionalization of the financial sponsor community, where we have very strong relationships with that leadership group from top to bottom across the Investment Bank, Wealth and Investment Management.
Operator: For our next question, we'll move to Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Steven Chubak: Hi, good morning.
Ted Pick: Good morning Steve.
Steven Chubak: So maybe just starting off with a question just on operating leverage within ISG. Year-to-date, the incremental margins are quite strong, just north of 80%. You spoke constructively on IB and Trading and inflecting positively. Just want to better understand what you believe is a sustainable incremental margin as activity steadily builds especially given some of the growth, at least from here, may skew a bit more heavily towards Investment Banking, which tends to be more compensable.
Sharon Yeshaya: So when you look at it, I would really focus Steve, on the efficiency ratio targets that we put for the whole firm, right? We think that the firm can run at or below the 70% over time through a durable cycle. The issue with your specific question, as you yourself highlighted is, it depends on where those different revenues are coming from. So there might be periods of time where it's higher BC&E related, there might be periods of time where you have different jurisdictions associated with it. But broadly speaking, the enterprise we've given 30% margins as it relates to Wealth and the sort of Wealth and Investment Management space, and then you have the ISG space. So by definition, if you're running at 70% efficiency ratio more broadly, you look for an entire enterprise to run at somewhere of a 30% margin.
Ted Pick: Yeah. The only thing I would add to that is, of course as you know, there is real seasonality in the business. Fixed income tends to have its strongest quarter, street-wide in the first quarter, Investment Banking typically in the fourth quarter. That's not every year, but that's typically out shakes out. Third quarter tends to be weaker in the summer months, and then it's sort of all about September. And obviously, this September will be one that will be driven in part by sentiment around the upcoming elections. So that's kind of the seasonality piece. The other is just the scale within the businesses, I'd be remiss again, not to sort of underscore the importance of having reached $3 billion in the equities business. This has been a leading business where we have been Number 1 and Number 2 for the last dozen years. And we see the clients are much in demand of our services across cash, derivatives and prime brokerage. And then connecting to Investment Banking, I think that business has too hit an inflection point again where they can continue to prosecute high-margin business through the cycle. All of this, of course is dependent on the economy holding up and general asset price levels. But given where we are right now, we are feeling good about that, too.
Steven Chubak: Thanks for that perspective. And just a follow-up on the deposit discussion. Both you and your wirehouse peers announced similar actions on deposits, which you noted, Sharon. You mentioned it was informed by competitive dynamics. But I wanted to better understand if there's any feedback you or your peers had received from regulators that prompted the decision? Because from our vantage point, the timing of these pricing actions at this stage of the rate cycle is simply difficult to reconcile?
Sharon Yeshaya: I'm sorry, Steve, we don't comment, as you know on regular matters.
Steven Chubak : Okay, fair enough. [I had to try] (ph) thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning Ted, good morning Sharon.
Ted Pick: Good morning, Gerard. How are you?
Sharon Yeshaya: Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy: Good. Thank you. You gave us good insights into your thinking about what the capital markets could bring, especially Investment Banking. And I think you touched on it in your comments with Ted, or maybe you Sharon, that the transactional numbers could benefit from a stronger ECM business. Can you then take the next second derivative and share with us from your experience of Solium, should we -- that business pick up the workplace channel, if more of these maybe private equity sponsor companies go public. Should the workplace channel see stronger revenues potentially in a stronger Investment Banking market over the next 12 months to 18 months?
Sharon Yeshaya: I think that's a great question. I know, Gerard a few years ago, you also asked me about different values of those assets associated with what the underlying is. I completely agree with you. As you have workplace assets rise, the value of those client assets rise. New corporations issue their employees more stock. They also grow their employee base. It should absolutely add participants. It should add new corporates. It will add new net flows. And now that we have all of that -- when you just have Solium, now you also have E*TRADE and workplace, and the platforms are integrated. So as those flows -- flow into an E*TRADE account, people can transact on that. And then, as Ted said, we can also offer financial wellness. So absolutely, it helps that ecosystem begin to work.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And just as a follow-up, Ted, if I take a step back, obviously you guys have done a very good job in the last 10 years of growing organically, but then complementing that growth with acquisitions. Once we get the Basel III end game final proposal, maybe some G-SIB relief, can you share with us, as you look out over the next two, three years -- is there any parts of the picture today that you'd like to enhance possibly with acquisitions? Or -- are you good where you are today?
Ted Pick: I will take the opportunity to sort of give a brief view on capital, if I could, Gerard, and link that to potential external opportunities. We anticipated or we believe it was possible that we could have a tougher annual CCAR test, and indeed it was. And what we've prioritized in potential uses of capital, above all things has been dividend policy. And as you know, we are increasing the dividend again to [$0.925] (ph), which at spot offers a 3.5% dividend yield. So that is the continued highest priority on use of capital. If you include of course, use of capital to inorganic opportunity. Second our clients. We have continued to lean in for clients, across the business segments as appropriate, and you see the operating leverage across the businesses, particularly across the investment bank. But we've also thought about the buyback opportunistically and have been buying stock back and returning capital. This past quarter, more than $2 billion between the dividend and the buyback, in a way that has been reflective of offering us that optionality. As we sit here today, we are 170 basis points above the buffer. And importantly, we continue to be in the 3.0 G-SIB buffer, which in one context would normally get much attention, but does get attention in the context of your question, which is sort of forward-looking strategic opportunity. It is worth noting if we can manage to stay at 3.0, assuming the framework holds through whatever Basel brings, that will be our buffer in 2026. So we are [170 basis points] (ph) over and we accreted $1.5 billion this quarter. External, i.e., inorganic, therefore, is something we can think about. It's just not something we're going to think about in the short term. The reality is we've got our forced hierarchy, the forced hierarchy is dividend first, investing in clients as appropriate, achieving operating returns against that second. And then third, the buyback opportunistically. Down the road, two, three, four years out, if opportunities come across the horizon, importantly after we have some definition around Basel and continued potential refinement of what we understand to be inside CCAR formulation, so just general regulatory uncertainty, sure, we might look at stuff. But I would tell you in the short-term, we're very happy with the acquisitions that we've made over the last 10 years, 12 years. And we are determined to generate operating leverage in each of the two major segments; Wealth and Investment Management and the Integrated Investment Bank, and then to obviously hit our efficiency ratios of 70% and the margins and returns that we've talked about.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Saul Martinez with HSBC. Please go ahead.
Saul Martinez: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question.
Ted Pick: Good morning Saul.
Saul Martinez: Good morning. I wanted to follow-up on an earlier question on the outlook for your sales and trading businesses. You've kind of consistently done about into $18 billion to $20 billion of annual revenue in the post-pandemic period, in [fixed and equities] (ph). And right now, we have a backdrop where we're going to see rate cuts, markets are strong, issuance activity may pick up. At the same time, you have perhaps more competition from foreign banks who have lost share. So how do you see -- do you have a view on how you see the wallet evolving for these businesses, your ability to maintain or gain share in this backdrop? And then I guess, ultimately, do you think you can grow revenues here from a base that is materially higher than what it was pre-pandemic?
Ted Pick: I think the answer to that is that we would like to grow share that is durable. We want to grow share in businesses that are connected to the core client base, whether it be global asset managers, the leading alternative asset managers, private equity and private credit players that have come to the floor, and then our lead corporate and sovereign clients. There are products that can be offered. There are very few firms that can do that globally. We continue to have a world-class market space, for example in Asia, where I believe we have the largest equities business. We've been growing the business quite assiduously on the continent in the UK, where our senior management has been putting in a lot of time and attention. And as you know, we have a differentiated joint venture with our friends and partners at MUFG in Tokyo. So if you consider the global footprint of the firm -- in a world that continues to be equities-based. It continues to be an equities world. You see it in the asset price momentum in the US. You see now the potential for that to broaden to more names and more sectors. And that obviously gives opportunity for folks in the stock picking business for example, where we've been very strong traditionally in equities, to do the [cash rise] (ph) and prime brokerage suite that we offer. You could see continued uncertainty based on how the next administration handles the significant macro challenges facing the US, whether you'll see a steeper yield curve, where you'll see activity on the front and to the belly of the curve. That of course, offers all kinds of opportunities for the rates business. And connected to corporate catalyst activity, where, on an M&A acquisition, the acquirer may wish to inoculate themselves from rate or foreign exchange risk, and that's the service that we offer. Again, I like the idea of growing durably inside the integrated investment bank. I like the idea that we are working in sandboxes with the appropriate capital controls around that. But that we are allowing enough breathing space so that when our lead clients are looking to engage in a -- once in every few years catalyst event, that we can fully offer the entirety of the advice and financing spectrum to them on demand. So the answer would be to grow and grow responsibly. I'd like to think we can inch up the numerator along with the denominator, and then you would see that almost imperceptibly over the course of quarters and years.
Saul Martinez: That's helpful. Thank you. Just I guess a quick follow-up, related follow-up. The ROE, 14% in ISG in the first half of the year early on, as you highlighted, in Investment Banking cycle. Do you have a view on where the ISG -- Institutional Securities ROE can get to as the Investment Banking cycle kind of plays out? Is there a view on sort of what a normalized ROE would be here.
Ted Pick: We're still early. We're still early in the cycle. We're watching it of course. To the earlier question on when the green [shoes] (ph) come through on the high-margin M&A product, the reality of seasonality, the uncertainty of rate path, geopolitics, US elections, it's hard to put a pin on what the returns will be in a given forward quarter until we kind of see some normalization in those uncertainties, not to mention some of the regulatory stuff that we are dealing with as we speak, Basel namely. But yes, you're right to point out that we are seeing some real operating leverage in the Investment Bank. And over the course of a number of years, as we think about not just the integrated firm, but the returns generated inside of Wealth and Investment Management. And then we look at the returns inside the Investment Bank, we are measuring that. And we are looking to have that contribute to the overall sustainable 70% efficiency of the firm.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you everyone for participating. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-16 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to Morgan Stanley's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. On behalf of Morgan Stanley, I will begin the call with the following information and disclaimer. This call is being recorded. During today's presentation, we will refer to our earnings release and financial supplements, copies of which are available at morganstanley.com. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Morgan Stanley does not undertake to update the forward-looking statements in this discussion. Please refer to our notices regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures that appear in the earnings release. This presentation may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent. I will now turn the call over to Chief Executive Officer, Ted Pick.
Ted Pick: Good morning, and happy spring in New York. Thank you for joining us. We entered 2024 with optimism, encouraged by improving boardroom confidence and an increasingly positive tone from our institutional and wealth management clients, the quarter was strong. We generated $15 billion of revenue, a 71% efficiency ratio, $2.02 in earnings per share and a 20% return on tangible equity. In a relatively constructive environment, these results highlight the power of our clear and consistent strategy, serving as trusted advisor to our clients, helping them raise, allocate and manage capital. During the quarter, higher asset prices and an improved economic backdrop supported confidence with our wealth management client base. We saw greater activity both in the advisor based and self-directed channels, resulting in higher adjusted margins of 27%. Net new assets grew by $95 billion. Investment Management also generated positive long-term flows in the quarter. Across both wealth and investment management, total client assets grew to $7 trillion advancing toward our $10 trillion goal. As the new issue calendar returned for the first time in a number of quarters, it was great to see us regain our leadership position in equity capital markets. More broadly, we saw building momentum in investment banking, both in our M&A and underwriting pipelines across corporate and financial sponsor clients. [Audio Gap] both generated very solid results to round out a strong quarter in institutional securities. As ever, we remain focused on managing our resources, sweating the income statement and being judicious with our capital. Our CET1 ratio was 15.1%. Our excess capital position allows us to support our clients, invest in our businesses and return capital to our shareholders, particularly as regulators continue to evaluate Basel III endgame. Additional regulatory clarity and a sustained capital markets recovery should have a multiplier effect across our global franchise, further unlocking the unique power of our integrated firm. I wanted to touch on the topic of client onboarding and monitoring in the wealth business with 3 short observations. First, this quarter's wealth management results speak for themselves with record revenues and strong metrics across the board, including strong margins and very strong net new assets. We are really pleased with this terrific performance and we are going to keep ongoing. Second, this is not a new matter. We've been focused on our client onboarding and monitoring processes for a good while. We have ongoing communications with our regulators, as all the large banks do. As James said in January, we want to ensure we continue to be world class in every aspect of this growing business. And third, to be clear, this is about processes. We have been spending time, effort and money for multiple years, and it is ongoing. We've been on it. And the costs associated with this are largely in the expense run rate. To conclude, the first quarter of 2024 aligns with the goals outlined in the January strategy deck: $15 billion of revenue, a 71% efficiency ratio, $2 of earnings, $7 trillion of client assets, and a 20% return on tangible. We have strong backlogs and momentum in every part of the firm. While the pipelines are healthy, there remains a backdrop of economic and geopolitical uncertainty. Our job is to generate these kinds of durable results on a consistent basis. I'm very optimistic what lies ahead for Morgan Stanley. And on behalf of our 2,300 Managing Directors and 80,000 employees, say to those listening to the call, we will deliver an integrated firm to clients and shareholders that is unmatched in both its integrity and in its intensity. Now, I'll turn it over to our excellent CFO, Sharon Yeshaya to discuss the quarter in more detail.
Sharon Yeshaya: Thank you, and good morning. In the first quarter, the firm produced revenues of $15.1 billion. Our EPS was $2.02 and our ROTCE was 19.7%. Our model is working as intended. The first quarter results demonstrate the strength of our scaled business and an improving backdrop. Benefits of durable revenues, particularly asset management fees in the wealth management business, stronger capital markets and a continued focus on managing the full income statement, all contributed to results. The firm's first quarter efficiency ratio was 71%, illustrating the inherent operating leverage in the model and our ongoing efforts to consolidate our expense base following multiple years of integration. Efforts are evidenced by the year-over-year reduction in professional services and marketing and business development spend, lower legal expenses further supported the improvement in efficiency ratio. Now to the businesses. Institutional securities revenues of $7 billion were up 3% versus the prior year, reflecting strong performance across businesses. First quarter revenues underscore the power of the integrated firm as our cross divisional collaboration positioned us to capitalize on market opportunities. The geographical breadth continues to distinguish our franchise and puts us at the center of client activity as the backdrop improves across regions. Investment banking revenues were $1.4 billion for the first quarter, up 16% from the prior year. A pickup in both equity and fixed income underwriting supported results, offsetting the year-over-year decline in advisory. Leading indicators continued to progress positively, including the preliminary reemergence of sponsor activity. Advisory revenues of $461 million reflected a decline in completed M&A transactions. Equity underwriting revenues of $430 million more than doubled versus the prior year as IPO markets reopened for most of the quarter alongside conducive markets for follow-ons. Our global reach supported our ability to lead cross-border transactions, and we regained our premier leadership position in equity underwriting lead tables as global market volumes picked up. Fixed income underwriting increased year over year to $556 million, results were driven by strength in investment grade and noninvestment grade bond issuance as clients took advantage of tighter credit spreads. Looking ahead, we expect the steady build of this business to continue. We are encouraged by the health of the advisory and underwriting pipelines. While the uncertainty of the rate path and geopolitical developments may impact the near-term conversion of pipeline to realized, conditions should improve over time and the underlying trends suggest that confidence is increasing. We remain focused on expanding our reach through opportunistic hires, particularly as we continue to see diverse pipeline and increased sponsor activity. Turning to Equity, we continue to be a global leader in this business. Revenues were strong increasing 4% from the prior year to $2.8 billion. Results were supported by performance in derivatives and cash, and the franchise benefited from the scale of our prime brokerage business. Cash revenues increased year-over-year, reflecting broad based strength in equity markets across the region. Performance in Japan was particularly strong supported by higher volumes. Our increased coverage augmented by our longstanding and unique partnership with MUFG should be supportive over time. Derivative revenues were robust as the business navigated the market environment well and client activity was strong. Prime Brokerage revenues were solid as client balances increased back towards all-time highs on higher market levels. Results reflect the mix of client balances and narrower spreads. Fixed income revenues were $2.5 billion results declined slightly compared to the strong result last year. Recall, last year's result benefited from increased client engagement on the back of idiosyncratic events, including those related to the U.S. regional banks. Client demand for corporate solutions acted as a partial offset, reflecting the strength of our integrated franchise. Macro and micro revenues declined modestly year-over-year on lower volatility and client activity, which resulted in less transactional flow. Results in commodities increased year-over-year, supported by higher revenues in the North America Power and Gas business. Turning to Wealth Management. The business delivered strong results across all key metrics, demonstrating the continued power and differentiation of the engine we have built. Record revenues increased from the prior year to $6.9 billion driven by record asset management fees from both a rising market and ongoing success in migrating clients to advisory relationships to better serve their needs. Transactional revenues, excluding DCP, were also strong as retail sentiment improved alongside institutional investors. Importantly, net interest income remained in line sequentially. Pre-tax profit was $1.8 billion and the PBT margin was 26.3%. Together, DCP and the FDIC special assessment impacted the margin by approximately 115 basis points. The results highlight the inherent operating leverage embedded in the business, particularly as revenues rise on the back of cumulative strong fee-based flows as clients invest more in higher beta assets and transactional activity rebounds. Net new assets for the quarter were strong at $95 billion with contributions from multiple channels including our family office offering. Over time, our ability to deliver unique solutions to clients should continue to attract assets and lead to share capture. Fee-based flows of $26 billion were strong. Within fee-based flows this quarter, we saw particular strength from the migration of assets from the advisor led brokerage accounts to fee-based accounts. This demonstrates that over time, assets migrate through the funnel into recurring revenue generating accounts. Fee-based assets now stand at over $2 trillion. Asset Management revenues were $3.8 billion, up 13% year-over-year, primarily reflecting higher market levels and the cumulative impact of strong fee-based flows. Transactional revenues were $1 billion and excluding the impact of DCP, were up 9% versus the prior year. The first quarter's results were driven by client engagement across products, including record activity in structured products. Investments in our platform allow us to support increased client demand. Bank lending balances were $147 billion, up slightly quarter-over-quarter, reflecting modest growth in mortgages. Total deposits of $347 billion were roughly flat quarter-over-quarter as the decline in sweep balances was offset by continued demand for our savings offering. While sweep balances were down on a spot-to-spot basis, average sweeps were roughly in line with last quarter, broadly consistent with our modeled expectations. Net interest income was $1.9 billion flat to the fourth quarter's results, consistent with our guidance. The moderate increase in average deposit cost was offset by several factors, including the reinvestments of assets at higher market rates. Looking ahead to the second quarter, the deposit mix will continue to be the primary driver of NII. Assuming the current forward curve and that our assumptions around client behavior materialize, we would expect NII in the second quarter to again be roughly in line with the first quarter. Our strategy is working. We have a clear path to $10 trillion in client assets across wealth management and investment management. We remain focused on supporting clients on their path to advice, deepening existing client relationships and using our scaled platform to achieve sustainable 30% pretax profits over time. Investment Management reported revenues of $1.4 billion increasing 7% versus the prior year. Results reflect higher asset management revenues, which increased 8% year-over-year, driven by growth in average AUM on higher market levels. Total AUM increased to $1.5 trillion, long-term net flows were strong at $7.6 billion inflows were driven by strengths in alternatives and solutions and reflect the benefits of our diversified product offering. Within alternatives and solutions, demand for parametric customized portfolios was robust as retail clients, including our own wealth management clients, allocated investments to Parametric's equity based products, underscoring the value of the integrated model. Flows were further supported by global interest in our active fixed income strategies. Liquidity and overlay services had out close of $12.9 billion. Performance based income and other revenues were $31 million. Gains in U.S. private equity and private credit offset lowered accrued carried interest in Asia private equity and real estate demonstrating the benefits of a global diversified platform. We are seeing the benefits of ongoing investments in this business. We remain focused on customization, private credit and our global distribution. Parametric, in particular, has allowed us to deliver the integrated firm, evidenced by the ongoing demand from our wealth management client base. Turning to the balance sheet. Total spot assets were $1.2 trillion. Our standardized CET1 ratio was 15.1%, down 14 basis points from the prior quarter. Standardized RWAs increased quarter-over-quarter as we actively supported our clients in more constructive markets. We continue to deliver our commitment to return capital to our shareholders, buying back $1 billion of common stock during the quarter. Our tax rate was 21% for the quarter. The vast majority of share based award conversion takes place in the first quarter resulting in a lower tax rate. We continue to expect our 2024 tax rate to be approximately 23%, which similar to prior years will exhibit some quarter to quarter volatility. The first quarter is clear evidence that as the backdrop improves, our franchise is strategically positioned to capture upside as it was designed to do. With client assets at a record of $7 trillion across Wealth and Investment Management, we are on strong footing. Our Wealth Management business continues to focus on growth as well as supporting our clients with advice in delivering our differentiated offering, and our institutional franchise is supported by our scale and our global footprint. This combined with the build of the investment banking pipelines and market confidence provides us with momentum to deliver on our objectives over time. With that, we will now open the line up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll move to our first question from Glenn Schorr with Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: I appreciate you not running away from a sensitive subject. I'm going to push the envelope and just ask one follow-up if possible on the wealth matter. I wonder if you could size the non-U. S. wealth piece whether it be in client assets or revenue for us. And correct me if I'm wrong, if that's the focus? And then more importantly, do you think obviously, you had a pretty darn good quarter. So, do you think this impacts any day-to-day or your ability to grow and onboard clients in the future? That's my real main question.
Sharon Yeshaya: I think it's a great question, Glenn. Happy to take that and just follow-up on exactly what Ted said, which is as you said, the results really speak for themselves. This is a phenomenal business. We had record revenues and we're in a great position. We have strong margins, strong net new assets, and no, there are no strategic changes to our business. There is no changes in our ability to do business, and we're extremely confident in our ability to grow and to deepen the relationship with the breadth of firm offerings that we have to serve our clients. Specific to your question on the international business, it is small.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Maybe Ted for you, as we think about, so it was a strong quarter for Investment Banking Underwriting. There seems to be a fragility to the macro outlook based on what how rates have behaved on the back of inflation, geopolitics? Just give us a sentiment check of when you're talking to your corporate clients, like how resilient do you see the investment banking sort of trends and the sort of desire and appetite for corporates to engage in either DCM, ECM or M&A, large M&A activity as we look into sort of later in the year into the U.S. Elections?
Ted Pick: The pipeline is clearly growing. It's growing across sectors. It's growing on a cross border basis. There are some who will be willing to take the regulatory risk at this point in the cycle. And there is activity that we will see both from the financial sponsor community and the corporate community will effectively be bidding with and against each other for assets. This is a moment when most want to purify their business model or grow. And that scaling needs to take place now that the effects of COVID and supply chain are in front of us and geopolitics continue to be on our minds, it is not surprising that the C suite wants to act. So I think we are in the early innings of a multiyear M&A cycle. On the back of that, we should continue to see all kinds of underwriting. What was interesting about this ECM quarter where we had real success was that it was a combination of IPOs from the Valley, capital raises from industrial companies, regional trades, cross border unlocks. It was the whole potpourri of offerings and we've also begun to see the beginning of event financing in the high yield and leverage loan market. So I'm feeling good about this being early to mid-cycle for the classic investment banking capital markets business around the world. And as you know, we are very active in Japan where we think activity will be heightened for years to come.
Ebrahim Poonawala: And just one quick follow-up Sharon, on the wealth management NII and sweep deposits. I think the sense is that we're getting to a bit of a bottom on NII. Is that an accurate characterization? And should we stop worrying about a big cliff event where NII declines meaningfully from where we trended?
Sharon Yeshaya: I welcome the day where I stopped getting questions on NII. I would characterize this, it's now the third quarter in a row that I've said that our suite models and the client behavior is following client expectations. It does feel as though we are reaching that frictional level of cash. Of course we'll have to wait and see how things play out, but broadly speaking it feels as though like I said we are at a place where you have what we would say is inter quarter volatility associated with things that might be T-bills maturing, people putting things in markets. But that again is frictional levels of cash rather than large changes or movements in real client behavior, which is what you saw 2 years ago in the summer when we saw the large move in rates, which was a one off event, and then you had again a very large event with the regional bank movements in the first quarter of last year. So those are very specific events that we can look at and since then, like I said, we have been working with our modeled expectations.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.
Steven Chubak: So maybe just starting off on the expense outlook. We saw some good progress on the expense front and the KPIs are encouraging. Headcount was down year-on-year. Comp and non-comp surprised positively in ISG and Wealth. And I was hoping you could just speak to your efforts to rationalize or optimize the expense base. And with IB and Wealth fees expected to ramp consistent with the M&A commentary, Ted, that you cited, how should we be thinking about incremental margins as these businesses and particularly fees start to grow?
Sharon Yeshaya: Certainly, let's take just the expense big picture and we obviously disclosed the SEC drivers of expenses, I called them out. We've had multiple years now where we've been looking to integrate multiple acquisitions, and as we've come out of that we've been able to reevaluate our expense base. And I've talked about it in different pieces of our earnings call, many times I've mentioned space. You can see even in the lines around occupancy in the actual disclosures, you can see bump ups in spaces where you're taking write offs down in space and then it begins to trend down again. So we're making big picture decisions around what do we actually need and where do we want to invest those growth drivers as we move forward. So consolidating the marketing dollars and figuring out what is the best use of those marketing dollars, consolidating professional services, how do we actually want to deploy full time hires in those growth objectives. So in my prepared remarks, we talked about 2 things. We talked about taking expenses down in certain line items, but we also discussed investments, right. I talked about the fact that we're looking at opportunistic hires in M&A. We've discussed a lot about investing in parametric and technology. We've been giving technological tools to our advisors and investing in the business. So it's a push pull and it's making sure as Ted said that we're sweating the income statement and we're thinking about our resources efficiently and durably as we move forward through the cycle.
Ted Pick: What I'd add to that is if you just sort of had an intangible sense of what we talk about at our leadership meetings, our operating committee of a dozen people and the next group, the management committee of about 3 dozen and then their leadership teams. I think it's fair to say Steve over the last 5 years, a large chunk of time was spent talking about capital efficiency, how we can optimize those toggles and of course with Basel III endgame pending and the annual CCAR process ongoing. We, of course, continue dedicate time to that. But the C change over the last number of quarters and it is accelerated now into 2024 is we're actively talking about the income statement, about delivering earnings growth, earnings momentum that obviously then ties into the returns on capital that we were able to generate this quarter. But we're looking to make investments, strategic investments in top human capital now and then when it comes about, but we're being pretty judicious about that. This is a great platform and we have a great team, but we need to be running this thing super efficiently. And that is why reiterating the efficiency ratio of 70% in January was so important and that we put up 71% this quarter where it was a generally constructive environment. I think I called it a relatively constructive environment, but there's clearly more operating leverage to be had when you get to the higher brackets of ISG and then as you move to the funnel of wealth. So the focus on generating that operating leverage and keeping the income statement really tight is very much on the minds of the leadership team.
Steven Chubak : That's great color. And just for my follow-up, relating to the wealth management margins, unpacking some of the different component pieces, given continued strong fee momentum, nice to see the inflection in NNA too. It sounds like NII is close to stabilizing just given some of the key drivers and inputs. And the focus on efficiency just throwing all of that in the blender does suggest that this 26% is probably a reasonable jumping off point and you can build off that base, but I was hoping you could maybe provide some context around that?
Sharon Yeshaya: Well, what I would say is that we put out our goals in the last strategy deck and we're obviously making progress towards those goals. When you think about what gets you to 30%, the framework that we've offered the investment community is that there is sort of 3 parts to it. The first is migration to advice, the second and really the monetization of the funnel will go through this. The second when you think about it is solutions and products that we're offering, and then the third is the benefits of scale. And what was encouraging about this quarter is that all three of those things happened. The first being the fee based flows that we saw at $26 billion came from brokerage accounts. They came from people taking money that was already in the channel that we said will eventually be deployed, and it is being deployed and that's what you're seeing here. If you look back, it's a, that particular transition, that conversion is at a 2-year peak. Again, encouraging color, Steve. The second piece, solutions, products, differentiated offering. I called out structured products. People have interest in products, as Ted said, as markets begin to improve, those could be new issuance, that can be derivatives, that can be solutions through structured notes. That's what we're seeing beginning to happen here. So yes, again, an encouraging sign. And the third is that we continue to gain the benefits of scale and operating leverage. So all three things are working, of course there is room to run, but what we're trying to do is make sure that we also have the right tradeoffs between investing in the business, giving ourselves room for technology, and being able to build a 30% margin for sustainable business and durable revenues over time.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: I'd love to start with a question on NII. I know I've asked this in the past, but we saw stability in the Wealth Management NII, which Sharon you've spoken at linked about both from this and in fact, but we did see the firm wide NII dip again and it was the fourth quarter where the firm wide NII declined. So could you explain how those diverged and maybe what caused some of that divergence?
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. I think we've talked about it before, Brennan. But I'm happy to talk about it again and highlight that the reason that we point you to the wealth management NII is it's a business driven NII. When we look at the trading NII and we look at firm NII, it really depends on the products that you have, where you're booking them, what you're using as your funding sources. That falls into the various pieces of the trading revenue. So we call, we focus you in from our disclosures really on the wealth management NII when that NII is being driven by a business concept rather than just where you might be booking certain trading trades.
Brennan Hawken: Is there something going on in the institutional NII that would cause sort of steady declines, and with those specific products that maybe might be a trend that we could explore a little bit?
Sharon Yeshaya: No, I would really step you back and tell you that that's not how we manage the business and the trading revenue is going to fall where the trading revenue falls based on the products that we transact in that quarter. And the wealth management revenue, I've given you the drivers with the deposits, with interest rates, with spreads and with reinvestment and really two separate things that you should looking at.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Mike Mayo: You had big year-over-year growth in Wealth Management client assets up by about 20%, but the Wealth Management revenues increased by 5%, still decent growth, but it seems like a little disconnect there. So I'm wondering what kind of wealth management client assets you're growing?
Sharon Yeshaya: Certainly. So when you're growing the wealth management client assets, it's going to be all sorts of places. Like I said, we begin to see assets, they can come in actually in the brokerage side. And over time they will migrate or can migrate based on the client preferences into the advice side. Those different assets are going to have different fees associated with them. For us it's about growing the funnel, Mike, and then beginning to see this movement towards advice. Now I'd also point out that once you're in the advice led channel, even if you're in the fee-based channel, you might not directly be in the S&P. There is a composite, there might be preferences to be in fixed income products, there might be preferences to be in equity products. But for us it's about building sustainable durable revenue over time. First, you bring in the clients and the participants, we've seen the participants grow. Then you bring in the assets. We've seen the assets grow. That then comes into the brokerage accounts, which eventually moves into the advice-based accounts, and we continue to see great trends in the advice driven model, in fee-based assets and the advice the asset management revenues. The asset management revenues, Mike at a record high, so I would just highlight that as well as proof point that this model is working.
Mike Mayo: And then just one follow-up for Ted. Ted, I think your outlook for the industry capital markets was about as bullish as we've heard yet. I think you used the word potpourri. IPOs in the valley, cross border by sector, financial sponsor, Japan, highest in years, event financing, specifically, what are your backlogs? How do they compare with last quarter? And just one more time, the level of your conviction that this time is for real, because there's been a lot of false starts the last 2 years?
Ted Pick: Yes, I think it's a reasonable question. The backlogs are all up. I think it will be a slow march back. People are not going to jump into some of the speculative paper that we saw during the SPAC period clearly. But the receptivity to recent IPOs that were high quality was quite impressive, quite broad interest among investors. The need to execute on cross-border M&A is here. It's for many companies an existential reality. Their supply chains have been disrupted by 2 major global conflicts and they need to near shore and make the trade off, which means they need to potentially bolt on piece of supply chain that's in front of them. They may need to take regulatory risk. There may need to be structuring and financing advice around that so called solutions where we think we're strong. The other motivating piece, Mike, is and I do think there's going to be growing consensus on this. The financial sponsor community is sitting on product that has a 3, 4, 5-year life as a private company ready to come out one way or the other, either through a public offering or to be sold in the private markets. That is the best way for the financial sponsor community to return capital to their LPs and keep the thing going with raising ever big funds. So there will be a competitive dynamic I believe between the financial sponsor and corporate community with respect to assets that are available, whether they are public or private in order to continue to create value for their LPs or shareholders. The fact that the U.S. Economy continues to grow, that China is weaker, that parts of Europe are weaker, highlights the fact that people indeed want to get even more exposure to the U.S. With respect to Japan, what's interesting there is most of our client base are both buyers and sellers of assets, which is to say they're sitting on enormous yen denominated deposits, but they wish to grow the economy. So that is a market obviously where we're active in the financial sponsor and corporate communities both in and out will continue to be. So, I am quite bullish about the full investment bank capability for those that have a global reach. It could take several years and have some lumpiness along the way. But I think the next 3, 4, 5 years will be quite active.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: I'm hoping you could provide an update on overall client cash levels within wealth and how you think about the revenue opportunity as that cash is eventually redeployed?
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. So we did see the percentage of client cash. So we've given you I think 22% in the advisory channel is now down to, say, 21%, 20% levels depending on what channels that you're looking at. But that, I would say, is not a function of the actual cash levels coming down, but rather that the equity markets have risen, so just to be clear in terms of the actual mix. The reason I bring up those percentages is they are still high relative to the pre-COVID historical levels of, say, 17%, 18% that we've given on previous calls. So there is still room to see the deployment of cash over time into the markets.
Dan Fannon: Understood. And as a follow-up, in the release you mentioned about half of the flows came from your family office offering. Not sure we've heard that stat before or so I was hoping you could bring in, some provide some context in terms of the size of that business for you? And then also just the mix of flows more broadly in terms of the channels, if you could provide a few more specifics in terms of the percentage breakdown?
Sharon Yeshaya: Absolutely. I'm so glad you asked, as it relates to the family office offering because we have been talking about it for some time. We launched and we really formally enhanced our family office offering in 2021. We discussed it on some of our earnings calls as a place where you could begin to see the integrated firm, and by that I mean a way to offer our wealth management clients different solutions from institutional securities. So our fund management products, where you're actually able to look at your portfolio from a more integrated basis the way that you would as an institutional client. As we begin to offer new solutions to our clients, these are more ways to get touch points with different and deepen different client relationships and bring them on board. So this is an example of that. The reason we pointed out is also to highlight to you that there are lumpy flows that come through these channels. And so when we say these flows can be lumpy, there are different sales channels across the offering and those different channels have different sales cycles and so therefore you will see ins and outs of various pieces of NNA over time, but in this particular quarter and over the long-term history we have seen a very diversified set of channels. We have the workplace, we obviously have the advice-based relationship, different pieces of stock plan, et cetera that come in through the channel and there is diversification there.
Ted Pick: Yes. What I'd add to that is, to Sharon's point on integrated firm, we have this Sharon made reference to this gem of a business that we have in the institutional equities division called Fund Services, which caters to alternative asset managers and effectively does their documentation work and effectively all of the release to their LPs. The question that has been asked over the last number of years is, when some of these folks go on to open their family office and manage their own wealth? What about having a product that has the feel of an institutional product from when they were running their asset manager for their family office or for related business. So the folks in Fund Services got together with the folks in wealth management who run our outsourced CIO product and they effectively came up with a mousetrap that gives the look of an institutional product for folks who are very much in the ultra-high net worth category. And this helps work towards a piece of the wealth bracket that we've all been focused on over the last number of years, which is the very high net worth space, which is very competitive. But in bringing together some of the capability and kit from the equities business over to the wealth business and have them work together with the founder in her next life managing a family office. It's actually a nice seamless way to keep the funds in house and to deliver institutional style capability to clients. So this is something we are putting our foot on the accelerator on and is a great example of our equities division and the wealth management folks are working hand in glove to deliver something for clients.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Devin Ryan with Citizens JMP.
Devin Ryan: A question just on trading. Obviously, results have just been incredibly resilient at a high level. And I know you all have spoken about both market share opportunities for Morgan Stanley, but then there's still this kind of expansion of the overall industry wallet. So love to maybe just hit on that second point. And when you think about that wallet opportunity, the expansion of the wallet, what are some of the biggest opportunities in kind of the growth out rooms? I think a lot of us are sitting here saying results have been phenomenal. How can they continue to improve from here?
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. I'll take that. When you think about the expansion of the wallet and consider where we came from and where we are now, as more and more of the corporations and coverage of the corporations is becoming more integrated, there are many solutions that a bank such as ourselves can offer, be that from a global perspective, if you think about where rates are as just a tangible example, interest rate hedging that you can offer corporations as they think about transactions. There are different types of foreign exchange transactions that you could think about when you're looking at M&A or you're looking at other corporate deals that you have to do in house for a global franchise. So there are corporate solutions that you see, we expect to see growth in from a wallet perspective, and there's also financing where you have different types of markets and channels that are growing, private credit being an example. We're financing different assets by different types of sponsors are places where we could see opportunities for a wallet share growth more broadly.
Ted Pick: And what I would add to that is, we're in the middle of the PE ecosystem. With respect to M&A financing risk, if you ask a number of the asset managers, both real money and alternative asset managers, they would say we are a partner of choice. So opportunity exists within credit, where there's a big focus on the financing side. It's obviously stable revenue and we're getting after some of the opportunities that lie across fixed income and inside of our new issue business to originate structure, finance credit, of course, a focus on private credit and then in equities to continue to expand our prime brokerage capability and to build out derivatives. So this ecosystem around the financial sponsors who know our firm very well with all of the integrated firm capability, this is a space and a client base that we are focused on along with, of course, our leading strategic clients on the corporate side.
Devin Ryan: And then a follow-up just on the debt capital markets outlook, obviously very strong quarter. We have heard a little bit about maybe some pull forward, just on the year in terms of people front loading. And so, just want to get a sense of whether you feel like that may play down as well for Morgan Stanley. And then when you think about the pipeline for debt underwriting, I appreciate that deals come together quickly, so there's maybe not as much of a formal pipeline. But is the tone there similarly strong is what you're seeing for M&A and equity underwriting? And also appreciate there's probably some interconnectivity there as well.
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes. I would point you to as you said there is interconnectivity. Remember that I think many of the peers have also mentioned there could have been some pull forward that you saw. It's also been a market that's been open over the course of the last 2 years. So I wouldn't draw these same parallel that you might have seen in M&A or in equity where you had a real dearth of activity the last 2 years, but rather that market especially in IG has been relatively open. When you think about high yield and other non-IG kinds of concepts and of course there is the event related transactions, but from an IG market, that market has been well open over the last 2 years.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Ted, you had some very encouraging comments on the outlook for the capital markets, which is great. Question for you, you mentioned about the high yield and leveraged loan market. You're starting to see event financing, which is good. How is the competition from the private credit side because they have made inroads obviously in the last couple of years? Are you guys seeing that the traditional investment banks are gaining some of that market share back?
Ted Pick: The competition is real. And we all need to adapt to stay relevant in the ecosystem. I think there's going to be room for folks in the private space to participate in deals. But I certainly do not believe as some seem to suggest that the global investment banks will not have a large role to play as underwriters of securities and all the benefits that that brings to the issuer versus someone issuing private credit and potentially being the owner over time if things don't go well. So I think we're in a world where the ecosystem will at times have many of the players acting as partners. Sometimes we'll act as counterparties and at times even competitors. But I think the ecosystem has more than enough room on a global basis for both the emerging private credit space, but also the incumbents to continue to be able to do their thing.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And just as a quick follow-up to that, once again your outlook is very encouraging. 10 years up again today, there's talk of it moving even higher. You know, the front end of the curve is talking about higher for longer. If we get into a really higher for longer rate environment, does that kind of weigh on some of the optimism of the outlook that you presented today or no, it doesn't really have a material impact on it?
Ted Pick: Well, it's a great question. It depends on whether rates are higher because they are sustaining continued growth in the U.S. or if they are higher for a period of time and are followed by a tough landing, in which case we're in recession and clearly then things will slow down. I think our view is that the U.S. economy continues to progress quite nicely, that balance sheets amongst our client base are quite strong, both on the institutional side and on the wealth side, and that there is plenty to do and that the higher rates that we see are in part, if not more than in part dictated by a view that we continue to have some inflation and that the economy is in healthy shape and maybe asynchronously relative to other places in the world. But that again speaks to U.S. strength and as you know, first and foremost, we have our activity based in the U.S. But over time, there will be strength in places again like Japan and Europe, and then eventually in the China complex where we will be busy too. So my bullishness is not a mark-to-market on any given week or month. It's a view that corporate boardrooms have been quiet for 3, 4 years and that is not sustainable. They need to move. They're ready to move before the pandemic, then the pandemic came and then there were higher rates. Those higher rates seem to be well absorbed. Yes, now we need to have models that factor in appropriate cost of capital, as we saw in prior regimes where cost of capital matter. And now we're in a period that comes after financial repression, where we'll have some inflation and some real rates and companies and financial sponsors will adapt and the strong companies will prosper. So we are setting up for that and we believe will be a multiyear cycle. And I would say finally that what we're most excited about of course is the model that we are working with both the institutional community, but also our wealth management clients to adapt and to optimize as we move into the next cycle.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you, everyone, for participating. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-16 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. On behalf of Morgan Stanley, I will begin the call with the following disclaimer. This call is being recorded. During today's presentation, we will refer to our earnings release and financial supplements, copies of which are available at morganstanley.com. Today's presentation may include forward looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to our notices regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures that appear in the earnings release and strategic updates. Within the strategic update, certain reported information has been adjusted as noted. These adjustments were made to provide a transparent and comparative view of our operating performance. The reconciliations of these non-GAAP adjusted operating performance metrics are included in the notes to the presentation or the earnings release. This presentation may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent. I will now turn the call over to chief executive officer Ted Pick.
Ted Pick: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. It is a privilege to be with you. Today, I will deliver the annual deck that was a hallmark of James Gorman's 14-year tenure, both to affirm Morgan Stanley's strategy and to provide a level of transparency on our progress that you have come to respect. Let's turn to the slides. Turning first to Slide 3, over the last 15 years, we have transformed the firm's business mix, scale, profitability and returns. If you compare various historical periods, you can see our business evolution. Each period faced its own challenges. In 2009 to '14, Morgan Stanley was a classic self-help story. Transformation began with the acquisition and integration of Smith Barney. The investment bank was reset, and the firm survived the near triple credit downgrade and the euro crisis. In 2015 to '19, we weathered the years of financial repression, resizing our fixed income business and pressing ahead to the top slot in institutional equities. During this period, we also acquired Solium, which was a step toward leadership in the corporate stock plan space. Then in 2020 to '22, the COVID years, we achieved incremental scale in both wealth and investment management with the acquisitions of E*TRADE and Eaton Vance, giving us a leading self-directed platform and pushing forward in investment solutions. During this period, each of the two major business lines -- wealth and investment management and institutional securities generated operating leverage and high returns. Transformed Morgan Stanley today has tripled client assets in its durable businesses with significant opportunities for further growth. Notwithstanding 2023's geopolitical, macroeconomic and industry challenges, the firm's business model generated consistent results. In 2023, firm revenues were $54 billion with $12 billion of PBT, double the averages of 2009 to '14. Our return on tangible common equity was a solid 13%, inclusive of notable items that reduced returns by over 100 basis points. Last year's return profile was tripled the post crisis years. Combined earnings from wealth and investment management generated 60% of the firm's top line and PBT, and our category of one asset gathering strategy sets the stage for continued durable growth. The institutional securities business also grew over the transformation years with an eye to investing in its leading franchises. The objective has been to create an integrated investment bank of investment banking, equities and fixed income to serve leading institutions around the world. Taken together, the Morgan Stanley business portfolio of today has well higher and more stable profitability. The actions we have taken over the last 15 years, organic and inorganic, were all within our core strategic footprint. At its center is acting as a trusted advisor to clients, helping them raise, allocate and manage capital. It is what we do. We are a global leader and we are really good at it. This will not change. Turning to Slide 4, since 2010, revenues and wealth and investment management have more than doubled, and today we are number one in the world among our peers. During the same period, our client assets have more than tripled to $6.6 trillion. We see continued opportunities to drive growth and are steadfast in our goal of reaching $10 trillion in total client assets. In wealth management, we have established ourselves as a leading asset gatherer by expanding our business model across three channels -- advisor led, self-directed and workplace. The business generated $1 trillion of net new assets over the past three years, and we are relentlessly focused on sustainable growth. We expect NNA growth to continue to vary quarter by quarter, given seasonality and even year to year given market tone and the cadence of migrating workplace assets and attracting assets held away. We are nevertheless confident in our ability to continue to grow and deepen our 18 million relationships with the breadth of our wealth management offering. Over time, our ability to track, deepen and retain client relationships with our differentiated platform allows us to drive revenue growth and operating leverage, enabling 30% margins. Given some of the recent macro headwinds in our continued investments for growth, it's reasonable to expect reported margins to consolidate in the mid-20s range over the near term. The underlying business has achieved 30% margins before, and we intend to deliver that return profile again in the long term against a higher base of revenue. Our wealth platform is complemented by investment management, where we've added a number of new capabilities to our strong public market alpha engines. This business is well aligned to key areas where we see secular growth, including customization such as parametric, private markets and value add credit. At a holistic level, the wealth and investment management business has achieved the kind of scale which enables us to invest in what matters most to clients and to take further market share through cycles. Turning to Slide 5. Morgan Stanley's Institutional Securities Group, our Integrated Investment bank is a preeminent global franchise. Our capability set, extensive client footprint and premier brand put us in a position to be the trusted advisor to every important corporation, public or private, asset manager and asset owner. Our teams across geographies, businesses and client segments position us at the center of global capital allocation and formation. Over the last decade, we have advised on nearly $9 trillion in M&A transactions, raised nearly $13 trillion of capital for clients and as indication of our market's presence. In a single trading session last month, our equities business transacted roughly $250 billion of notional value. Our leadership position outside the U.S., acting as a true global investment bank, is critical for the Morgan Stanley franchise. After more than five years managing our integrated investment bank, I'd add that it is clear from client visits around the world that the barriers to entry to becoming a global investment bank are real. Today, there are fewer competitors, and we are one of those very few who can provide the full breadth of capabilities. We expect the next economic and financial cycle to be led by corporate finance activity which will drive investment banking growth, and as such are particularly focused on expanding our 15% world share in that advice driven business. Turning to Slide 6. When you combine our wealth and investment management platform with our leading institutional franchise, you see the power of what we will call the integrated firm. Our capacity to source new client opportunities efficiently facilitates the flow of capital and deliver Morgan Stanley's firmwide Solutions has never been stronger. Looking at the right side of the slide, more specifically, our premier corporate franchise spans every business segment, with clients at the center of everything we do. We cover their broad range of needs, from advising the C suite on strategy, to helping them raise capital and hedge risks, on through to advising the broader employee base through our workplace offering. Second, we have a unique capability to serve individuals who range from self-directed, up through to the ultra-high net worth set and small institutions who sit between the traditional segments. We can deliver best-in-class institutional capabilities paired with sophisticated wealth management solutions in an integrated service model. Third, we continue to invest in our ability to deliver investment and client solutions as we are at the center of financial innovation and growth. Our global integrated investment bank is core to our ability to source and structure customized opportunities for corporations and financial sponsors. Our structuring capabilities are augmented by scaled distribution channels, extending from the largest institutions through the individual retail client set. With a central focus on our clients, we see significant opportunities in delivering the integrated firm. Turning to Slide 7. Ultimately, the firm's success relies on our human capital and maintaining a differentiated partnership culture. With James as Executive Chairman and together with Andy Saperstein and Dan Simkowitz as our Co-Presidents, our highest priority is delivering the integrated firm to our clients. Our shared Morgan Stanley experience, having all lived through the 15-year transformation, gives us a lens into where we come from and where we are going. The intentional mobility of our leadership, engineered by James over these many years, is particularly important. Andy, in his expanded role as head of both wealth and investment management, is well situated to leverage his deep knowledge of retail distribution and products to drive client opportunities across the business. Dan, having successfully revitalized investment management for nearly a decade, is returning to lead institutional securities, where he spent 25 years, will play a critical role in connecting the firm around sourcing opportunities, structuring financing and distributing capital for our clients. Both these gentlemen have burnished the brand and successfully integrated acquisitions. To have James, Dan, Andy as partners to open 2024 speaks to the enduring strength of our culture. Our broader leadership team has worked together since the financial crisis through the strategic transformation and today are unified in advancing toward our goals. The operating and management committees of the firm each have an average tenure of more than 20 years. Long tenure is one element that maintains the strength of a learning culture of serving clients in a first-class way. In addition to backing the Morgan Stanley experience set of our longstanding leaders, we're enhanced by the injection of some key lateral hires and joiners via our acquisitions. Our businesses are supported by a world class technology and infrastructure organization, and by 2,320 talented Managing Directors, 155 of whom we promoted to the partnership last week. Our 80,000 people are what makes Morgan Stanley's culture and drives us to be excellent on behalf of our clients, to be prudent fiduciaries of capital, and to maintain a keen awareness of the road we have traveled to achieve the firm we have today. Turning to Slide 8, in addition to one -- the performance of the business, two -- driving an integrated firm and three -- maintaining our culture, we are four highly focused on the state of our financial capital. Given our deliberate growth and durable earnings over the last several years, our capital position is strong, going to the finalization of Basel III Endgame. Our regulatory requirements, as ventured within our stress capital buffer, have steadily come down since 2020, reflecting the improved resilience of our businesses. With respect to Basel III Endgame, we continue to believe after fulsome industry comment and further evaluation of economic and competitive impacts, that the final rule will result in a well more constructive outcome than originally proposed, particularly as it pertains to matters that are driving our estimated RWA inflation. Looking ahead, we remain committed to the dividend as it is at the core of our business model's durability. While we will toggle among opportunities to support our clients, grow our businesses, and repurchase our stock, the core strengths and strategic decisions of the last 15 years are reflected in our quarterly dividend, which we have grown from $0.05 to $0.85 per share. The continued sustainability of that dividend is paramount. With the firm coming together, we will drive toward our performance goals. Slide 9 reiterates our confidence in them. Our strategy and long-term value proposition remain intact. The four firmwide goals are in place, hitting $10 trillion in client assets, achieving a 30% wealth management pretax margin, a 70% firmwide efficiency ratio, and achieving 20% returns on tangible equity. Our management team is steeled to execute against our priorities to reach these goals. We enter 2024 with confidence, and our base case for the coming year is constructive. There are two major downside risks. The first is geopolitical, that global conflicts intensify and conflagrate. The second is the state of the U.S. economy over the course of 2024. The base case is benign, namely that of a soft landing. But if the economy weakens dramatically in the quarters to come and the Fed has to move rapidly to avoid a hard landing, that would likely result in lower asset prices and activity levels. On the other hand, if inflation in fact has not been beaten back and continues to challenge consumers and supply chain, that could result in a stickier fed and the resulting higher for longer will have to be absorbed in the way of a higher-than-expected cost of capital and the dangers of a bifurcated economy. These risks, the geopolitical and that of the U.S. economy, present some uncertainties as we start 2024. Nevertheless, as we have discussed this morning, the Morgan Stanley of today is meant to perform through the cycle, and based on the evidence we see, our building M&A and IPO pipelines, improving boardroom confidence, and an increasingly positive tone from our retail and institutional clients, we remain constructive on the year ahead. We will execute on our clear and consistent strategy. We have a global business, a world class wealth and investment manager alongside a leading investment bank. The growth opportunities are extraordinary, especially given how our businesses and regions intersect and support the business strategy. We will continue to lead with asset consolidation across wealth and investor management, and remain committed to growing high quality share in institutional securities to consistently deliver our integrated firm to clients around the world. In so doing, we will continue to execute towards our key objectives and to deliver for shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Sharon, who will discuss our fourth quarter and annual results, and then together we'll take your questions. Thank you.
A - Sharon Yeshaya: Thank you and good morning. The firm produced revenues of $54.1 billion in 2023 and ended the year with fourth quarter revenues of $12.9 billion. For the full year, ROTCE was 12.8% and EPS was $5.18, and for the fourth quarter ROTCE was 8.4% and EPS was $0.85. The full year efficiency ratio was 77.2%. A number of factors impacted our annual and quarterly results. The full year results include nearly $900 million of notable items. Over half of these items were reflected in the fourth quarter. A $286 million FDIC special assessment charge and a legal settlement of $249 million were both realized in the fourth quarter. In addition, the full year results include $353 million of severance expenses, primarily related to a May employee action. The combination of these three items negatively impacted full year EPS by $0.44, ROTCE by 105 basis points and the efficiency ratio by 164 basis points. Total integration related expenses for the year were $293 million, nearly 70% of which was related to E*TRADE. With the E*TRADE integration now complete, we remain focused on continuing to manage our expense base, supporting our long-term efficiency goals while still investing in growth. Now to the businesses. Institutional securities' full year revenues were $23.1 billion and quarterly revenues were $4.9 billion. Full year results were impacted by the weak investment banking environment that began with the onset of the hiking cycle and geopolitical events in early 2022, and persisted through most of the past year. Fourth quarter revenues reflected stronger investment banking results and prudent risk management across fixed income and equities. Investment banking revenues were $4.6 billion for the full year. Lower completed M&A transactions followed a dearth of announcements in the back half of 2022 and early 2023, which weighed on results. However, optimism began to rise midyear followed by a notable increase in Morgan Stanley's announced volumes starting in the third quarter and continuing into the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter revenues were $1.3 billion. Results were supported mostly by fixed income underwriting as the investment grade market remained open for regular way issuance and was supported by event driven activity. Advisory revenues have begun to recover versus recent quarters, and were roughly flat year over year. Equity underwriting revenues were also flat as activity remained muted. As we enter 2024, we are positioned to capitalize on the opportunity set, while downside risks are linked to the consumer with the rate path and geopolitics as two key determinants, we expect the US will lead the recovery globally. Corporate confidence will ultimately drive the cycle forward and we are encouraged by signs the CEO and boardroom optimism is growing, evidenced by the build of our advisory and IPO pipeline. Our integrated investment bank is well positioned to capitalize on the recovering backdrop, particularly where the institution works across the businesses with CEOs, CFOs and Treasurers on corporate solutions. Strength and sentiment should support broad M&A and new capital market issuance, and eventually feed through to the broader market activity. Equity full year revenues were $10 billion, reflecting lower revenues across regions. Tempered client engagement was reflective of broad market uncertainty. Revenues were $2.2 billion in the fourth quarter. Prime brokerage revenues in the fourth quarter were solid. Results reflected narrower spreads and the geographic mix of client balances. Cash results declined versus last year's fourth quarter, reflecting lower volumes, particularly in Asia, ex-Japan. Derivative results were up versus last year's fourth quarter as the business continued to grow the client base. Fixed income revenues were $7.7 billion for the full year, declining from 2022 strong results. The full year decline was driven by lower client activity in foreign exchange and commodities, which were impacted by greater uncertainty around the rate outlook and less volatile energy markets. Quarterly revenues were $1.4 billion. Macro performance was down versus the prior fourth quarter. Results reflected fewer monetization opportunities, particularly in Asia compared to heightened engagement in the region last year. Micro was down year over year, driven by lower revenues in credit corporates which was negatively impacted by movements in credit spreads on the back of geopolitical events. Results in commodities were up versus last year's fourth quarter, primarily reflecting improved performance in the power and gas business. Turning to wealth management. For the full year, wealth management's revenues were $26.3 billion and the pretax profit was $6.5 billion, which resulted in a PBT margin of 24.9%. Reported results reflect the complex macro backdrop as well as several idiosyncratic events. The unprecedented rise in the absolute level of interest rates were particularly consequential as the subsequent shifts in client behavior impacted the revenue mix and margin. In addition, there were several expense items that impacted the margin including integration related expenses, the FDIC special assessment, severance charges and the impact of DCP, which saw meaningful swings compared to last year. Taken together, these four items impacted the full year margin by over 250 basis points. Total client assets ended the year at a new high, reaching $5.1 trillion of assets. Full year fee-base flows were $109 billion. These flows and associated fees offset the market levels and changes in interest mix of client portfolios, supporting the year-over-year increase in asset management revenues. Fourth quarter revenues were $6.6 billion, and the reported PBT margin was 21.5%. The aforementioned notable expenses negatively impacted the fourth quarter margin by over 400 basis points. Asset management revenues in the quarter were $3.6 billion, up approximately $200 million from the prior year's fourth quarter. Quarterly fee-based flows were strong at $42 billion, underscoring the value clients are seeing in our advice-based model. Client allocations to higher yielding cash alternatives remained elevated, and clients continue to deploy monthly inflows into equity markets from sweep balances. The eventual return of the new issuance calendar and improved retail sentiment should provide a tailwind as clients look to redeploy into broader asset crosses. Net new assets of $282 billion for the year represented 7% annual growth rate of beginning period assets. Fourth quarter net new assets were $47 billion. For the full year, net new asset growth was driven by the advisor led channel across existing clients, new clients and net recruiting. Transactional revenues in the fourth quarter were $1.1 billion. Excluding the impact of DCP, transactional revenues increased slightly year-over-year as clients invested in structured products and fixed income products. Bank lending balances of $147 billion remain roughly flat, consistent with the environment. Total deposits increased 2% quarter over quarter to $346 billion, driven by continued demand for our savings offering from our wealth management channel and a modest increase in sweep balances. Net interest income was $1.9 billion in the quarter. The sequential decrease was primarily driven by the mix of average deposits and the blended deposit cost in the quarter. Looking ahead to the first quarter of 2024, the deposit mix will continue to be the primary driver of net interest income. The modest sequential build and sweeps was promising and suggests we are nearing a level of frictional sweeps and client accounts. Assuming that the forward curve holds and that our assumptions around client behavior materialize, we would expect NII in the first quarter to be roughly in line with the fourth quarter. Our asset led gathering strategy remains unchanged, and we expect it to deliver margin expansion over time. The path is clear and includes the following objectives -- First, increase relationships through our channels. Second -- migrate assets to advice. Third -- deepen existing client relationships with enhanced capabilities including new products and solutions, and finally, realize scale benefits of our investments over time. These efforts are well underway. In the year, we grew client relationships by over 600,000 across the franchise. This was led by success in the workplace channel, as we continue to win corporate plans and add participants in stock plan. In the prior three years, we saw an average of $50 billion of workplace assets migrate to the investor led -- the advisor led channel on an annual basis. This year, client migration was up 25% year-over-year despite economic headwinds, and on the product side, our financial advisors are offering clients investment opportunities such as private credit, private equity, and all their other alternatives. Bringing wealth and investment management closer together will create greater opportunities for ongoing product creation. As we move forward and transition from integration to optimization for client experience, we expect to see greater scale benefits from our investments over time. Investment management reported full year results of $5.4 billion and fourth quarter revenues of $1.5 billion. AUM increased year-over-year to $1.5 trillion, supported by higher asset values. Long-term net inflows of approximately $7 billion -- excuse me, long term net outflows of approximately $7 billion were driven by headwinds in our [MSIM] active equity growth strategies. Within alternatives and solutions, we continue to see demand for parametric customized portfolios across both equity and fixed income strategies as more retail clients seek customized solutions. Liquidity overlay services had outflows of $6.6 billion. Weaker institutional liquidity flows were partially offset by demand for parametric's overlay product and the combined parametric brand, inclusive of overlay and its retail offering had net inflows of over $5 billion again this quarter, underscoring the strength of our differentiated customized offering. Fourth quarter asset management and related fees of $1.4 billion increased slightly versus last year. Quarterly performance based income and other revenues were $61 million. Gains in U.S. private equity and infrastructure offset losses in real estate, reflecting the benefits of diversification in the franchise. Turning to the balance sheet, total spot assets were $1.2 trillion. Standardized RWAs increased by $13 billion sequentially to $457 billion, as we actively supported clients. We prudently managed our capital profile and ended the year with a standardized CET1 ratio of 15.2%, while focusing on our strategic priorities, including our commitment to return capital to our shareholders. Utilizing the flexibility of our repurchase authorization, we were opportunistic at the start of the 4th-quarter, and we bought back $1.3 billion of common stock. The full year tax rate was 21.9%, reflecting the realization of certain tax benefits earlier in the year. The fourth quarter's tax rate was 26.5%, primarily reflecting the tax implications of a specific legal matter. We expect the 2024 tax rate to be approximately 23%, consistent with prior years, we continue to expect some quarterly volatility. A number of idiosyncratic and macro headwinds added complexity to the backdrop over the last year. Notwithstanding these challenges, we ended the year better than where we started. We now have $6.6 trillion of client assets, and we successfully completed our E*TRADE integration. As it relates to capital markets, boardroom confidence is rising and our calendar is building. We approach 2024 with optimism, keenly aware of the dynamic environment we operate in, as we continue to drive towards our performance goals. With that, we will now open the line up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Your line is now open. Please go ahead. It looks like we lost Dan, we'll move to Glenn Schorr with Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thanks very much. I love how you laid out the picture on the wealth management margin potential. And I do like that sweeps have settled in. So I'm curious, in the big picture, has FA and client behavior changed a bunch on the cash management front such that, that's a potential driver of margin potential and why you're leaning towards that mid-20s near term versus the 30% where we were kind of hanging out when rates were lower end deposits were higher. Is that the primary driver of the margin thought? And do you think behaviors changed like permanently?
Sharon Yeshaya: I can't speak about behavior permanently. But I appreciate the question, Glenn. If we take a step back, it was always an idea, the premise of a sustainable growth in margin was really about ensuring that we continue to see growth in fee-based assets, and we see growth in that migration towards the advice-based channel. And in fact, that is what you've begun to see -- look at our fee-based flows this quarter alone and think about the fee-based flows that we've had over the course of the year. We continue to educate our clients. So when we think through the funnel, we have more participants, we begin to see more assets and then those assets will, over time, migrate to advice. What you point out as we think about the cash and what some might call cash sorting, et cetera, is that we still have that 22%, 23% sitting in cash equivalents, so not necessarily BDP, but rather cash equivalents, that don't necessarily earn a fee, right? Money markets think of a savings product over time, et cetera, that you might see as individuals begin to take that money and deploy it in the markets or deployed into fee-based that will be accretive to the margin over time. And that, to your point, is a place where you should begin to see a margin build and something that becomes more sustainable as we both grow our asset base and grow the advice and the client migration towards advice in those fee-based assets.
Glenn Schorr: Makes sense. I appreciate that. Maybe just a follow-up in wealth, if I could. It certainly doesn't show in your flows this quarter. So I guess I know where you're going to go with this, but you're definitely hearing a lot more from the bank-owned wealth management companies that are turning up the heat a little bit on recruiting and a lot more on their intent to better penetrate their banking while clients wallet. So I'm curious if you feel any of that in your franchise, any of that where you compete and whether or not that impacts your thought process on your ability to attract some of the trillions of dollars held away that is always part of the growth story.
Sharon Yeshaya: So the first point I would say is it's obviously always a competitive market, but we're very well positioned given the tools that we've given to our advisers. A couple of points that I would make to you. The first is when we look forward into the first quarter, that recruiting pipeline is healthy. So when we think about January and what we're seeing, we see the recruiting being healthy. The second point that I'd mention is what I find to be most encouraging when you look under the M&A data, is that we're seeing new clients from the Morgan Stanley. So it's not just attracting assets all the way but rather you're actually getting new clients from those participants. And then you're seeing conversion. So when you think about some of the statistics that I gave you around workplace and we've talked about these statistics, the workplace assets that move over you have 80% of those assets are actually assets that are coming from outside the institution. So you're bringing new clients in, and then they're bringing their assets that are sitting away into the institution. So I think we're well positioned to capture those opportunities. Final point that I'd make is on your banking products, actually, this idea of the E*TRADE integration, right? And we talked about, we've completed the integration, and I said we're looking towards the forward of the front office integration, some of that will be around banking products, et cetera, as we think and we look ahead over a multiyear journey.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. Congrats on the new role, Ted. I was hoping you could elaborate on the current environment and a little bit more and maybe what you see as the biggest opportunities for growth as you look to make progress against the longer-term targets that you've outlined?
Ted Pick: Thanks for your question. I think we -- as you heard from my comments, we're generally constructive about what 2024 brings and it should be beneficial to both arms of the firm. Some of the reorientation of cash equivalents, whether they be in money markets or treasuries and the like that Sharon referred to and redeploy by our wealth clients into the markets, given increasing sense of stability, clearly good for FAs and for the wealth channel. In the investment bank, we've had a decade's long route in IPOs slowest volume we've seen in decades. As you know, we've had very light M&A calendar. So that also has been at a trough sort of early cycle type activity from our highest margin products inside of the investment bank, specifically inside of investment banking, we think, in order to our benefit to. So we quite possibly could have a dynamic where if we are in this soft landing zone, we could see increased activity. Ultimately, we are in the tickets business activity based in both channels and benign economic conditions augur well for both wealth and investment but also for the investment bank. And part of the reason I wanted to talk about the integrated firm today was because the two segments are working together will bring inevitably additional growth opportunities in the firm. We have folks that have mobilized around the enterprise are now in a position to talk to clients across the product spectrum and to bring in additional business. We have a big business, as you know, in Europe and in Asia. So if economic conditions are better than the expected, which is that Europe will struggle in China might as well. If we do any better than that, we would expect to see some increased activity coming out of those regions, too. So it's not just a U.S. proposition but a global one as well.
Dan Fannon: Great. Thank you. And you mentioned margin within the wealth chain or wealth segment will consolidate around the mid-20s here in the near term. Can you maybe unpack some of the inputs that will drive that outcome?
Sharon Yeshaya: Certainly. I worked through that, I think, Dan, when I actually tried to explain it in the script. So the premise in terms of the growing wealth management margin, again, is about the conversion to the advice-based model over time. Of course, individuals will have different pieces, right? But we have three different channels that we've talked about. We've talked about self-directed. We talked about workplace. We've talked about advice. From the self-directive side, we will continue to attract those clients and those that might be interested in advice, we'll see it as we have different ways to give people a sense and a connection to FA. So we've talked about that. On the workplace side, we continue to get new participants, new corporate relationships and that as we educate people with the wellness offering, et cetera. And we've seen evidence of this to bring people yet again to that advice-driven model. And the fee-based flows, as you see those, those will help us grow the asset management line. Then you can break it down again, the transactional line we've talked about, you're going to have new products and you're going to have a deployment of this cash that's been sitting on the sidelines that we've talked a lot about, the dry powder that could impact either the transactional line or the asset management line. And again, we're encouraged by the signs that we're seeing in NII. That too suggests that we are seeing as of right now, it looks like that cash, that frictional level of cash is stabilizing. So I think you have the drivers in each of those lines as we think about the revenue side. And then as you think about the expense side, those we are looking for place to invest and gain from the scale of those investments and that will be a part of the objectives that Ted laid out when you see $10 trillion of assets.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Thanks. Good morning. Welcome, Ted. Maybe just going back to the strategic update, going to Slide 13, where you sort of lay out very nicely the transformation over the last 15 years. As we look forward over the next three to five years. I was wondering if you can help fill in the blanks around strategically, I mean M&A has been a key pillar of this transformation as we think about both organic and inorganic one on the M&A side, give us a sense of just where you see deal making happening over the next few years. We saw a big private asset deal being announced on Friday. And so would love some perspective there. And then I think the second thing you mentioned in terms of wallet share on the investment banking side, if we can unpack that a little bit in terms of how you expect to achieve a greater wallet share. Thank you.
Ted Pick: Thanks. Good to talk to you -- with you. It's an interesting question. You're effectively asking what will over the slide look like three, four years from now. We believe that the revenue mix will toggle around. There could be periods like in 2020 or '21, where the investment bank is really firing on all cylinders. Again, early economy type of activity, and that could grow again towards 50%. And we could have other periods where as we continue to invest in the wealth and investment management piece of the firm, that could expand further. I think where we are right now is a revenue and profitability matter where 60% of the firm is in wealth and investment management is not a bad place to start. I think the main message I want to convey today is that while there is a change in leadership after 14 years of James stewardship, there's not a change in strategy. We have undertaken and integrated, if you really go back into time and then include Mesa West five different acquisitions. And I think the view inside the house is that's good for now. We can execute our business with the growth plans in front of us and it feels organic. Now that having been said, there are ideas that come across the transom and we naturally would take a look. But I think for the next period, the view that I would have is that we really work to grow the organization and to do so organically and efficiently. I think on the margin, one comment might be that we could work on sweating the income statement a bit more. There's a little more work to be done post integration where there could be inefficiencies along the income statement. And I think we are much focused on looking for those efficiencies without giving up any of the strategic investment that we want to make on our way to 30% PBT margins in wealth and 70% efficiency of the firm. The way I've articulated the strategic goals is to effectively reiterate -- we will achieve those goals. But along the way, we will invest, and that investment opportunity exists on the current portfolio in an exciting way. And that is why for me, the most important message we wanted to send out to folks today with this concept of the integrated firm. Now we have the portfolio of businesses together. We have a unified partnership culture. We have the two halves of the firm, will toggle by 5 or 10 points on revenue or profitability given a period of time and now we can scale that organically and hit the numbers and work the income statement a little bit.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Steven Chubak: Hi, good morning. So what I wanted to start off and Sharon with just a question on incremental margins and comp leverage in a lower rate backdrop. We know NII is going to be a source of drag in the coming quarter, certainly if the forward curve manifests, but you should see improved momentum from equity market tailwinds, stronger fee base flows, a better IV backdrop. But the Street is modeling comp dollars flat, revenues up about $2 billion. I'm just trying to get a sense of how we should think about incremental margins as revenue momentum improves but the growth is coming in mainly for more compensable areas.
Sharon Yeshaya: So you obviously did hit the nail on the head in terms of the different pieces, right? So you can't look at the different line items the same way. You're going to have a comp ratio change as FAs get compensated, as you would expect, on the grid associated with those fee-based revenues. As it relates to NII, yes, that was noncompensable as I just told you the expectation on a quarter-over-quarter basis, if client behavior remains unchanged, you are sitting in a position where you're beginning to better understand what that behavior is and that NII will be roughly in line with where it was in the fourth quarter, at least for the first quarter. So yes, the comp itself might change, but the actual growth in the ability to see the fee-based assets grow is higher. There are also other offsetting factors that we have to think about as we look back into the last year. Remember that what I highlighted was you had negative implications associated with mix of revenue in those asset management lines because of the fact that we saw investors invest in the fixed income products. You add market dynamics associated with billing, et cetera. So there is place -- there are rather places that you can see growth in the asset management line. Yes, they will be compensable, but we would see benefits of scale, both from the asset side and hopefully, from the market side as you see different pieces being invested as you move forward. I hope that helps to frame the answer to your question.
Steven Chubak: No, that's really helpful. And just for my follow-up, I was hoping you could just speak to the sensitivity to lower rates. It's a big area of focus for investors. You benefit from having the majority of your deposits in premium savings where admittedly you have bigger pricing flexibility at the same time, the asset side is still very sensitive to the short end. So I wanted to get a sense as to how you expect the NII trajectory to unfold as the Fed begins easing and whether there's any appetite on your side to extend duration to maybe lock in some higher yields.
Sharon Yeshaya: That's a great question. And the answer is fully premised on what we see first with deposits, right? So your sort of first order condition, as you look ahead into 2024 is what happens to the deposit mix. What I said on the call is that we're encouraged in my prepared remarks, we're encouraged by what we've seen to date as the beginning of January. If you were to assume that, that were to hold, the next question is, what is the pace of the interest rate cuts that we see? If you see an instantaneous shock, we disclose to you what that means, right? So an instantaneous 100 basis point shock lower will be negative, around $600 million, right? However, if it was more gradual in nature, which is similar to what you might see in the forward curve, you will have offsets associated with the reinvestment of the portfolio. So that will offset the rate decline, right? We'll largely offset those rate declines. But it will depend first order condition is -- our deposits stable is the mix stable, and that's what we've seen so far. So let's see if that holds. And then second, what is the pace of the cuts over the course of the year.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Devin Ryan: Thanks so much and good morning Ted and Sharon. Maybe just start with a question on investment banking and good to hear about the tone improvement there. Sponsors have been less active than corporates, at least from the data we track, and we know sponsors have record dry powder, but higher interest rates, current valuations have been a little bit challenging for them. So just the question is whether they are in a position to return in force over the next year. I think that's probably going to be necessary for full normalization in investment banking. And then just what you're seeing when you talk about the pipeline that you have, which are good, what are sponsors doing in those pipelines?
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. Overall, the pipeline is more diversified than we've necessarily seen in historical years. We expect to see continued momentum in energy that we've seen over the past year, we see optimistic signs in real estate, and we see optimistic signs in technology. As it relates to sponsors, we would expect sponsors to come back that will obviously take time, and I do think it will likely take a couple of potential prints in certain places and other things that will be encouraging will be on the equity IPO side. What I'd say is we've moved from a period of time that was window driven and that market is beginning to build momentum. And so the juxtaposition between the outlook for '24, I think in '23 is important there as well.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Terrific. And then a question for Ted. So I think you're pretty clear here, the strategic trajectory is not changing dramatically. But we often get the question around stylistically what's changing. And so you have a different background than James. I think everyone has their own management style, and you run some big businesses very successfully from Morgan Stanley. So what could maybe just hit on briefly how you would characterize kind of your style and just the ability to leverage your experience and what may change as a result of that? Thanks.
Ted Pick: Well, I’d say that's a great question. James and I are more -- much more similar than not. He brings to the table a positive mojo to the business from the time that he took over CEO when things were in, as you know, a pretty rough shape and for now in his 15th year of leadership as Exec Chair, he brings a positive spirit to every single interaction that we have, whether it's our operating and management committees, our risk meetings, these calls, client interactions, cultural work with our - with our newbies and folks that are looking to get promoted in the organization. I think that spirit of positivity is something that has been contagious in the organization. It's something that I'm a big believer in and has worked well inside of the trading businesses inside of investment banking, and I think you can feel it throughout the firm. So the reaffirmation of our partnership, our core values and this articulation of the integrated firm, which is the next step now because we went from trying to build our way back to generating the kind of enhanced scale and deep remote through these gutsy acquisitions. That brought us to a place now where we can look around and see how we can bring the firm closer together. I think the tone is one of determination. I've been at this place for more than three decades, and we had our moment sort of before the [abyss] in '08 and I think it's fair to say that the entire senior partnership, James, but also the folks that came through the organization like myself, we are determined to not revisit anything that feels like those days. So the calling card here is durability is consistency. We want to put up consistent results Part of what you see in the strategic deck in the back page, those are very clear numbers, and we will hit them. We will hit those numbers. It will take time. We will have to do all of the three yards and a cloud of dust work associated with a thoughtfully working our way to those numbers such that when we hit them in a normalized environment, which will be part of the next arrow on Page 3 and the years to come, we will have done so in a way where we can achieve full valuation on it because the view will be that they are not only achieved for a moment in time, but sustainable. And that obviously is also the calling card of James tenure, which is that of consistency and durability. So if the first is this positive mojo and the second is this ethos of consistency, rigor durability I think the third, at the end of the day, has been to believe in what Morgan Stanley can aspire to for clients, and that is this integrated firm that we are something differentiated in our two channels very clear on what we do and what we don't do, and that the cycle is very much a tailwind for us.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Christian Bolu with Autonomous Research. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Christian Bolu: Good morning, Ted, and welcome to the call. Good morning, Sharon as well. Maybe Ted, for you, on the trading businesses, Morgan Stanley has suffered some share loss over the last couple of years and your peers have been aggressively allocating capital to that business and gaining share so maybe curious on how you're thinking about opportunities to grow those businesses and any plans to either invest more capital or resources into that business?
Ted Pick: Thanks for the question. Christian, good to hear your voice. I think we know that we have -- we have achieved the top three position in the Institutional Securities business over the last number of years. But as you say on the margin, we have lost share to the number 1 and number 2 and I think our view has been that, that is a trade that we've been willing to make both to continue to toggle the organization to the kind of revenue and profitability mix that you see today. But also importantly, the preservation of capital, which allows us today irrespective of where we are in Basel III end game to have a CET1 ratio that is well above 15%. As you've heard, I am with the team much focused on the durability of the dividend. And so there's been a real focus on what shareholders want and what the business model ought to be for folks that want a durable Morgan Stanley. Now that having been said, what you saw in 2020 was that we can be quite agile about getting capital resourcing to the client base if the tailwinds are there. Part of the proposition of being a global investment bank is that, if, for example, balances start working in the prime brokerage context or is there '21/'22 highs where we're about 10% away from those figures, well, then perhaps capital needs to be put towards equities, namely the prime brokerage business on behalf of clients. There may be other periods where the event space, which was an illusion made on the previous question with respect to activity around financial sponsors, that, that activity may come back because, of course, at some point, these large assets need to trade in the sponsor community is dependent at some level on the street to engage in velocity. So there is no strategic decision at all to withdraw from the investment bank. I think what we would say in 2024 is that it's not really a choice between wealth and investment management or the insured securities business. We will engage in both activities, but we will not be looking to chase the ball simply to have wallet share. The name of the game is to have an income statement that demonstrate operating leverage in each of the two businesses and ultimately, to get to holistic returns. So we are much focused on what the durability of that capital put uses and where we can serve clients over a long period of time. We're paying attention to it very, very carefully. And what I'm most excited about, Christian, is that the cycle that's coming investment banking-led cycle is coming at a time when we spent years putting together, and I know you've met some of these folks are so-called integrated investment bank. What is differentiated about this place is that we have bankers, equities people and fixed income folks who work together. They work together on client solutions. What I'm proposing on our behalf is now we extend that proposition to the firm. We're at -- in the wealth business, the investment management business and inside the investment bank, we can work together around clients ultimately to generate operating leverage and returns. And that is for me, the most exciting part of the next chapter, which is we got the team, we've got the excess capital. But again, I like the excess capital because it's part of what has differentiated us from the group and allows us to weather whatever comes through on a Basel III end game. I would add if, in fact, the Basel III end game outcome is more favorable than perhaps the Street expects. We will adjust accordingly, but we have tools. And part of that is dividend or that's investing in the business. Part of that, obviously, is buying stock back. But ultimately, having a real capital cushion is something that shareholders have come to expect from James, and that's something they should continue to expect for me.
Christian Bolu: Awesome. Very clear, and then maybe another one on Wealth Management margins, unfortunately, maybe for Sharon. I can hear you Sharon very clearly that you think higher revenues will drive margins over time. I guess, but if I guess if I look at the business, 2019 versus today, wealth management revenues are up 50%. This is where they were in 2019, where your margins have compressed. And again, I know there's onetime items in the quarter, on the year, but it doesn't seem to me like bigger revenues have driven operating leverage. So what gives you confidence that going forward, our revenue growth will drive meaningful operating leverage?
Sharon Yeshaya: Really around the conversion. That's why I keep talking about the conversion, Christian. We brought the statistics up last year. We've brought the statistics up again this year in terms of seeing conversion from Workplace about seeing net new assets coming in and then seeing those assets migrate. New clients giving FAs time. All of those things are able to give us more durable asset management-based revenue as we move forward. So to your question, and I think Steve asked a similar question, the NII will fluctuate, obviously, based on rates and on consumer and customer behavior. And so the goal, well, that has been something that we say, don't forget the bank. Don't forget the margin that you'll get from that. Over time, the goal is to have a more sustainable $1 trillion of assets coming through both wealth and investment management, those assets will earn fees to some portion of it, and we see the migration into fee-based, right? We have 50% of advisor-led assets sitting in fee-based accounts. That's the ultimate proposition from seeing an expanded margin and seeing the benefits of scale. And we have invested in workplace. We've invested in getting new channels and getting new participants. The time is now to begin to see conversion, and we have evidence factual evidence that I pointed to on this call to show you that we're making progress towards those goals.
Ted Pick: What I'd add, Christian, is, again, all goals being equally important, we will hit that $10 trillion number. So part of it is to allow for some of this latency, if you will, on assets held away on assets working their way through workplace. It's a space that we are a leader in. It's a space that is relatively embryonic in the wealth business. And we will allow for some time for those assets to convert. But the key, of course, is to have them in-house and then as well to see that folks who are our new workplace customers have assets held away in other existing brokerage accounts that they bring them the firm as well
Operator: Due to time constraints, we'll take just one question and no follow-up going forward from analysts. Our next question comes from Brennan Hawken with UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning and congrats to Ted on the new role. I will -- since I only get one shot at this, I will ask on the long-term targets. So we -- there were some slight changes here. We lost some pluses and we lost a less than on the efficiency ratio, although in fairness, we gained a plus on the client assets. So was that a reflection of these are long-term targets, so I'm guessing it's not really a reflection of the current environment. So what drove the tweak there to maybe signal some reduction in some of the upside scenarios? And how should -- you've referenced the fact that you need the environment to normalize, how should we be thinking about progression towards these targets? And what specific nonenvironmental actions you can be taking in order to move the ball there.
Ted Pick: Yes. Excellent question. And a lot of time given to consideration on pluses and the like. This, for me, was sort of an easy call the page is one that we all own and getting to 30% margins is a number that we want to achieve. And at that level, having hit something that is approaching $10 trillion assets, we're going to be in a really great place. And that would be a reasonable time to say, hey, how about more. And we'd say, okay, well, clearly, we're going to continue to grow assets because the asset number way that TAM is gigantic. James has mentioned, $20 trillion at one point. There are client assets that will keep us busy for many generations to come. Whether the pretax margin of wealth's should go about 30% at that point before or not, I'd like to get to the 30 and I want to get there durably and thoughtfully and the mid-20s is a range that you've seen us trade at the business to work well at, and we believe we can when economic conditions normalize, as Sharon described and as new assets get put to work some combination of money markets and T-bills coming into the market again, workplace coming through the funnel. All three channels working on the back of increased transaction activity and new issues and the like. We should slowly and durably work our way back to 30% The efficiency ratio, as you know, is just another way of saying 30% margins for the enterprise. Now by definition, the investment bank which has more capital and more underlying risk should have margins that exceed 30% over time. So it's fair to say that if we're hitting 30% margins in Wealth Management, we certainly should be at an enterprise efficiency ratio of 1 minus 70%, 30% as well. So 30% plus could be a way of thinking about it, but I wanted to set up numbers where the team knew that they are specific and that we needed to hit them. And then finally, with respect to returns on capital, this gets to the importance of our being stewards of that capital, what we pay out in the form of dividends, what we buy back and durably how we run the place. So we thought that 20% ROTCE which is something we hit during the COVID years. But of course, those were against macroeconomic conditions, which were unusual and highly favorable that we can do 20% in a normalized environment. So this may be on the margin and James liked it too, when we talked about it, stylistically, my view was and the team shares it that 10 trillion of client assets, we should get there and just keep on going. But the other three, effectively in removing the pluses, it's simply reaffirming that those numbers will be hit. We will hit 30% pretax margins in wealth, 70% efficiency ratio for the firm and 20% ROTCE. It will take time. It will be the challenges you would expect in making that happen. And of course, we need economic conditions to line up in a favorable way. But over time, those are the firm-wide goals, and we wanted to be very specific about that for you.
Operator: We'll take our last question from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Mike Mayo: Okay. Well, it looks like you have a heavy lift after following James [indiscernible]. What is your message to the wealth managers and investment managers at half of the company that you haven't run in the past. So you've proven yourself in half the company, that's clearly capital markets and Wall Street banking. But what's your message to the other half of the company at a time when they've had a step down in their -- the growth rates, new asset flows on wealth and outflows in investment management.
Ted Pick: Well, thanks for the question, Mike. The Wealth business is actually in my blood. My dad and my father-in-law were both brokers once upon a time, and I grew up studying that business as a kid. And I think it is absolutely that, which is differentiated on Morgan Stanley during this 15-year period. The ability to integrate Smith Barney and build out something that's truly special is -- has been existentially, as you know better than most, but also thematically exactly what the firm as needed. In no way has it actually worked to the disbenefit of the investment bank. As you know, the history of our -- of our merger '97 was largely about social issues, but the industrial idea wasn't necessarily off at all. to build a world-class wealth manager would be something that would have enormous barriers to entry and have run well and run their first-class way to deliver value to clients in a differentiated manner. And what we have done, thanks to the leadership of Andy Saperstein with Jed Fin and then the investment management business with Dan Simkowitz now moving over to the Investment Bank and [Ben Huneke] and [Jacques Chappuis] running investor management today is we've got effectively the full funnel. We've got the soup to nuts self-directed the traditional advisory channel and this new channel workplace are working as one. I've spent time working some of the chairman’s and hitting a branch here in Midtown and spending some time with folks that are actually making the engine work. And I think it's fair to say that We, at one point, we're calling the wealth and investment management business, the ballast, which was the right word because we wanted to convey durability, but I'd submit to you, Mike, and hopefully, you'll appreciate spirit of which I say this, I think it's actually the engine. I think this will be the engine for further Morgan Stanley growth. If opportunities were to come before us in the years to come, of course, we could staple them on and do something inorganically. As James alluded to, perhaps that would be outside the U.S. where I spent a whole bunch of time but in running the actual organic business as it currently stands, we are truly a group of one. And as you know, having spent time inside the knitting of MS what we're most excited about, Mike, you as a student of corporate culture and these investment banks, I think what you'd be most excited about is just how well we all get along. There is a zero friction in the leadership ranks across infrastructure, across wealth and investment management and across the investment bank. So the beauty of where we are today, is that all of us as shareholders and custodians of the Morgan Stanley idea and the Morgan Stanley culture of first-class business in a first-class way are very much focused on growing both pieces of the firm and is leading wealth and asset manager has a lot more room and will grow, as I said, to the $10 trillion of assets. And at the same time, I don't see any reason why we can't continue to pick up high-quality durable wallet inside the investment bank and generate operating leverage in that business, too.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session for today. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. We thank you again for participating. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-18 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to Morgan Stanley's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. On behalf of Morgan Stanley, I will begin the call with the following information and disclaimers. This call is being recorded. During today's presentation, we will refer to our earnings release and financial supplement, copies of which are available at morganstanley.com. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Morgan Stanley does not undertake to update the forward-looking statements in this discussion. Please refer to our notices regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures that appear in the earnings release. This presentation may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent. I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James Gorman: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thanks all for joining us. As anticipated, the market environment in aggregate remained mixed continuing a pattern we've seen over the past several quarters. Notwithstanding, the net result for Morgan Stanley was regenerated $13 billion, a little over $13 billion in revenues, $2.3 billion in net income, and ROTCE of 13.5%. The concerns around a tight employment market, high commodity prices, inflationary pressures that may impact Fed policy provide additional challenges later in the quarter. But we are seeing increasing evidence of M&A and underwriting calendars that are building and while we expect momentum to continue this year, given the fourth quarter has some seasonal considerations, we expect most of the activity to materialize in 2024. Meanwhile, it's our job to control what we can control. Firstly, we successfully completed the E-Trade integration this quarter. That was a massive undertaking, and the expenses relating to that have been bleeding through the P&L for a couple of years, it involved us migrating 14 million accounts onto our platform and honestly it went incredibly well, really a seamless performance by the team. This conversion allows us to further execute on our strategy, building our revenue synergies across channels, and attracting clients to our best-in-class advice offering. Secondly, on the capital front, we bought back 1.5 billion in stock. We averaged a nearly 4% dividend yield over the quarter, and at the same time, delivered a CET1 ratio of 15.5%, which is 260 basis points over our most recent regulatory requirement. We clearly have a significant capital buffer. Also, you saw the full details of the initial Basel III endgame proposal. As you all know, this is a proposal, not the final regulation. And I'm going to repeat that, it’s a proposal. There is an enormous amount of energy being spent, conversations being had across industry groups and agency board members and I've been deeply involved myself along with Sharon Yeshaya and we've been told many times that the Federal Reserve strongly welcomes comments on this proposal. Given this, I anticipate that the agencies will be open to considering thoughtful changes before it's adopted as a final rule. But let me be crystal clear, because of the buffers we have built, even if this proposal were implemented today as written, we have adequate capital to meet the ultimate requirement. Needless to say there are many years between now and then. In the quarter, wealth management generated net new assets of $36 billion, that's obviously below recent quarters. It's consistent with what I've been saying for a long time. These numbers will bounce around and in any quarterly period, they're always idiosyncratic things. This year we've had two quarters where we had some surprise on the upside and in aggregate for the year, we're totally net new assets of $235 billion year-to-date. Our annualized growth rate is at the high end of the 5% to 7% range that we've been looking at. And it's consistent, in fact, it's spot on with our three-year target of a trillion dollars for net new money. Overall, this firm is in excellent shape, notwithstanding the geopolitical and market turmoil that we find ourselves in. My hope and expectation is to hand over Morgan Stanley with as clean as slate as possible and deal with a few of our outstanding issues in the next couple of months. I'm very excited about the future of this firm, its leadership, its strategy, and its culture. And I'll now turn it over to Sharon, who can discuss the quarter in greater detail. And then together, as always, we'll take your questions. Thank you.
Sharon Yeshaya: Thank you, and good morning. The firm produced revenues of $13.3 billion in the third quarter. Our EPS was $1.38 and our ROTCE was 13.5%. Results in the third quarter were solid against a mixed market backdrop. The firm's year-to-date efficiency ratio was 75%. Together, severance and DCP impacted the year-to-date efficiency ratio by nearly 150 basis points. As we invest for growth, our integration efforts have remained a priority. Integration-related expenses were $68 million in the third quarter, and we anticipate a similar amount in the fourth quarter as previously communicated. Now to the businesses. Institutional securities revenues were $5.7 billion, declining 3% versus the prior year. Equity and fixed income results were in line with long-term historical averages. Investment banking revenues remained depressed on lower volume. However, leading indicators across advisory and underwriting progress positively, evidenced by a notable increase of Morgan Stanley's announced volumes in the third quarter on a year-over-year basis. Investment banking revenues decreased to $938 million. The change to the previous year was driven by lower results in advisory and debt underwriting. Advisory revenues of $449 million reflected a decline in completed transactions, due to lower announced volumes in prior periods. Despite the weaker quarterly results, we continue to see broad sector diversification of our completed deals and the backlog reflects a similar pattern. Equity underwriting revenues were $237 million. Overall activity remained muted relative to historical averages. While increased confidence supported early September issuances, a hawkish tone from the Federal Reserve, and resulting moves in interest rates serve as a reminder that this market remains window-driven. Fixed income underwriting revenues were $252 million down versus the prior year, primarily reflecting lower non-investment grade events. We are encouraged by the growing client dialogue and bake-off activity across sectors and geographies. The pickup in our announced M&A volumes in the third quarter speak to the trends we've observed at the end of the last quarter. But the landscape continues to evolve. As we look ahead, corporate confidence will largely be determined by the overall health of the consumer and the stability of input costs. While risks remain, including geopolitical threats, the underlying trends suggest activity is building and there is a desire among clients to pursue their long-term strategic objectives. Equity revenues were $2.5 billion. The business performed in line with historical averages with relative strength in Europe and Asia. Prime brokerage revenues were solid. Client balances were modestly higher, compared to last year. The results reflect narrower spreads and the geographic mix of those balances. Cash revenues declined versus the prior year on lower overall global volumes. Derivative results increased year-over-year, reflecting higher client activity with particular strength in Europe. Fixed income revenues were $1.9 billion. Micro results increased versus the prior year, supported by strength in securitized products, both in agency and non-agency trading. Macro revenues decreased versus last year's elevated results with lower revenues and rates in foreign exchange. Results reflect lower client conviction, particularly around the future of central bank policy. Commodity revenues increase year-over-year on the back of a constructive trading environment, particularly for oil. Other revenues of $277 million improved versus last year, driven by lower mark-to-market losses on corporate loans, net of loan hedges, and higher net interest income and fees. Turning to ISG lending and provision. The allowance for credit losses in ISG loans and lending commitments increased slightly to $1.4 billion. In the quarter ISG provisions were $93 million. The increase was driven by a continued negative outlook for the commercial real estate sector. Net charge-offs were $39 million, primarily related to one commercial real estate loan in the office sector. Turning to wealth management, revenues of $6.4 billion were strong, an increase from the prior year. The growth of asset management revenues more than offset the cyclical declines in net interest income, underscoring their durability. As designed, our asset led strategy provides steady fee-based flows that support asset management revenues. With this in mind, we remain focused on asset migration into our advisor led channel. This quarter, our long-term strategy took a critical step forward as we completed the last major milestone of our E-Trade integration, successfully converting nearly $900 billion of client AUM onto the Morgan Stanley platform. This will continue to enhance our ability to introduce clients and advisors and seamlessly transition them into advice-based relationships. Moving on to the business metrics in the third quarter, pre-tax profit was $1.7 billion and the PBT margin was 26.7%. Integration expenses, as well as DCP negatively impacted the margin by approximately 150 basis points. Net new assets were $36 billion, bringing year-to-date NNA to $235 billion, which represents over 7% annualized growth of beginning period assets. Net new assets in the quarter were supported by new clients and positive net recruiting into the advisor led channel. The multi-year buildup of assets provide a foundational pipeline into our advisor led channel, evidence by fee-based flows of $22.5 billion in the third quarter alone. Asset management revenues of $3.6 billion increased 7% year-over-year. Higher average assets and the impact of cumulative positive fee-based flows over the past year drove the increase. Transactional revenues excluding DCP were $820 million, up 7% year-over-year. Results reflect opportunistic deployment of new capital by retail clients into alternatives, particularly into private equity and private credit. Bank lending balances roughly flat versus the prior quarter. Growth in mortgages and tailored lending offset paydowns and securities-based lending. Total deposits of $340 billion remain stable, compared to the prior quarter. Still, the deposit mix has shifted as clients continue to allocate rate-sensitive cash to higher-yielding cash alternatives available on the platform, including our expanded savings offering. In addition, the quarter saw consistent positive monthly inflows into equity markets from sweep balances, ongoing evidence of the improvement of the retail client sentiment. Net interest income was $2 billion. The sequential decline reflects a continued shift in the deposit mix. Looking towards the rest of this year, based on where we exited the quarter, we expect NII to trend lower. The magnitude will be a function of our deposit mix and the trajectory of rates. The wealth management business model is focused on steady asset aggregation, delivering strong solutions and advice to clients, while growing durable fees and expanding margin through the cycle. We are continuing to invest in our industry-leading position and the sustainability of our long-term growth. As the backdrop recovers, advisors remain well-positioned to capture greater asset opportunity supported by our multi-channel model that was built to attract new client relationships. Turning to investment management, revenues of $1.3 billion increased 14%, compared to the prior year, supported by higher asset management revenues. Total AUM ended at $1.4 trillion. Long-term net outflows of approximately $7 billion were driven predominantly by headwinds to our [Technical Difficulty] active equity growth strategies, which continue to see redemption consistent with the industry. Including the segment's outflows, year-to-date long-term flows across the franchise were slightly positive. Within alternatives and solutions, we continue to see demand for parametric customized portfolios across both equity and fixed income strategies, a partial offset to the headwinds of the quarter. Liquidity and overlay services had net flows of $5.7 billion, driven by demand for parametric institutional portfolio overlay solutions and our liquidity strategies. Specific to parametric and across the entire franchise, overlay and long-term net flows in the quarter were almost $7 billion, underscoring strong trends in this business. Asset management and related fees were $1.3 billion, up 3% year-over-year on higher average AUM. Performance-based income and other revenues were $24 million, supported by the diversification of our balance sheet light platform. Results were driven by gains in U.S. private equity, offset by weakness in Asia private equity and real estate. Our strategic focus on secular growth areas and the expansion of our global footprint remains in place. Ongoing investments in our businesses, including our market-leading parametric franchise, as well as our continued growth and innovation in private markets, position us well to best serve our clients. Turning to the balance sheet, our CET-1 ratio stands at 15.5%, roughly flat versus last quarter. Standardized RWA has declined sequentially to $445 billion, reflecting our ongoing prudent resource management and market movements at the end of the quarter. We continue to deliver on our commitment to return capital to our shareholders, buying back $1.5 billion of common stock during the quarter. Taken in the context of the mixed environment, we are pleased with the firm's resiliency and our competitive positioning. As clients gain more conviction, we expect our institutional business to capture more opportunities, particularly in investment banking. This increased client conviction will also further support asset growth and wealth and investment management. We will continue to press our advantages and execute on our growth strategies all while currently managing our capital profile. With that, we will now open the line up to questions.
Operator: We are now ready to take any questions. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Christian Bolu with Autonomous Research.
Christian Bolu: Good morning, James and Sharon. I wanted to just touch on wealth management, a bit of a longer-term question here. As you mentioned, you've enjoyed really strong organic growth in that segment over the last few years. But it doesn't appear to be translating to revenue growth. If I look at the wealth management revenues excluding NII, it hasn't really grown in three years, despite gathering significant amount of assets? So curious how you're thinking about the flow through from AUM or asset growth to revenues? And then maybe more broadly how you're thinking about the unit economics of your asset gathering strategy?
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure, actually I think that interestingly enough Christian I'm pretty impressed with the resiliency that we've seen in the business. This is literally the explanation of the funnel that we've talked about. If you look back over the course of the last year alone $260 billion or $235 billion of assets that we've captured. Then look at the fee-based flows, right? We continue to see increased fee-based flows. This past year, if you exclude the asset acquisitions that we had over the last couple of years, we are basically at some of the historical highs of seeing fee-based growth as we move forward. You're looking at times since COVID, where we obviously had very high retail engagement, and you've been able to offset, even with a decline in NII, offset those growths to asset-based, asset management revenues as you move forward. It's that, that we are trying to grow. We're trying to continue to grow our asset management fees over time and make sure that we have the right solutions in place to offer our clients. Now let's take that forward. We have this mixed environment. You have 23% of our retail client assets sitting in cash, that is 5% higher, right, from the 18% on historical averages. We've begun to see retail investors put their cash into markets. The last four months -- in consecutively, we've seen that movement into the market. This quarter alone, we began to see alternative growth in the new products, the growth in transactional revenues. We haven't seen that since the first quarter of 2022 before you started this rate hike cycle. So in my mind, actually the strategy is working pretty darn well, especially if you think about how we've been able to aggregate assets, migrate them into fee-based flows, look at transactional and see that growth -- and see growth in these new products and deliver them to our clients, all while these clients have dry powder to invest as these markets turn.
Christian Bolu: Okay, thanks, Sharon. Maybe my follow-up is just thinking about your ROTCE targets over time of 20%. You know, the quarter is fine, 14% is nothing to sniff at, but it is some ways off that 20%. How should we think about the bridge from here? I know you've mentioned investment banking, but it seems like a fairly small part of your business. So what's the bridge to 20%? How much of it is macro? How much of it is self-help? And for what is macro, what sort of operating backdrop are you looking for? Thank you.
James Gorman: Well, Christian, maybe I take that given Sharon just pummeled you and I want to give you a little bit of a break here. By the way, the only thing I'd add to what Sharon said is when people have a choice of making a 4%, 5% return by doing nothing, they're not going to be trading in the other market. So the actual secondary lines in the revenues of the lowest I've seen for years in the last couple of years as rates do eventually come down, they will come down, I don't think next year, but they'll come down after that. You'll see more activity in that regard and actually you'll see more money go up in the sweep. So interestingly, there's kind of an optimal point where rates are attractive for investors, but not so high they keep them out of the market and not so high that there isn't money kept on sweep. So very different from the checking account phenomenon you see at some of the commercial banks. But back to the 20%, I mean, I just say, as you know, we actually, we were at 20%. So it's not -- this is not a -- this would not be a remarkable achievement. It's a bit like when I first came to Morgan Stanley and people asked me if the wealth management business could generate, in those days 15% margins. And I said, well, there are two people already doing it, so it's pretty obvious it can be done. So we've done it and nothing structural has changed. If anything, the firm's got stronger, we've been investing a lot. I mean, this E-Trade deal was, you know, it was a lot of investment to get that integration done. We decided to keep investing through the cycle on the funnel and wealth, because we think over the next 10-years that's going to pay monster dividends. The integration across all the Eaton Vance platforms, they were never really integrated as one platform across the different, you know, Atlanta, Calvert, Parametric and Eaton Vance and now sorting through all of that, which Dan has done a great job of doing. And then frankly, banking has been really weak. I mean, under a billion dollars is evidence of a very weak calendar and very weak M&A. And the pipeline we saw this quarter was really strong. So I don't think the announcements won't translate into revenues in Q4, but they will in Q1, Q2 next year. So just on the math, I think if we're running about $2.2 billion we'd have to generate about another $700 million net a quarter. Just on the expense management, we could do things on expenses easily, more than we've done. And you could get a couple of hundred million from that. And then on the revenue side, as banking recovers, some of the transaction stuff we just talked about and Sharon pointed out, these assets moving into a pneumatized product. And then I think Fed will move up from this point. You pretty easily get to the 20%. So I appreciate the question and I'm not concerned about that long-term outlook. I think it's -- as it has happened and will happen again and frankly won't be that long.
Operator: We'll go Next to Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thank you. Sharon, first one on wealth management and NII. I mean, the trends I think are in the range of what's been happening across the industry. So not overly surprising. But I'm curious if you could break down even qualitatively how much of that sweep movement is coming in historical mortgage family versus E-Trade? I'm just trying to see what type of client is moving? And then to go back, you piqued my interest, James, in the comment you just made about not next year, but maybe after that. What conditions do you think we need to see for wealth management NII to stable and grow?
Sharon Yeshaya: So let's take the first question, which is the two different types of deposit mix. You're right, you know, from a -- if you think about the self-directed client versus a advisory-based client that we've had in the historical wealth management franchise, one has proven to be somewhat of a stickier deposit base than you would see on the wealth management side. And I think that, you know, on the -- what I would say is the traditional wealth management side that we had historically had. So that does provide you with a sense of what's going on in terms of which client base is seeing that. On the potential growth of NII going forward, again, that's part of the same asset gathering strategy. Some proportion of these assets as they come over, be that into the self-directed or the advice-based relationship, will be held in some sort of transactional cash. So that will be supportive over time of NII to some degree from a deposit perspective. But that also provides us with lending capabilities and opportunities. As you know, Glenn, we've seen tremendous, what we would call, sort of, household penetration in being able to offer new lending products to our various client bases, obviously with the SBL product. But we continue to see mortgages and growth in mortgages even in this right environment for new purchases and homes. As we better understand our client base, we're able to do that more. And actually bringing together this E-Trade acquisition, putting everything on the same portfolio and the same franchise from a technology perspective is foundational and being able to integrate all of those bank relationships and what we used to call the bank rails that E-Trade had for a broader wealth offering that should also help support NII as we look into the future.
James Gorman: I think I don't know. On the second bit, I just think there's an optimal point. I mean, we went from zero rates to 5% in effectively the fastest period since the 60s, early 70s, fastest rate increase. What's remarkable is we haven't had a recession, by the way, but -- and I personally don't think we're going to. But with that, I mean, if you're an advisor and you've got a client sitting on a lot of cash earnings zero, I would hope you're telling them to put it in treasuries or something. So that's exactly what's happened. At around 2% to 3%, it becomes a different kind of discussion. So I think there's a trigger point and you're seeing it across, as you said, the whole industry and that's why you're seeing a different behavior set for people in checking accounts where they haven't gone to buy the money sitting in the checking account. If they're not paying attention, they're still getting, I don't know, 20 basis points or something. So as rates come down, the total cash we have in the book, which is 23%, will be coming down anyway, because it's just -- that's an abnormality related to where rates are right now. As rates come down over the next couple of years, you're actually going to see people much less price sensitive on what they're generating in a return on the cash and just using it as a liquidity account to manage investments going in and out. So I think in some ways we overachieved relative to our particular business mix. So I'm quite encouraged about the future because of that. And think, in fact, you're hearing some of that language coming out of the banks where they said, I forget what the words some of the other CEOs said, but it was effectively the same. They've overachieved in that it's sitting in checking accounts and they're making an enormous amount of money on that, but that's unsustainable. We've overachieved in that rates are so high, everybody wanted to be in cash, earning not cash sitting dormant. I don't know if that makes sense to you, Glenn. By the way I have to say I did love your comment about, you know, Paul talked about green shoots, somebody forgot to water them. I'd give you that one.
Glenn Schorr: That's better than a pummel. Thank you. Onde quick one, maybe I'll get the pummel on this one. I know it's the board decision, but the longer the CEO transition announcement takes place, is there any timeframe where it starts to put more strain on the organization or become a distraction as every reporter in the world is writing on it every day?
James Gorman: Yes, about three years from now. No, wait, listen, Glenn, come on. We said I will not be CEO, I said at the annual meeting I wouldn't be CEO within a year. And I said that for a very simple reason that people didn't believe that I was going to leave because apparently bank CEOs don't. And I said I would and when I say I'm going to do something, I'm definitely going to do it. I would leave at the earliest possible moment that the board feels comfortable making that decision. And I've made that very clear to them. I think they've done a terrific job. Now that you've opened up the question, I'll answer it more broadly. They've done a terrific job. Dennis Nally and the succession comp committee and Tom Glocer, lead director on the board, all the directors engaged, really thorough process. And I don't want to give you an exact time, because that's sort of a spoiler. I already did that apparently talking about Logan Roy once. But we’re -- shall I say we're well into it. And I do believe there are diminishing returns at some point in time. We're not there. The team is doing great. The businesses are moving forward. But yes, I want to get out of the seat and give somebody else a chance to see what they can do with it. And I think there's a lot of things, the growth opportunities in this company, now that we've set it up with so many planks that are solid, you have an abundance of choices. And I just, you know, just look at what we've done with MUFG in Japan, the so-called 2.0 that you know, Ted has been driving with Hero, the CEO of MUFG of taking our Japanese business with them to a completely different level and I think there's a lot of things we can do with them in Japan strategically taking advantage of the turnaround of the Japanese economy. That's just one example. So yes, we're getting close. I'm certainly not a barrier to it. I'm a -- I don't know if the word's enabler, but I'd like to get on with it, and I'll help in the transition as Executive Chairman for a bit, and this place will go forth and thrive.
Operator: We'll go next to Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hey, good morning. I guess, I just wanted to follow-up on something you said, James, around the optimal level of rates, and you talked about NII. But if the Fed were to hike a few more times, or if rates stay at these levels for longer, is there an argument to be made that just structurally the business will be challenged until we get to the other side of the rate cycle, given just client assets probably remain in lower spread products? Just talk to us in terms of how you think about if rates don't get cut, is that a headwind to the business until we get to the other side?
James Gorman: No, I definitely don't think there's a structural issue. I mean, my goodness, the business is generating, I'm talking about wealth 26% margins with the various costs in there, and I think it's 28% Sharon without them. If you'd told me a few years ago, I mean, I thought we'd get to 28%, but pretty much nobody else in the world did. So, no, there's no structural issue here -- there. I'm just saying as a -- and I do think if, at the risk of making prediction, I suspect the Fed will do one more rate increase at some, you know, by the end of the year, I guess November. But that's likely to be it. And I do not expect the Fed to cut rates in 2024, but I do expect going forward after that. So given that, we're talking about 12-months. The cash is largely moved. It's moved, you know, on the margin you're going to have a little bit of NII impact over the next 12-months, but that's really not the real game. The real game is go forward after that. So, and the minute you see the Fed indicate they've stopped raising rates, the M&A and underwriting calendar will explode, because there is enormous pent-up activity. But Boards of directors are sitting there and saying, until we understand the cost of financing, it is very difficult to pull the trigger on some of these capital transactions. So I think you're heading into, and unfortunately I'm not going to be around to enjoy it, but you're heading into a really good patch here. And I don't know if it's six months out or nine months out or it starts three months out, but this thing is going to start turning and then rates will be the kick when they start coming down. And as I said people will be less focused on cash and accounts and more focused on investment opportunities, that's when you're going to see the double kicker.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. I guess a good time for you to hand off. Your successor will be thanking you for that. But a quick question…
James Gorman: I hope so.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I think, Sharon, you mentioned about focus on secular growth, I think international expansion, E-Trade is done now. I'm assuming you're not doing any big M&A anytime soon. Just talk to us about international expansion, a lot of disruption on wealth management, private banking globally, what the opportunities are, where we are investing. We'd love some color around that?
Sharon Yeshaya: Investing more broadly internationally, James mentioned the deals or what we've been working on, I should say, MUFG 2.0 between research and also our sales and trading side. We continue to look for opportunities. We have Arun Kohli, who's been working on our India franchise. I think that there are clearly opportunities there. Within India, we see a lot of opportunities throughout Asia. We've discussed different opportunities also all across the international franchise in Europe. So when you look at, think about investment management. That was one of the key points that we had talked about potential distribution of investment management Eaton Vance products all over Europe. We've seen that. We continue to see products with Calvert, with various active ETFs that we're seeing all across Europe again. And we've been raising new AUM there. So there are ways to distribute product across different geographies. There's a way to work with our strategic partners in places like Japan. There are ways to organically take advantage and move forward in places of growth that have more secular growth trends such as India. So there are tremendous opportunities where we see that we can take, like I said, product-client relationship and also work across institutional securities and various places in investment management. Dan Simkowitz has talked a lot about that of raising funds through those partnerships and being able to look for ways to work together to also source talent internationally as we work across the organization.
James Gorman: And I just said, I mean, I was in the Middle East a few months ago, we're opening an office in Abu Dhabi. If you think of the combination Middle East, India, Japan, kind of, offsetting what's going on in China. And then strategically, I would be very surprised if this firm doesn't do some transactions in both wealth and asset management over the next three years outside the U.S. I think we have a game plan for it. Strategically, the team has worked on a lot of ideas. And obviously, we want to make sure when we do it, we're, you know, we're fully ready and we understand all of the, you know, the diligence issues around some of these relationships and careful about that, but I think the opportunities are clearly there.
Operator: We'll go next to Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: Thanks, good morning. I wanted to follow-up on flows. Obviously feed-based flows strong in the quarter, but the total flow number came in and understanding the environment was a bit softer here in the third quarter? Could you maybe talk about the channels where the pullback was seen the most? You didn't mention workplace, so I'm not sure you would love some color there as well?
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes, we've talked -- thanks Dan for the question. We have talked about the fact that within the workplace channel, I think both in the first and second quarter, I've been asked about it. And it is people are using some of that cash. We aren't necessarily seeing that movement directly into people's accounts and they're seeing actual, you know, taking the stock that they might get and actually selling it rather than investing on it, given what's going on with the economic environment, potentially inflation, et cetera. So that's, you know, potentially a theme out there. But obviously, that's dependent on the market. What is more exciting in my mind is actually where we did see the increase in NNA, which was on new clients and recruiting. So those were the two strongest components. And the ability to attract new clients, I've said it before on these calls, if you asked me five years ago, well before we bought E-Trade and when we were just looking at the beginning of the modern wealth platform, many people ask how will you ever grow, because we weren't seeing new clients coming into the institution. The investments that we've made across the technology for wealth management has been what's been able to attract new recruits. So if you talk to recruits about why they come to Morgan Stanley, it's the projects they can offer, it's the technology that we have, it's the ability to work with the clients. So you're seeing that continue and then you're also seeing new client acquisition through the funnel. So those are all positive metrics. And again, you see that in the stock plan participants rising as well.
Dan Fannon: Great, thank you. And then just a follow-up on investment banking and understanding the environment isn't ideal, but you did talk about increase in announcements. So I was hoping you could provide some context maybe on the sponsor community and maybe how those conversations are happening? And just overall backlog levels versus kind of last quarter.
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes, the backlog itself, we've continued to rise and to build. Overall, over the course of the year, we've talked a lot about sort of being at some of the highest levels that we've seen across all of the underwriting or on the advisory side. So all of that is optimistic. Financial sponsors, we have talked about dry powder, continue to see that. Obviously, there was some valuation gaps and as James said, the more clarity that we see around the stabilization of rates, the easier that will be around deployment. And then some key themes that we have witnessed when we look at the backlog or we think about the transactions that are happening. One is the financial sector consolidation, that's a theme that's emerging within our pipeline and our discussions in the boardroom. The second is the energy transitions. That, again, that is important to some of the transactions that we have worked on and that we've talked through. And in addition to that, we are seeing emerging themes around technology, around AI, around how companies want to use that when they're thinking about strategic focus and objectives. And all of these themes are part and parcel to the fact that you can see there’s -- it's a diversified backlog. And we're investing in the franchise. We've made some key hires to help us navigate through this more complex landscape and places where we see opportunities to execute as we move forward.
Operator: We'll go next to Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.
Steven Chubak: Hi, good morning, James. Good morning, Sharon.
James Gorman: Good morning.
Sharon Yeshaya: Good morning.
Steven Chubak: So I wanted to start with a question on just the expense and margin outlook. Expenses were actually well managed in the quarter. But one of your peers did talk about competition intensifying in terms of the war for talent within investment banking and trading. It feels like that's been the case for the better part of a number of years in wealth management. And I was hoping you could just speak to your expense growth outlook and your confidence in terms of your ability to achieve the firm-wide margin target of 30%?
Sharon Yeshaya: So, when you think about the expenses, we have been looking at expenses through the cycle. We've unfortunately, you know, we have taken actions. We took actions both at the end of last year and then we took one in the spring as well. We've discussed those severance costs throughout the course of the year. And so we've been managing our expense base to better understand and to sort of think about it against the backdrop of what environment are we seeing. So while there is -- there is always a war for talent. We do pay for talent and we pay competitively for that talent, but we have to think about it in the context of where we see the potential growth opportunities. And that is also, we have to take into account the investments that we're making. And that's around processes and investing in technology. And when you look at the technology that we're investing in, we should see operating efficiencies and leverage as you go forward. So that's modernization of the plant. You're going to have optimization, and you're also going to work on things like making sure that you have the right risk and control framework to give ourselves an opportunity to grow. So just what it means to boil it down is it's a balance, right, of investing for the future, but also making sure that you have the right expense base, rather, as you move forward and you can take advantage and see those efficiency gains. And really the operating leverage that James is talking about as we move forward through the cycle.
James Gorman: I'll just say one thing on the war for talent. Yes, I mean, obviously, really high performers are in demand across the street. But we've actually had the opposite issue. We've had very low attrition, which is why we did some of the expense initiatives that Sharon talked about. And I guess we should feel flattered. It's a reflection of the culture and the stability of the firm. But also, that's why we took the initiatives, because you've got to bring in talented people and new generations to keep growing this place. So one's these and two's these, yes, you can lose somebody, a senior person here or there and we've hired a bunch in banking insurance, but the broader across the 80,000 people we've got is the broader messages attrition has been remarkably low and that's something that, you know, we just got to work through.
Steven Chubak: That’s great and for my follow-up just a question on capital, James you noted that pro forma Basel III endgame, your capital requirements approximate your current capital base. How much capital cushion do you plan on running with? Also, how it informs your buyback? And you addressed a question on ROTCE targets, curious about 20% target contemplates higher capital under Basel III. So I know there's a lot in there, capital cushion, buyback level 20% ROTCE target?
James Gorman: I'm going to have to write this down. There's an old guy, there's a lot to remember. It's not going to affect ROTCE. We're not going to be increasing capital. So that one you can put to bed. The cushion, you know, it's a function where the rules come out. I mean, I've been very clear about this day one. I do not believe the proposal as is will be what we see when the comment period is over. I do not believe that. I have no special insight except that obviously I spent a lot of time with the regulatory community, which I've done for 14-years. I think everybody understands for example the way operating risk RWAs have been calculated in a sort of blunt instrument based on fees is not, you know, it wasn't what Basel was originally going to do though. We're going to take that rule out years ago. And they ended up just not getting around to it. And suddenly we're complying with something that they didn't even want and don't, you know, they don't use in Europe. So it’s not that -- it’s just not going to happen the way it is. And that's not being pollyannaish. That's just, that's my judgment call. That said, what we want to frame with investors is, god forbid, it does happen exactly as is. The rule becomes proposal rule tomorrow, then we're fine. So we're certainly not going to be raising capital. We're going to continue with our buyback through this period. The final implementation of this thing is going to be 2028. You know, there's a lot that's going to happen between now and then. But listen, this is the first time you've had members of the Fed Board and the FDIC, I think, come out in advance of a rule being promulgated, if that's the word, saying that they're not comfortable with it. So there's clearly debate within the regulatory institutions. And if you get past the -- why we need more capital, which I don't think the industry does, into well what should it be, the only place it clearly shouldn't be is punishing businesses that have fees attached to them, whether it's credit cards or wealth management, that's not the regulatory intent. And they've told me that and therefore I believe that will change. So on the cushion it's frankly a function of, you know, where the rule ends up. We'll carry whatever appropriate prudent cushion we need to carry. On do we create more capital? No, not unless we grow the business to reflect that, that we can put it to work. And thirdly, will we continue buybacks? Yes, and I'm sure Sharon can give more play from what we think about on the buyback side and dividends for that matter.
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes, on the capital return strategy, we've been really clear that we expect to continue to return capital to our shareholders. Dan said that at the September conference, even when you think about all Basel, we first and foremost, we've talked about the dividend strategy. We doubled our dividend a few years ago and we've continually increased the dividend. That increase has been reflective of the growth and stable revenues that we've had more broadly as an institution. Then, of course, buyback, we're committed to a buyback, but the size of a buyback is always going to be opportunistic when you think about what the alternatives are for capital usage, right? So what are the opportunities that we see going forward and will make the right decision for what we think the right decision is for the company and for our shareholders around the uses of the capital. But we increased the buyback this quarter. So that shows you sort of how we feel about being able to return capital to our shareholders when you compare this quarter over the course of last quarter, moving from $1 billion to $1.5 billion dollars.
Operator: We'll go next to Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Thanks. Good morning. I guess first question just on the E-Trade conversion, I'm sure good to get on the other side of that. And you spoke to some of the benefits, I think more on the flow side and revenue side. Just curious if there's any -- in a more material expense saving opportunities, just assuming there's probably some redundancies there that can be removed, and then any other efficiencies that might exist?
Sharon Yeshaya: Look, we haven't really -- this deal was never contemplated from a cost synergy perspective. It's really been around revenue synergies. Will there be potential savings on the margin? It's possible. But that's not really the point of the transaction. What I think is more fundamentally interesting is that a couple of things when you think about the E-Trade integration, other than the fact that it went very smoothly as it relates to the clients themselves, it creates a really clear foundation when we're trying to migrate clients from channels and move them. So give somebody from an E-Trade channel or a self-directed channel and say, let's make an introduction to an FA and begin that potential migration. If you're on the same platform, it's a much easier and much more seamless transition. So that's a positive use of that. That's an example of how being on the same platform is helpful. The same goes for workplace, right? Everything flows into the same places. Again, that should be helpful as we move forward. It's also very helpful from a bank rails perspective. So as we think about banking products, as you can use, remember E-Trade had bank rails on their platform. Again, a lot of that can be used as we are now looking to potentially grow portions of the bank or grow lending or grow deposits. Those are all things that now that the platforms are put together on a consolidated basis. So I would look at it more from a revenue synergy perspective than necessarily a cost synergy perspective.
Devin Ryan: Okay, terrific. Thanks, Sharon. Quick follow-up here just on an interest income trajectory in GWM. So, we can make some assumptions around the trajectory of deposits, but how should we be thinking about the asset yield trajectory from here if we use the forward curve? I guess what are some of the puts and takes to be thinking about there?
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes, again, so when I look -- I would look at the movement sweeps, if you're trying to draw a relationship between sweeps and NII really over the last two quarters, the asset yields are going to be a function of what the market yields are. Last quarter, for example, I mentioned that we had the NII was supported by higher asset yields. You'll remember that when we walked out of the first quarter, we were in a position where there was still a regional banking crisis. Some of the yields were higher, as you think about funding yields, simply because of what was going on in the environment. As those yields normalized, that came down, you lost some of that asset yield, and you began to see what we, you know, a different kind of, the deposits themselves had a bigger, more prominent reaction when you look at a sequential change in NII. So what I would try and do is you should take both quarters, for example, into consideration when you're thinking about the relationship between sweeps in NII. And of course, asset yields will be determined by market factors more broadly.
Operator: We'll go next to Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning, James and Sharon. Thanks for taking my questions. Would like to start, you know, similar to that last question. So there's clearly uncertainty, but also it seems equally clear that NII is no longer a tailwind for wealth. So when you're thinking about the 30% pre-tax margin target that you've provided for that business? How do you think, what are your plans given that tailwind may be turning into a headwind or at least moderating? And how are you calibrating any planned investment and balance that out with the potential for growth on the back of that?
Sharon Yeshaya: Thanks for the question, Brennan. As you would expect, it's a balance, right? We've made changes to our expense base over the course of this year, but we want to make sure that we're investing for long-term growth by being able to offer both technology, platforms, solutions, et cetera, so that our advisors. The most important thing about the investment is to create opportunities where the advisors have more time. More time that the advisors have, the more they're able to prospect new business and bring new assets to the top of the funnel. So that's how we're prioritizing the investments in order to get the operating leverage as the market begins to turn.
Brennan Hawken: Well, but -- okay so do you have enough? Is that lever large enough? Are you going to be able to or willing to dial back investments in order to support moving towards that 30% pre-tax margin even without NII tailwinds?
Sharon Yeshaya: We would see ourselves in a position -- we're not -- we have put out those targets and we have been, it's not that there is a shot clock in terms of the timing of those targets spread in. The goal is to create a business model that has the opportunity to do that on a more sustained basis. And the way that one is to do that from an asset-led strategy is to grow the asset management revenue streams and the transactional streams. And that's what you're seeing over the course of this quarter alone. You're able to grow assets. You're able to deploy those assets into different transactional products, which helps the transactional line. And eventually, it also moves into the advice-based relationship product, which has a higher annuity stream as well. And so that's the strategy, and you're seeing it play out as we move forward.
James Gorman: I just point out, Brennan, I mean, on $6.5 billion of revenue, the deficit against the 30% long-term target is currently about $120 million, $130 million. So this is not, you know, we're talking less than 2%. We're already at 28% ex-integration cost. They could take 2% of the cost out of that business tomorrow and hit that number, so this is not you know back in the day when we were talking about 20% margin and we were at 8% that was you know when certain people were skeptical about that. We're in a whole different league now. 28% can go to 30%. We can make that happen. What we want to make sure is we make happen the growth over the next several years. So it is not a heavy lift. I'm not worried about that at all.
Brennan Hawken: Great. Thank you for that. If you could, Sharon, maybe just one more clarification, because you talked about the asset side and looking at market yields. What's the duration that we should be thinking about if we're trying to calibrate? Because the disclosure on the asset side for the wealth is not as robust. We have to kind of use a couple creative metrics within the filings?
Sharon Yeshaya: In general, when you're talking about the AFS portfolio, the duration of the AFS portfolio is under 2. But what you have to think about is just the deposits themselves and what's going on with right now when we look at it. We're slightly still asset sensitive, but of course if rates rise, the deposit duration also shortens. So I just think you have to think about, you know, you're taking all things into consideration as you move forward, given the cycle.
James Gorman: We're going to try and get in the last three questions quickly here, so we might run five minutes over.
Operator: We'll go next to Jim Mitchell with Seaport Global.
Jim Mitchell: Hey good morning. Maybe just pivoting to the trading business, fixed trading, up sequentially a bit unusual in a seasonally slow third quarter. So maybe just talk a little bit about the drivers, how sustainable you think they are, at least in the near-term and maybe overall thoughts on industry wallet into next year?
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes, it's a great question. When you look at what's gone on in terms of the industry wallet, we talked a lot about 2019 and 2020 being bookends. Obviously, you are above the 2019 wallet more broadly, and you see this playing out, because things like fixed income, you do have more central bank action, and you do have more broadly associated vol when you think about pre-COVID levels. So all that is fundamentally positive. In terms of specifically the trading businesses, you had movements like I said in commodities, oil, that ability to capture vol, it's really around being there for our clients, but having greater velocity of sheet. And the more that we're able to do that as we move forward, we restructured this business tremendously over the course of the last eight, nine years. And it's being there to be able to serve our clients and using our resources to some degree more effectively and efficiently.
Jim Mitchell: Okay, great. That's it for me. Thanks.
James Gorman: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: We'll go Next to Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo.
Mike Mayo: Hi, one kind of positive question, one negative question, maybe James. When you think of the permanent improvement from 2019 levels pre-pandemic, how much higher do you think global wallet shares should be for both investment banking and trading? Like as you look out over three to five years, is this 2019 the normal or should it be above that? Because we're drifting back, global wallet share is drifting back toward 2019 and although you know the big U.S. bank is staying above that? And then the negative question is just NII is down 9% quarter-over-quarter wealth and kind of what are you guiding for that to be down and when do you think that will be in flex? Thanks.
James Gorman: Sure. I think the wallet -- global wallet will trend higher than 19%. I think you're at a, right now we're obviously had an extreme low on the banking side and trading is kind of muted. I mean fixed income, yes we had a sequential nice run, equities at 3.5%, these are nowhere near top levels. I don't see any of the global competitors challenging the top of the U.S. tree, the top three or four firms. So and I think what's going on, as I said earlier, with the Middle East and India, Japan, parts of LATAM , you're going to see non-U.S. growth over the next several years. So, yes, I feel actually really pretty good about the outlook. And I'll let Sharon, I think we've touched on a lot of the NII stuff. And obviously, you can't model this stuff. You don't know exactly how people behave, because it's a function of how they feel about where rates are and other opportunities at any point in time. But Sharon?
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes, we're not given 2024 guidance right here. What we did say is that the next quarter, we have said, will be lower. And that's a function, mathematically, of the exit rates of deposits where we entered the quarter. But what is encouraging is that as we ended September and then we looked into October, client behavior is in line with our modeled expectations.
Operator: We'll move on to Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. Good morning, Sharon. Good morning, James. I'll just ask a single question in view of the time. Can you guys give us a view of the outlook for your mergers and acquisitions, your appetite? Obviously, James, over your tenure you guys have done a number of successful acquisitions and as you look out over the next three to five years. I know James you won't be here, but what's the appetite? Is it still something opportunistic if something comes up? It seems like you have all your products lined up by channel, but can you get economies of scale by buying some competitors in different channels? Thank you.
James Gorman: Definitely the latter. It's not just opportunistic, it’s strategic in that we have a game plan. We just completed an offsite about a month ago with the whole operating committee and each of the leaders that you know all about, Ted Andy and Dan, we're heavily engaged in that from the business side. I think, you know, there are lot of things -- there are a lot of interesting properties in this world and we've got a machine, Jim Hennessy, I'll give a call out to him, he led the integration of E-Trade, he actually led the integration going all the way back to Smith Barney, 100s of people that work on that. So we've got an integration machine. I mean, you start with, do you have a vision of what the company should look like? And then do you have a set of strategic options, which if available, you would hit the bid? Then the opportunistic is when they become available, like in advance, did you hit the bid? But the real issue is, can you integrate them safely and securely? And then finally, having done that, will that drive growth above the current run rate? So that's how we think about acquisitions. The team is very weighted behind it, but I don't know Sharon if you want to add anything to that, but yes this firm will do sensible, you know, not reckless, not life-changing, but sensible deals as we've done you know we've done many of them Mesa West, Solium and there'll be -- there's a lot of opportunity out there, Gerard. I think that's a wrap.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for everyone for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-18 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. On behalf of Morgan Stanley, I will begin the call with the following disclaimer. This call is being recorded. During today's presentation, we will refer to our earnings release and financial supplement, copies of which are available at morganstanley.com. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to our notices regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures that appear in the earnings release. This presentation may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent. I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James Gorman: Hi. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We started the second quarter with significant headwinds and uncertainties, and it's fair to say that we ended the quarter overall in a better place with a better tone. The headwinds reflect the ongoing market transition from a high-inflation, low-rate environment to a higher-rate, lower-inflation environment. In addition, there were several other issues impacting the markets. April started on the heels of the first bank crisis since 2008, which had the risk of bleeding into the broader financial system. Prompt action by regulators and what turned out to be idiosyncratic stories of the failed banks combined with the strength and support from the large U.S. banks helped to rebalance the system. Second, we found our country moving headlong into a debt ceiling crisis. While our view was it was likely to be resolved, there is no doubt it created unnecessary uncertainty in the markets in April and May. Thirdly, after rapidly raising rates over 15 months, the Fed reached a pause, if not a plateau at its recent meeting. And while we may not be quite at the end of rate increases, I believe we're very, very close to it. Finally, strong rhetoric from government leaders from both the U.S. and China in recent weeks is evident, but there's now been recent efforts to normalize relations and a constructive dialogue is surely welcome. Seeing these four not-insignificant macro concerns progressed positively, supported a more constructive tone in the markets, particularly evidenced in the last few weeks of the quarter. Beyond more macro issues, we at Morgan Stanley completed a significant part of the E*TRADE back-office integration with the final part to be completed after Labor Day and we're very pleased with how it's gone. And today, we announced new institutional initiatives with Japanese research and equity and in foreign exchange with our long standing partner, MUFG, further evidence of how our businesses can work together over time to best serve our global clients. And importantly, we received the most recent results of CCAR. We're pleased our performance under the stress test has improved for the fourth consecutive year, every year since the SCB was introduced. Given our strong results, we increased our dividend by $0.075, the same as we did last year. That brings our total annual dividend per share to $3.40 annually with a dividend yield of about 4% given the current stock price. As to the financial performance of the firm this quarter, certain key metrics were encouraging. Net new assets in Wealth Management grew by $90 billion, and combined with inflows from Investment Management, we saw over $100 billion, bringing our year-to-date net new assets to approximately $200 billion in six months. Our year-to-date growth is well ahead of pace, and while obviously any quarter can bounce around and that will happen, our consistent growth in net new assets in Wealth Management is evidence of our scale and our expanded channels and the clients that we serve. Second, our institutional businesses navigated a choppy environment well. And altogether, the firm delivered net revenues of over $13 billion, up 2% from last year when conditions were very different. This translates into an ROTCE of 12%. Finally, our CET1 ratio was 15.5%. While we knew this would significantly exceed our capital requirements, and it did, it reflects our desire to remain highly capitalized in the face of the new unfolding Basel III Endgame. It's too early to predict the rate of market improvement through the rest of 2023, but the more positive tone and activity seen later in the quarter across many parts of our business is promising. Of course, how much it moves through the balance of the year remains unknown. That said, the fundamentals of our business model remain strong. Finally, a brief comment on succession. At the annual meeting in May, I made it clear I would transition out of the CEO role before next year's annual meeting. Succession planning should be intentional and managed just like strategic planning for the firm or any of our critical talent management processes. We are and have been dealing with a number of uncertainties including but not limited to the CCAR results, business environment, Basel III upcoming Endgame proposals and certain other pending matters. I committed to the Board that I lead our response to those issues, and when I do transition out of the CEO role, I remain as Executive Chairman for a period of time. We are fortunate indeed to have three very strong internal candidates that the Board continues to evaluate along appropriate processes for their readiness to step up as the next CEO of Morgan Stanley. I'll now turn the call over to Sharon to discuss the quarter in greater detail and then together we'll take your questions. Thank you.
Sharon Yeshaya: Thank you, and good morning. The firm produced revenues of $13.5 billion. Our EPS was $1.24, and our ROTCE was 12.1%. Reported results include severance charges of approximately $300 million. This reduced EPS by $0.14 and ROTCE by about 140 basis points. As James discussed, sentiment and activity improved towards the end of the quarter, evidenced by green shoots that emerged across our businesses. In Institutional Securities, client engagement progressively picked up. And in Wealth Management, we witnessed a moderation of sweep outflows as well as the stabilization of retail investments into cash and cash equivalents. The firm's year-to-date efficiency ratio was 75%. In addition to severance, expenses for the quarter included $99 million of costs associated with the integrations of E*TRADE and Eaton Vance, approximately 75% of which relates to E*TRADE. Together, severance and this year's integration represent an impact of about 175 basis points to the year-to-date efficiency ratio. For the balance of the year, our expectations for total integration expenses are broadly in line with our prior guidance, with approximately $150 million remaining. Looking towards the back half of 2023, we continue to balance investments with the operating environment. Now to the businesses. Institutional Securities revenues of $5.7 billion declined 8% versus last year. With overall client activity -- while overall client activity was lower compared to the prior period, results improved as the quarter progressed, alongside better market conditions. Investment banking revenues were flat compared to a year ago. Although advisory remained under pressure, a pickup in underwriting supported results. Advisory revenues of $455 million reflected lower completed M&A volumes. Equity underwriting revenues were $225 million. While IPO activity remained muted, results were supported by follow-on and convertibles, encouraging signs that equity and equity-linked markets were opened at times for regular weight issuance. Fixed income underwriting revenues were $395 million, up year-over-year, driven mostly by investment-grade bond issuance, where corporates and financials took advantage of constructive markets in May and June, respectively. Investment-grade markets remain resilient against an uncertain backdrop. Across investment banking, client activity trended positively as the quarter progressed. The preannounced M&A backlog grew consistently throughout the quarter with a potential plateau in rates and lower implied volatility, client dialogue is currently active. We continue to invest in the franchise and have made selective senior hires to enhance our footprint to best position for the opportunity. While we are cognizant of the typical summer slowdown and it is hard to know whether positive trends will continue for the near term, current conditions remain encouraging, certainly for the medium-term outlook and especially for 2024. Equity revenues were $2.5 billion, down 14% compared to strong results in the previous second quarter due to lower activity and lower market volatility. Prime brokerage revenues were solid, supported by increasing average client balances, consistent with rising market levels. Cash and derivatives declined versus last year on lower global volumes and lower market volatility. Fixed income revenues of $1.7 billion decreased compared to last year's elevated results. Solid performance reflects tempered client activity and prudent risk management. However, improved market conditions in June shifted client sentiment and supported the quarter's overall results. Macro revenues were down year-over-year, attributed to the declines in foreign exchange and a challenging environment and reduced activity, partially offset by the pickup in client engagement following the resolution of the debt ceiling debate and performance in rates. Micro results declined versus last year, predominantly on the back of lower client activity. Results in commodities were down significantly compared to the robust prior year, which benefited from volatile energy markets. Other revenues of $315 million improved versus last year, largely driven by lower mark-to-market losses net of hedges and higher net interest income and fees on corporate loans held for sale. Turning to ISG lending and provisions. Our allowance for credit losses on ISG loans and lending commitments increased to $1.4 billion. In the quarter, ISG provisions were $97 million. The increase was driven by continued negative outlook for commercial real estate and modest portfolio growth. Net charge-offs were $30 million, and were substantially all from a handful of specific loans from our corporate lending portfolio. Turning to Wealth Management. Revenues were $6.7 billion, a record. Excluding the impact of DCP, revenues were $6.6 billion and increased 5%, supported by higher net interest income. Results demonstrate the strength of the business model and our ability to continue to serve clients throughout different market environments. Pretax profit was $1.7 billion, with a PBT margin of 25.2%. Severance charges were $78 million and integration-related expenses were $75 million. Taken together and with the impact of DCP, these three factors were a drag in the margin of approximately 300 basis points. Despite the challenging market backdrop, the business model continued to deliver against our core objectives. Most notably, Wealth Management delivered $90 billion of net new assets, demonstrating our platform's ability to grow in various market environments. Net new assets were driven by our advisor-led channel, existing client consolidation and net recruiting were strong and offset seasonal tax-related outflows in April. Our early investments in technology, including data and AI, are providing advisers with tools to service current clients better and more efficiently prospect new business, including from our workplace channel. Also significant, as James mentioned, we are pleased to share that we've accomplished an integral part of E*TRADE's back-office integration, converting over 3 million E*TRADE accounts to Morgan Stanley's unified platform. We did this with virtually no client disruption, which has always been a critical priority. We expect to finish our integration efforts on time in the second half of this year. Moving to our business metrics in the second quarter. Performance was solid down the line in light of the environment. Asset management revenues were $3.5 billion, down 2% versus last year's second quarter, primarily reflecting lower market levels. Transactional revenues were $869 million. Excluding the impact of DCP, revenues declined 2% year-over-year, reflective of lower client activity for most of the quarter. Fee-based flows were $22.7 billion. Bank lending balances grew by $1.1 billion, driven by mortgages, offsetting paydowns in securities-based lending. Total deposits of $343 billion were up slightly quarter-over-quarter. Sweep outflows moderated during May and June compared to April, which included seasonal tax outflows. The recent month's trends are encouraging, but it remains too early to be declarative. Net interest income of $2.2 billion was virtually flat versus the prior quarter. The impact of lower sweep balances and higher funding costs were offset by higher rates. Looking towards the rest of the year, we do not expect NII to expand. Results will be a function of our deposit mix and the trajectory of various rates. Similar to the institutional business, retail sentiment improved as the quarter progressed. For the first time since the beginning of the year, June saw positive monthly flows into equity markets from advisor-led sweep balances. We are encouraged by this more recent activity and remain well positioned to support ongoing asset growth and our clients through market cycles. Turning to Investment Management. Revenues of $1.3 billion declined 9% from the prior second quarter, primarily reflecting lower performance-based income and the cumulative impact of lower asset levels over the course of the year, commensurate with the market environment. Asset management and related fees were $1.3 billion, declining 3% year-over-year, reflecting the stability and diversification of our client franchise. Performance-based income and other revenues declined year-over-year due to the challenging investing environment in certain asset classes and markets, such as real estate and Asia private equity. Solid performance in other areas of our private alternative strategies acted as a partial offset, reflecting the diversity of our platform and our capital-light, client-driven alternative franchise. Total AUM increased $1.4 trillion. Our integration with Eaton Vance continues to progress well. Integration-related expenses were $24 million in the quarter. Long-term net flows were positive. Inflows were driven by ongoing demand in alternatives and solutions, which offset outflows in equities and fixed income. Within alternatives and solutions, Parametric customized portfolios, private credit and private equity continue -- excuse me, remain consistent sources of net inflows, underscoring the benefits of our diverse platform. Additionally, this quarter, alternatives and solutions benefited from a significant inflow related to a portfolio solutions mandate. Liquidity and overlay services had an inflows of $9.7 billion, supported by ongoing demand for money market funds. We continue to be very well positioned in secular growth areas, such as customization in private markets, across geographies and with our global client base. Turning to the balance sheet. Total spot assets decreased $35 billion from the prior quarter to $1.2 trillion. Our standardized CET1 ratio was 15.5%, up approximately 40 basis points versus the prior quarter. Standardized RWAs declined about $9 billion from the prior quarter to $450 billion due to market conditions and continued prudent resource management. Recent stress test results reaffirmed our strong capital position and our durable business model. We announced a quarterly dividend increase of $0.075 and renewed our $20 billion multi-year repurchase authorization. Our tax rate was 21% for the quarter, reflecting our global mix of earnings. While we outperformed our tax guidance in the first half, we expect a tax rate of approximately 23% in the second half of this year, consistent with our initial guidance. Although we cannot be sure how the backdrop will play out for the rest of 2023, our priority of the management team is to diligently address what we can control given the market realities. Should stable and higher asset levels prevail, Wealth and Investment Management are poised to benefit, particularly as we continue to attract net new assets, a testament to our asset growth strategy. Within Institutional Securities, while advisory will lag the financing market, the backlog is building and underwriting trends are positive. Open and functioning markets remain key to supporting client conviction and activity levels. Most critically, our business continues to advance our clear and consistent firm strategy, driving long-term growth while remaining well capitalized. With that, we will now open the line up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Thank you, and good morning.
James Gorman: Good morning.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess maybe first question, James, for you. Thanks for the update on the succession. As we think about what you built in terms of the franchise, and I think you talked about the unfolding Basel Endgame rules that are expected over the next week or two, from a shareholder perspective, do you see these rules as game-changing where investors will have to reevaluate the value proposition of Morgan Stanley as a franchise? And you, as a management team, would have to review strategic targets that you've laid out? Give us a sense. And I know plenty of unknowns. But I think the question we get from shareholders is the comfort around the ability of the firm to manage through what could be pretty radical changes.
James Gorman: Well, it's an important question. And you're right, I have made comments on it. Let's sort of set the table of where we are right now. We've had a lot of speculation based off of what the Basel III Endgame looks like. By the way, I'm not sure it's actually being implemented fully in Europe, just to say. I think the U.S. banks actually have more capital, but putting that knit aside, we did get the speech from the Vice Chair. I think it's important to look at the title of that speech, which was holistic capital review. So, it's taking into account all of the CCAR, stress tests, SCB buffers and the like as this stuff is implemented. Secondly, we haven't seen the actual rules. I mean, I guess there will be a proposal coming out, as you said, in a couple of weeks. There will be an extensive comment period. There is clearly very different views as to the need for the U.S. banking system to accrete more capital. In fact, if you look at the test of the last few years, what happened with the regional banks, what -- Silicon Valley First Republic Signature, what happened during COVID, what's happened during this period of high inflation, what's happened with the biggest rate increase we've had in 40 years, put all that together, the U.S. large banks actually did really well. In fact, if not all of them, certainly for Morgan Stanley, our capital position improved four years in a row under CCAR. So, it's kind of hard for me to sit here and say that we won't be commenting forcefully that we are very well capitalized. But there will be an extensive comment period. I suspect what comes out of that will not be the same as what starts. I think in the sausage making, there will be a lot of evaluation. Clearly, the intent is not to harm the U.S. banking system, which is the backbone of the economy. It's to strengthen us. Then there will be a long transition period. So, I just happen to be reading the speech from the Vice Chair in the last couple of days, and he had a paragraph in there anticipating this question. I thought I'd read to any proposed changes would go through the standard notice and comment rule-making process, allowing for all interested parties appropriate time. Any final changes to capital requirements would occur with appropriate transition times. And he goes on again later in his speech to point out, it could be -- it will not be fully effective for some years. So, here we are in 2023. I don't think this is going to happen in any meaningful way before the end of 2026. I think what comes out a year from now after comment period will be very different from what goes in. And just take my personal peep in it, which is applying a standardized RWA hit on operating risk as the various regulators trying to figure out what the right way to assess operating risk capital is. And to put a standardized hit is fine, but to do it based on fee income, which is the current European proposal, seems to me to be nuts. I mean, we're not -- you don't build fee-based businesses to create operating risk. You build them to create stability. So that's a point we've made very clear with the regulators, and I think they're taking it under consideration. So, long story short, yes, it's the final trust. It's ironic, I don't believe all the European banks are complying with their own rules. We have a very healthy robust capital system here that's been tested 12 years in a row. Morgan Stanley has done well. And there is no chance there will be a major strategic shift for Morgan Stanley as a result of any of this, is my conclusion.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That is helpful, and nuts sounds about right. One quick question, Sharon, for you. You mentioned NII not seen as expanding from here. I guess, is implied in the expectation that NII should stabilize in the back half, give or take, within a few percentage points?
Sharon Yeshaya: It will depend really -- Ebrahim, thanks for the question. It really depends on the deposit mix. And so, as I mentioned, there were encouraging signs in terms of that mix as we think about the back half of the quarter. But that liability mix, what's going on with sweeps will be the primary driver when you think about NII in the near term.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Devin Ryan: Hey, thanks. Good morning. I just want to touch on the Institutional Securities. And you had ultimately, I think, a pretty good quarter relative to the backdrop. And you mentioned that engagement really accelerated kind of towards to the back half of the quarter. So, I'm assuming kind of on the other side of the debt ceiling debate, things started to normalize a little bit. So, just want to talk about some of the puts and takes, and whether maybe the second quarter results, which are still the softest results, I think, since 2019 second quarter, if this is kind of a more normal outcome, or if you actually think that what you saw kind of in that recovery in the back half of the quarter is normalization and so therefore, we could actually bounce back from the outcome of the second quarter? Thanks.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. Let's take all of ISG first. So, when we think about what we've discussed a lot at length really about normal, post COVID has been for the overall ISG wallet to land between 2019 and 2020. Our view there broadly has not changed. In terms of where we expect ourselves to be, we've laid out a pretty clear sort of market share guidelines in terms of where we are from a wallet perspective. When you look specifically, you talked about fixed income, we've moved from 6% wallet share to 10% wallet share. So, I think the dramatic change that we've made in that business has really been around a client-centric franchise and making sure that we're there and able -- to be able to service our client base. What we talked about, as you highlight, is that there was less client activity for us this second quarter compared to last year's second quarter. But interestingly, as you mentioned, and you're right, we saw a dramatic change in that activity level, specifically in fixed income right after the debt ceiling debate. So, I think what we're looking to do is capture our fair share of the wallet. And that overall wallet in terms of normalization, we think will likely land between 2019 and 2020.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Great color there. And then, just in terms of just this green shoot and kind of normalization theme, we are seeing in the equity capital markets, debt capital markets, some normalization. M&A still been pretty lackluster. And so, just curious whether you just feel like maybe that's more on a lag basis as capital markets recover, then M&A recovery would come next? Or is there something else kind of idiosyncratic to that market that may hold back results in that business? Thanks.
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes. Remember that, of course, advisory is always going to be lagged just because of the announcement. So, we're digesting the fact that we had a very muted or a dearth of announcements if we look back six, nine months. If we think about the last month of the quarter, we began to see more announcements. And we're seeing that really in sector-specific that have a strategic dialogue around them. So be that financials where you might see industry consolidation, energy where you're seeing transitional discussions and reasons to actually have strategic dialogue. So, what gives us confidence is that you're seeing a broadening out of those strategic dialogues. Our backlog is building, and we're seeing it across various sectors we're having both backlog and discussions. But it is fair to say that advisory will likely lag simply because you are dealing with a lagged announcement pipeline from the last six to nine months.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI Group. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thank you. So, I want to drill down a little bit more on the $90 billion. I know it can be lumpy, but I didn't think it was [due to] (ph) workplace produced. But I wonder if you could drill down a little bit on what happened to work so well this quarter and this first half of the year. I mean, it bodes well for your doubling of pre-tax margin -- I'm sorry, doubling of pre-tax income for Wealth. But just curious on what's contributing to the good lumpiness lately, so obviously, well ahead of your $1 trillion every three-year pace.
Sharon Yeshaya: Thank you so much, Glenn, for the question. And yes, I think referencing Andy's speech that he gave for those of you who may not be aware, is helpful because it is an asset-led strategy when we think about where we see expansion in that business going forward. This particular quarter, historically, over the long term, we've generally said no one channel is contributing to over 25% of NNA. Interestingly, this quarter, we did see the advisor-led channel was a big proponent. And more than that, it was -- what was a big production part of the funnel was the assets held away from existing clients. This has been a strategy that we've been talking about back 2015 through [Technical Difficulty] to give advisors more time to begin to not only prospect new clients, but also really offer their existing clients better advice. And so that's where I think you're beginning to see a lot of that work in terms of aggregating assets held away, and we continue to believe that, that's a real opportunity for us to grow our asset base.
James Gorman: I just want to add on this a little bit because it's obviously been a focus of mine for many decades. The run rate, Glenn, as you know, for the three years before this was $1 trillion. So we're running about $330-ish billion a year. This year run rate, if you extend it would obviously be higher than that, it would be around $400 billion. But I think you're right, it's going to be lumpy. I mean you're going to have a quarter in here somewhere that's a $50 billion quarter, and I wouldn't get too excited about that. And just as I don't get too excited, we're ahead of the run rate. What I really care about, what I'm really excited about is it's a real thing. This is not just something that's going to stop. We've got a lot of wealthy clients. Just the dividends, the interest they get on their accounts, the money they're bringing in, the migration from the workplace, the migration from the E*TRADE accounts, it's the real deal. And I know we put out this $10 trillion number, which I think is -- I think this is going to happen. And at a 5% increase in the value annually on the portfolio with a $1 trillion every three years, it happens in a bit over five years. And it's just a pretty much unstoppable force, but there will be lumpiness in it. I'm sure of that. I don't know when, but there will be lumpy. This happened to be a great one. And I'm excited about it. I think we're heading to -- we're clearly heading to $10 trillion, which is at 50 basis points, $50 billion in revenue. And if you do the math compounding, and I know people are going to call me crazy, and I know it's the end of my tenure, so I get to do this kind of stuff. But if you do 5% over 14 years, you end up at $20 trillion, which is a $100 million revenue business. Well, that seems like a long way out, but I started this job 14 years ago, and we had much, much fewer than the $6.3 trillion we have today. So it's possible.
Glenn Schorr: Wow. Maybe just one quickie, Sharon. You talked about sweeps, and it's too early to tell if we've settled in. I'm curious if you have any stats you can share on what percentage of FAs and/or what percentage of clients have accounted for most of the moving? I'm not sure what's [room for you] (ph) here, but curious on how widespread across the FA and client base the shifts have been or concentrated.
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes. In terms of the shift in terms of moving out of sweeps into savings or seeing savings products, we still have over 80% of our actual deposit base is coming from our own client base. What's interesting in terms of the movement of sweeps, which might be your question, I'm not sure I'm totally answering it, Glenn, is that we began to see some of those sweeps not just -- remember, we used to see them move into money markets or other cash alternatives. In June, we began to see some of those dollars actually move into markets, so various assets. We hadn't seen that trend since January. So that just shows that some of the clients are actually also deploying excess cash or cash equivalents actually into the marketplace as well.
Operator: For our next question, we'll move to Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Chubak: Hey, good morning. So James, I appreciate your comments on Basel III Endgame. It might be helpful if you could just speak to how the lengthy transition period informs your near-term buyback appetite if at all? And given the RWA inflation could be quite meaningful, what are some of the mitigating actions you can pursue to alleviate some of the pressure on your businesses?
James Gorman: Well, again, I think, Steve, we've got to see the rule proposed first. I mean, without talking out of school, I clearly had conversations with all the appropriate regulatory bodies. And I'm encouraged by their response, which is they sincerely want to hear comments from the industry. They do understand capital changes across the whole industry have to result in the right economic outcome for the country. And by definition, the bank's stability, as evidenced by the recent many years of CCARs, shows that the G-SIB banks, the top eight banks for sure, are well capitalized. So, I don't want to get ahead and talk about what we'd mitigate. Clearly, we have flexibility around our RWAs. You saw that this quarter, we ended up with 15.5% CET1. We did that not really from a Basel III perspective. I mean, we had that in the back of my mind, but more from this environment, it was a little squarely. I mean, let's just say it that you had three bank fails at the beginning of the quarter. That wasn't a good look. So, we wanted to be cautious. And on the specific buyback, obviously, just on the dividend, we're totally comfortable with the dividend. We've said many, many times we regard half the company as a yield stock, and we're going to treat it that way. And the dividend increases you've seen, I think they're entirely appropriate, and I would expect they continue over coming years without saying exactly what level they're at. On the buyback, I mean, we would take advantage of weakness in the stock. We will be prudent. We're creating -- this was a very difficult quarter and we accreted $2 billion. So it's not like we're not making money here. And I'd like to see the rule, I guess, in a couple of weeks, Sharon, right, we're getting the rule and then the first range of comments. We'll be doing buybacks through this year. We have $20 billion authorization from the Board. We won't be doing $20 billion, but we'll be doing buybacks, and we'll moderate it. I think this thing is going to take -- as I said, I'd be surprised if this is all done and dusted by -- where are we, '23, by the end of '26. I think that's sort of -- and that's 3.5 years, which is a lifetime in these industries.
Steven Chubak: No, it's a fair point, James. I mean, immediately, we all had the experience with Basel III when it wasn't going to get fully implemented for a period of years and the impacts were fully loaded. So, I think we're all just trying to prepare for maybe some expectation that it gets priced in a little bit more quickly.
James Gorman: It could. And we'll adapt, but we won't change our strategy. And I'm going to be a strong advocate on where I think some of these rules do not align with what is right for the global -- for the U.S. financial system and the U.S. economy, not just Morgan Stanley's self-interest.
Steven Chubak: No, helpful perspective. If I could squeeze in one more here, just on Investment Management. The 30% margin goal that you've laid out for Wealth and IM, Wealth, when we adjust for the specials, of about 300 bps, you're within spitting distance of that 30%. The Investment Management margin, it's running in the mid-teens. And I recognize you're still integrating Eaton Vance. But what are your margin aspirations for that business? And what are some of the actions you're taking to maybe help close that gap?
Sharon Yeshaya: So, Steve, the margin goals that we've given have been really around Wealth Management. I respect your point though, we have given larger efficiency targets for the firm. And so, there are places where you all puts and takes between ISG and I am. Remember, if we look back less than 18 months ago or so, we did -- we were close to 30% margins in the IM business. So, what we've seen over the course of the last year or so has just been the cumulative impact of the outflows associated with changes in what investor appetite was, particularly around active equity. But also just the asset levels themselves that are associated with market. What's important to us is the diversification of the platform and then continuing to invest in where we see real changes in that business. And I mean -- by that business, I mean more broadly in an industry landscape. So things like customization consistently, every quarter, regardless of what we've seen sort of on the top-line, we continue to see increased flows, net inflows on the customization product. You saw -- we talked about a solutions-based product this additional quarter. So, we're leaning into where we see industry opportunities. And as we grow assets, similar to us growing assets on the Wealth Management side, that should help support the margin for the Investment Management business, which we do see as a through-the-cycle business.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Brennan Hawken with UBS. Please go ahead. Mr. Hawken, your line is now open.
Sharon Yeshaya: Operator, maybe we go to the next one and come back to Brennan.
Operator: We'll move to the next question from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: Hi. Well, this is the first chance we have to ask you about the CEO change, James. And just...
James Gorman: Mike, you asked me about CEO change in 2012. So, that's your second chance to ask me.
Mike Mayo: Yes, well, you survived and thrived, so there you go.
James Gorman: Thank you. I appreciate that.
Mike Mayo: But it's -- this is Wall Street and what have you done first lately and what's going to happen ahead. So, first, I don't understand what the Executive Chairman is. And I do hope you have in-person shareholder meetings again like you did in the past. And what will that mean when you're Executive Chairman? And what is your thought process on timing of the new CEO? And what are your considerations? I mean, we could all go through the candidates that we see in the press, but let's just hear it from you directly what you're thinking and what the Board is thinking who ultimately makes that decision?
James Gorman: Well, to take a few of those pieces, we're not going to have in-person shareholder meetings. Since the years I did this before COVID, we have more people from security than we did shareholders physically in the meeting. So, let's just be honest, it was an enormous waste of time and money. And while one or two people might ask -- like asking question in-person, I just don't think it's a good use of time and money. But that along with my pet peeve that we shouldn't have quarterly earnings reports, they should be every six months. That'll be two immediate changes I would make if I was God of Finance. But that's not what you really asked about. On the CEO stuff, I mean, Mike, we -- I said about five years ago, I'd stepped down about five years. I said three years ago to be three years, and nobody believed me. So, I said the best way to get people to believe and the Board agree with this strategy was that the annual meeting to say I won't be in the job of the next annual meeting. So that makes it very clear. it's 12 months. We're already two months in. When exactly that happens, frankly, just isn't that relevant. I mean whether it happens tomorrow, it happens on May, whatever it is 15th or something next annual meeting is irrelevant, it will happen somewhere between those dates. There's a few things I think just given my tenure, I can probably get done that will help the new CEO get off to a great start. And that is my intent. I want somebody to do this job as well better than I've done it for the next several years and to thrive in it. And the best way to help them is to get them off to a good start. So the exact timing will be just driven by that. Obviously, given the questions here on Basel III Endgame, that's an important thing for me to dig into over the next few months. We just got the CCAR stuff done. We got the dividend done. We're chipping away at what I call the remaining pieces. The Board will ultimately decide. We have a process. It's a committee, the Comp, Management Development Succession Committee chaired by Dennis Nally, runs that process. He reports to the Board, obviously, and the full Board will ultimately choose the next CEO. And I'm sure at some point, they want my formal input on that, but they're doing their processes, they should independently. And I think it's very healthy. So the criteria you look for, obviously, not necessarily who's the business operator running a given business on a given day, but who's best equipped to deal with the multiple constituencies and challenges of running a global bank. And that's what the Board will figure out. So saying more than that, I think, would be inappropriate because it gets ahead of the Board's process. And that's their job. And I'm just here to help along the way. So hopefully, that clarifies it, Mike.
Mike Mayo: Yes. Just one follow-up. So that -- at least I guess there's three contenders, the three heads of the business lines, if that's correct. And I guess that means maybe two people don't get the job. What's a good technique for your firm or any firm to make sure that those people who don't get the top job are still made part -- still stay with the firm and still a part of everything that's happening?
James Gorman: Wall Street had a history of that not happening. I think we will -- frankly we will challenge that history. We have an unbelievable team that worked together for at least eight years. I think they've all been on the operating committee and we have an unbelievable team of executives around them. Sharon, who you're hearing on this call; Eric Grossman, our Chief Legal Officer; Clare Woodman, who runs Europe, Middle East; and so on and so on. So, we have a lot of very talented executives. That'll be for myself, frankly, to help navigate that path, but these jobs are enormous jobs, whether it's CEO or President or COO of these global companies and we're one of the largest companies in the world. So I'm confident we'll end up in a great place, Mike.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Brennan Hawken with UBS. Please go ahead.
Brennan Hawken: Hopefully you can hear me now.
James Gorman: Go ahead, Brennan.
Brennan Hawken: All right. Sorry about that before. So, Sharon, I know you mentioned before about the NII and the deposit cost having a big impact, but actually the deposit cost trends were roughly in line with what we were looking for and yet NII turned out to be a little better than expected. Could you tell us -- we don't have great visibility on the asset side. Did something happen on the asset side were you able to reprice some assets? And how much more of that do we have potentially on the come?
Sharon Yeshaya: There were some places where we benefited from the asset side. But as you know, we'll have to look at the ALM mix and it will be dependent on some of the market rates that we see going forward. So, unfortunately, there's not that much more clarity I can give you other than what is leading us as we go forward is largely that liability mix. And so that's the trend that will when we look out in the next couple of quarters is one of the biggest trends that will drive NII from here.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. Thanks for that. And then, I noticed, I know it can diverge sometimes, but the trends for firm-wide NII were different, down about $300 million quarter-over-quarter. So, could you help us maybe understand why was that the firm-wide NII deferred substantially from the Wealth Management trends?
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes, that was largely just associated with the trading position. And as you know, it depends on many things, including what products you have, where they're booked, how they're booked and what type of instrument, and in addition, various types of funding costs. So, it's really the -- I think when we look and we manage the business specifically on the trading side given our portfolio and how we think about our bank versus just the broader broker dealer, et cetera, we don't manage it on an NII basis. When we're looking at NII, NII is clearly a driver from the Wealth Management side.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. Another question on wealth and acknowledging the strong NNA number in aggregate. What do you think we need to see for the fee-based NNA to begin to get closer in size to the total NNA? And maybe what you think longer term that mix will look like?
Sharon Yeshaya: Great question. We've looked a lot at fee based and thought about sort of as we think about the funnel. One thing that we highlighted to you last year, or last quarter rather, was that from the advisor-led side, we still had around 23% of those assets and cash and cash equivalents. That is a historical average of the last five years is around 18%. So, in our mind, a lot of it has to do with the way that people are looking at the markets right now. And the idea that when you're moving into a fee-based asset, specifically on the retail side, you are doing so and you're actually, obviously, actively investing in different market assets. And so what is encouraging is as I highlighted on, I think, to the question Glenn asked is that in the last month of the quarter, we began to see individual retail clients actually put that money into markets. So that's an encouraging sign, but we do think that a portion of that is market dependent.
Dan Fannon: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. Good morning. Sharon, can you give us some color, when the E*TRADE deal was closed, I think it was back in October of 2020, one of the real attractions, I think, for Morgan Stanley was the workplace channel. And you guys are, obviously, a dominant player in this workplace channel. Are there any metrics that you can share with us on the success you're having in increasing the penetration in that channel?
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes. We've talked a lot in the last two quarterly updates around just the movement that we see in terms of channel migration is what we've called it. So, workplace assets that are then some portion of it is moved into the advisor-led side. And then, from that sort of as a core, you see assets held away beginning to come in. For the first three years that we had that, that number was around $150 billion, so call it $50 billion a quarter. And then, in the first quarter of this year, we were -- for that one quarter, we saw $28 billion. And when you look at the first half, we're largely running almost up to a full year rate of last year. And so, what that puts into account is we are seeing encouraging signs. We don't know exactly where that number will land, but obviously, it's trending in a good direction. And what it shows again is that workplace can begin to be sort of a seed to the conversation that people have with advisors. And you see that being 10%, 20% of the assets that are brought in through the migration, the other 80% or so are coming in from assets held away.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then, James, just to circle back to the capital comments that you made with the Basel III Endgame and we've heard from some of your peers about the engagement with the regulators appears to be stronger this time maybe than in past. Can you share with us your feelings when you think about what you guys all went through post the financial crisis and the new regulations that came from Dodd Frank? Do you think the regulators are really listening to you folks more so this time than in the past, or is that not the case?
James Gorman: Well, I think, Gerard, it's early. We need see the rule. The test -- there's one thing to listen and there's another thing to listen and act. The test is, once the regulatory community receives feedback from the industry groups, which are very coordinated, I will say, what input do they take into account? Frankly, how do we compare what the European banks have done on their own regulations? So, I think bringing the U.S. to sort of a gold plated European standard just doesn't feel to me like the right end outcome. I think we should do what's right for the U.S. financial system. Yes, I think they're listening. They've shown an interest in -- a strong interest in getting the feedback from the industry, the communities, the legislative bodies, et cetera. So -- but the proof will be in the putting. We'll find out over the next -- I don't know how long it will take the comment period. I'm assuming it could be a year or so. I mean, this is a big deal. Remember, Basel III Endgame first proposed in 2017, so it's taken six years to make its way in a small sailing boat across the Atlantic. And here it is. So, now we've got to decide what we like about, what we don't. So, I'm maintaining constructive tone, because I think everybody wants to end up in the right place. I don't happen to think and this is contrary to some people's views that the Silicon Valley, First Republic have a whole lot to do with this stuff, but that's a different discussion for later days. So, yes, I would hope and expect that they're going to listen, because they -- we should be listening to each other.
Operator: For our next question, we'll move to Andrew Lim with SocGen. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lim: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I'd like to circle back again on Basel III as well. So, I think your comments about European banks having maybe a bit more work to do, a lot of them are guiding towards impacts on the quantitative basis at the low end, sort of like below 50 basis points. So, I was just wondering if you saw something a bit more specific that might level the playing field for the European banks versus U.S. banks debate? And then, turning over to the U.S. banks, obviously, we're all familiar with the large impacts that have been talked about by Jerome Powell and Michael Barr. One of your competitors was a bit more forthcoming saying that that might allude to operational risk weighted assets being added to total, standardized risk weighted assets, which currently isn't the case under the standardized approach. So, I was wondering if you had any like specific thoughts about that, or whether you thought that was a bit more -- a bit less relevant given that, that would allude to legacy RMBS losses from many years ago. How do you think about that?
James Gorman: Well, I'm not going to go into more detail about the European banks. I was just observing that the system was set up many years ago under Basel European banks, some of which are fully compliant with it and some are not yet. And the country system was set up in the U.S. of CCAR. So, we've actually had a capital stress test system for at least, I don't know, 12 years or something. So that was simply the observation. On the operational risk standardized approach to risk weighted assets, yes, actually that is very clearly going to be in the proposal. That is the Basel III proposal and that is going to be in the initial readout. I think, from the U.S. proposal, where that ends up, I've made my position very clear on that. But tying standardized RWAs to fee-based business is not -- just doesn't make sense to me. So, up until now we've had idiosyncratic evaluation of specific bank operational risk and the regulators are trying to move a standardized approach. How they get there, when we get there remains a lot to be seen. A lot of work to be done on that.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you everyone for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-19 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. On behalf of Morgan Stanley, I will begin the call with the following disclaimer. This call is being recorded. During today’s presentation, we will refer to our earnings release and financial supplement copies of which are available at morganstanley.com. Today’s presentation may include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to our notices regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures that appear in the earnings release. This presentation may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent. I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James Gorman: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. The first quarter of 2023 was very eventful for our industry, but not so eventful for Morgan Stanley. Firm delivered strong results with revenues of over $14.5 billion, net income of $3 billion, ROTCE of 17% and net new asset flows of $110 billion. At the same time, we bought back $1.5 billion of stock while maintaining a CET ratio of 15.1%. In many ways, it was an excellent test to Morgan Stanley and the opportunity to show the strength and stability of our business model. Let me just touch briefly on the turmoil and the banking sector. In my view, we are not in a banking crisis, but we have had and may still have a crisis among some banks. I believe strong regulatory intervention on both sides of the Atlantic led to the cauterization of the damage. I consider the current issues is not remotely comparable to 2008. I was pleased that Morgan Stanley, along with the other large U.S. banks, became part of the solution by providing an uninsured deposit line of $30 billion to First Republic Bank. Someone who lived through the darkest days of 2008 where Morgan Stanley was seen as part of the problem, it’s indeed rewarding to be here 14 years later as part of the solution. Turning back to our own company, while the performance of the overall business was strong, the results reflected the impact of the environment. In Wealth Management, positive flows of $110 billion were a very strong result, reflect continued growth in the model together with the flight to quality. This obviously gives us a good start to our 1 trillion every 3 years target. Investment management also benefited from diversification as long-term outflows moderated and we saw strength in Parametric and also in the liquidity product. Overall margin in the Wealth Management business was 26%, impacted by modest increases in credit reserves, slightly lower growth of NII versus forecast and ongoing integration expenses. We continue to focus on the levers within our control with an eye towards expense management. In ISG, underwriting and M&A remain very subdued. As I have said previously, these are revenues delayed, not dead. Already, we are seeing a growing M&A pipeline and some spring-like signs of new issuance emerging. That said, it largely remains a back half 2023 and full year 2024 story. On the positive side, our fixed income and equity trading teams performed very well in managing through some historic rate moves. Total trading revenues were solid. I expect the markets to remain choppy through this earnings season and for the next several months. However, absent any geopolitical surprise or limited progress on bringing down inflation, I think 2023 is likely to end on a constructive note in most areas. Morgan Stanley is very well positioned not just for 2023, but for several years ahead as we see significant growth opportunities across all three of our client platforms. I will now pass it over to Sharon for more details on the first quarter.
Sharon Yeshaya: Thank you, and good morning. The firm produced revenues of $14.5 billion in the first quarter, our EPS was $1.70, and our ROTCE was 16.9%. The firm’s results demonstrated the durability of our business model, evidenced by the resilient ROTCE, robust asset consolidation and wealth and our stable capital and liquidity levels. In institutional securities, fixed income and equity supported our clients while navigating volatile markets. Wealth Management showcased $110 billion of net new assets and investment management continued to benefit from the investments we have made to diversify our offerings. The firm’s first quarter efficiency ratio was 72%. Deferred cash-based compensation plans negatively impacted our firm’s efficiency ratio by approximately 60 basis points. Ongoing technology and marketing and business development investments as well as higher litigation costs increased operational expenses versus the prior year. Given the broader market uncertainty and the inflationary environment, expense management remains a priority, although we continue to prioritize investments in our long-term goals. Now to the businesses. Institutional Securities revenues were $6.8 billion, an 11% decline from the very strong prior year. Fixed income and equity results partially offset weakness in banking as we helped our clients intermediate markets through this period of heightened uncertainty. From a regional perspective, Asia delivered its third highest quarter ever with strength in areas of both fixed income and equity aided by the policy dynamics in Japan and the China reopening. Investment Banking revenues decreased year-over-year to $1.2 billion, solid revenue in advisory supported results while ongoing market volatility continued to pressure equity and non-investment grade underwriting. Advisory revenues were $638 million, benefiting from the completion of previously announced transactions. Revenues were down versus the strong prior year on the back of lower announced volumes in 2022. Equity underwriting revenues were $202 million, down 22%, largely as a result of depressed IPO activity. While IPO and follow-on activity remained muted, issuers selectively access market windows. Fixed income underwriting revenues were $407 million. Results were supported by an open investment grade market and opportunistic loan activity. Clients are engaged as we help them navigate an uncertain backdrop and our investment banking backlog is building. Financial sponsors continue to look for opportunities to invest. Within underwriting, we are encouraged by the issuance activity during constructive windows. Of course, further conversion from pipeline to realized is predicated on clarity around macroeconomic conditions, stable financing markets and increased corporate confidence. Equity revenues were $2.7 billion, a solid quarter against an uncertain and volatile backdrop. We continue to be a leader in this business and the results reflect our global and diversified footprint. Cash revenues decreased versus the prior first quarter on lower global volumes. Derivatives results were solid compared to a strong quarter last year as we help navigate – as we help clients navigate challenging markets. Prime brokerage revenues were down as equity market levels declined. Clients remained engaged and balances increased steadily throughout the quarter. Fixed income revenues of $2.6 billion were strong, though lower versus the prior year’s elevated result, which was impacted by the beginning of the Fed rate hiking cycle and a start of the war in Ukraine. This quarter’s performance was driven by rates and credit. Macro revenues were down modestly year-over-year with relative strength in rates versus foreign exchange in the comparison period. The volatility created by varying expectations around global central bank policy aided results across regions. Micro results were up versus the prior year, supported by client engagement. Commodity revenues moderated meaningfully compared to the robust results in the previous first quarter largely due to reduced volatility in European markets and the mild weather in the U.S. Other revenues of $245 million improved versus the prior year, largely driven by higher revenues on corporate lending activity and gains related to DCP. Turning to ISG lending and provisions, our allowance for credit losses on ISG loans and lending commitments increased to $1.3 billion. In the quarter, ISG provisions were $189 million and net charge-offs were $70 million. The increase in provisions was driven by the higher recessionary probability and worsening outlook for commercial real estate. The charge-offs were substantially all from a handful of specific loans. Turning to Wealth Management, revenues were $6.6 billion. Movements in DCP positively impacted revenues by approximately $100 million compared to a negative impact of nearly $300 million in last year’s first quarter. Net new asset growth of $110 billion was a standout as we continue to execute on our long-term strategy. Pre-tax profit was $1.7 billion and the PBT margin was 26.1%. The margin reflects a more favorable revenue mix offset by higher credit provisions and an increase in expenses as we continue to invest in our business, inclusive of integration-related expenses. Credit provisions were $78 million, including those that impacted revenue and the integration-related expenses for the quarter were $53 million, in line with our expectations. Forward growth drivers remain robust. Net new assets were very strong at $110 billion for the quarter, representing a 10% annualized growth rate of beginning period assets. While NNA will be lumpy and should be looked at on a full year basis, the results illustrate our ability to attract assets and the payoff of our investments to support growth. We saw contribution from all channels with notable strength in the adviser led channel, particularly amongst existing clients. The events in March and the rising interest rate environment over the past year impacted client behavior. Clients increased their allocation to cash equivalents such as money market funds and U.S. treasuries by over 60% versus last year. At the same time, deposits declined in the quarter by 3% to $341 billion. We believe investable assets stayed within Morgan Stanley as our clients worked with advisers to help navigate the volatile markets. Today, adviser-led assets invested in cash and cash equivalents stand at a peak of 23% compared to historical average of approximately 18%. Over time, we believe clients will reinvest these balances across more assets when the market outlook improves. In the interim, given our broad product offerings, clients are choosing to invest in cash with Morgan Stanley through the cycle, positioning us to provide them with more reinvestment choices down the road. Net interest income was $2.2 billion, up 40% year-over-year. Results reflect the impact of higher interest rates and lower sweep balances. Fee-based flows of $22 billion were strong. Asset management revenues were $3.4 billion, down 7% versus last year, reflecting lower market levels. Transactional revenues were $921 million. Excluding the impact of DCP, revenues were down 12% versus last year due to fewer new issuance opportunities and reduced activity levels compared to the beginning of 2022. Lending balances declined this quarter to $144 billion, led by pay-downs in securities-based lending, reflecting the higher interest rate environment. Importantly, our strategy is working and we are seeing channel migration from workplace to adviser-led. Adviser-led flows, originating from workplace relationships reached $28 billion in this quarter alone, double versus this time last year and this compares to the approximate $50 billion we saw annually over the past 3 years. Furthermore, almost 90% of these flows were from assets held away, also consistent with what we have seen historically. Our strategy remains in place to best serve our clients and support the firm’s path to reach $10 trillion in client assets. Moving to Investment Management, revenues of $1.3 billion declined 3% year-over-year, primarily on lower AUM due to the decline of asset values and the cumulative effect of outflows over the prior year. Total AUM ended at $1.4 trillion. Long-term net outflows were $2.4 billion as equity outflows moderated in the quarter. In fixed income, outflows in floating rate loans were partially offset by high yield and emerging markets. Finally, alternatives and solutions delivered strength, driven mostly by demand for Parametric’s fixed income customized portfolios as well as inflows into private credit. Liquidity and overlay services had inflows of $13.9 billion. Positive liquidity inflows of $37 billion were partially offset by outflows related to a single client relationship. Asset management and related fees decreased versus the prior year to $1.2 billion due to lower average AUM, partially offset by higher liquidity fee revenue. Performance-based income and other revenues were $41 million. Results were supported by gains in our private alternatives portfolio, reflecting the diversity of the platform. Integration-related expenses were $24 million in the quarter in line with expectations. A key focus area remains maximizing our global distribution capabilities and we continue to see momentum internationally, particularly from the Eaton Vance fixed income team. Our investments across a broad array of strategies and capabilities, including active ETFs, Parametric customization and alternatives position us well to benefit from the diversification as well as to serve our global client base. Turning to the balance sheet, spot assets were $1.2 trillion, largely in line with the prior quarter. Our standardized CET1 ratio stands at 15.1% and SLR at 5.5%. Standardized RWAs increased quarter-over-quarter, primarily on client activity, consistent with seasonal patterns. We continue to deliver on our commitment to return capital to our shareholders, including buying back $1.5 billion of common stock. Our tax rate was 19.3% for the quarter. The vast majority of share-based award conversion takes place in the first quarter, creating a tax benefit. We continue to expect our full year tax rate to be approximately 23%, which will exhibit some quarter-to-quarter volatility. As James discussed, the fallout resulting from the events in March is not indicative of the systemic stress that the industry faced during the global financial crisis. Our clear and consistent strategy allowed us to enter this environment well positioned. The outlook for the remainder of this year is difficult to predict. We are keenly aware that opening and functioning markets and economic stability are integral in aiding confidence moving forward. In the interim, we remain focused on supporting our clients and attracting assets to our platform. With that, we will now open up the line to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We’ll take your first question from Daniel Fannon from Jefferies.
Daniel Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. Just thinking about the environment and the opportunity, can you talk about adviser recruitment, I assume retention is high, but as you think about the opportunity, given some of the fallout with some of the regional banks, in the current environment. Maybe talk about how you are positioned and maybe how that differentiates versus say a year ago?
Sharon Yeshaya: Certainly. The adviser recruiting pipeline remains healthy. We continue to see assets aggregated from all channels, as I mentioned, both recruiting, adviser-led and workplace and when we compare it to a year ago, I think that what we continue to see is that we remain a destination of choice, not only for new advisers, but also obviously, as we stated, from the assets held away that we continue to aggregate in both the net new assets from existing and from new clients.
Daniel Fannon: And then just as a follow-up, with NII, generally probably a little more challenged versus where we were last year, how do you think about wealth management margin expansion in this environment? And maybe specifically, can you talk to you the NII trends as you think about this year and how we should think about that given some of the deposit dynamics you mentioned as well as the current rate environment?
Sharon Yeshaya: So first, let’s take NII. As we said, what we have been looking at is we thinking about it in terms of modeled client behavior. Obviously, March itself had a different modeled client behavior than we probably would have expected for other months within the quarter. But when we look ahead, we are currently not expecting expansion of the quarterly NII as we go forward. Now as that relates to the margin, a 26% margin, obviously, is still impacted by certain things, such as integration-related expenses. We mentioned also litigation and we continue to really invest in the model as we go – as we have and also as we go forward. All of that being said our eyes are still on the 30% goal that we have set forth and we will continue to achieve as we move through time to progress to those goals.
Operator: We will hear next from Glenn Schorr from Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: Hello. Thanks. Maybe we could follow-up on that conversation. I’m just curious, you mentioned that interesting stat of 23% sitting in cash and cash equivalents, up from 18% historically. If we weave that into normalizing over time, but also deposits were down 3% and cost of funds is up a bunch. As we go through the year, do you anticipate the normalization of the cash component at the same time, deposits continue to come down and migration continues to be yield seeking, like can – I guess, my question with all that ramble is, can the margin get back into that range while we have these cash leaking and yield-seeking behavior is happening?
Sharon Yeshaya: So I think that for us to predict exactly what the behavior will be. Obviously, if we think about what happened in March, that’s a very difficult thing to predict. But I think what you’re highlighting in your question, Glenn, as I parse out the very beginning of it, is right now, cash and cash equivalents are at a higher level, a higher level than we have ever seen historically. As we begin to see those assets be deployed into different types of products that ability and that advice will obviously be accretive. It will also help us as you see asset levels rise. So there is a pull/push factor as you think about those things. In addition to that, as we continue to aggregate assets, we will gain from scale, the more assets that we see, the more we will see in balances, the more that will probably help as you think about just what the cash balances are more broadly because assets are being attracted platform. And in addition to that, we will gain for the longer objectives of what that might mean for the margin and for the wealth management business more broadly.
James Gorman: If I could just add and excuse my voice, I have a chest cold. Glenn, on the simple math to take the margin of that business from 26% to 28% is about $120 million. Obviously, we’re still absorbing some integration stuff relating to the platform that will be done this year. We had slightly higher reserves. We’ve been investing pretty aggressively in the business and, frankly, I think, prudent – appropriately, the payoff is the $110 billion, which is a net new asset organic growth of 10%. So I’ll take that any day long, the assets to sustain the building. So yes, we have a lot of levers to push that margin around a couple of percent points. That’s not, frankly, a source of great anxiety to me at this point. And I think you’ll see us probably push a few of those levers as we get through this year and certainly next year. So the trade-off is, I think we all want to keep investing for growth. We see a real window here. This $10 trillion target is for real. The tree in every 3 years is 300 – whatever it is, $330 million a year, $333 million, I guess. And starting off with $110 million, I think we have pretty good visibility to net new money. So it’s a balance. But as we get through this integration as it’s finally completed, some of those costs roll off. We will get a little tighter in the expense management in the wealth business. I know Andy and his team are already focused on that. So – and then the deposit stuff will – it’s kind of going to be what it’s going to be depending on where rates go and what the Fed does.
Glenn Schorr: Appreciate that. And thank you for fixing my question. The follow-up I have a simpler on commercial real estate. Can you just help us just dimensionalize the portfolio? What exposure do you have? And how do we get comfortable that this is going to get that keeps on giving, like I’m sure there is details within the provision that you took that could help us? Thanks.
Sharon Yeshaya: Absolutely. I think what’s important about that portfolio is that it is diversified, in addition to that, we have been reducing the exposure in the ISG direct CRE portfolio over the course of the last year or so. So obviously, we keep our eyes on it. As you know, CECL is a life-of-loan concept. And so as you see economic deterioration, you do need to account for that. And the same goes for what we’re seeing in the commercial real estate market. So I think that those are the two main points I would point you to is that it is diversified, and we have been continuing to reduce that direct exposure.
Operator: We will hear next from Ebrahim Poonawala from Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning. I guess just first question, I wanted to follow-up, James, a comment you made about being expecting 2023 to end on a constructive note. I was wondering if you can elaborate on that just in terms of a lot of this is tied to macro. How do you think the economy paying off in terms of the Fed’s fight against inflation damage it does to the economy in the markets? And as you think about ending 2023, where do we think – where do you think we will be on all these fronts by the time the year ends?
James Gorman: Well, our house call out for the markets went about flat from where they started at the beginning of the year, and they certainly support that. I think the two wildcards out there are geopolitical risk, which we can’t really handicap my gut is that the U.S.-China relations while having the moments tension remain overall stable through this year and global trade remains stable. The second risk, of course, is that the Fed’s actions doesn’t bring down inflation. Well, the evidence so far is it is bringing down inflation, but they are probably not done. I think it’s likely we will see at least one more and possibly two more rate increases. That gets you to sort of high 5%, 6% type interest rates, which is not shocking. And if we get through that, again, many people are calling for a modest recession, it might be, I don’t know, obviously, but got is, whether it’s a modest recession or we dodged that bullet. Sort of doesn’t matter that much. What really would matter is if inflation is not tamed, it has to go much higher than people are expecting. You go into a much deeper recession it’s certainly not a likely outcome at this point. So that’s why I said I think I used the words constructive. For Morgan Stanley, if the sort of green shoots we’re starting to see. Again, I don’t think they are a Q2-type event but back half of the year and next year in banking and underwriting, we just had a Global Risk Committee yesterday discussed some of the stuff and certainly the underwriting calendar, it looks like it’s picking up a little bit through the back half of the year. I think the wealth management, what Sharon pointed to, the 23% in cash like security is moving into active investments, that will happen. I mean through the long history of this business people don’t hold a quarter of their money in cash. They just think it is not real. So – and I suspect once we pass this sort of inflation Fed action, there will be a long pause would be my gut followed by some rate cuts starting in 2024. I do not expect that this year. So when I put it all together, relative to sort of other periods that I’ve been through my career, I think it feels given the landlord, given the geopolitical stuff, given the inflation surge given COVID, it actually feels surprisingly benign from what it could have been. Now that’s not denying there are clear stresses, the commercial real estate that I think Glenn just asked about across the banking sector, what’s going on in some of those banks with very idiosyncratic portfolios that frankly didn’t match duration interest rate risk, well, is were issues. There are parts of the world that are still having slow growth. So it’s not a perfect kind of remains the rolling on song, you can’t always get what you want but you get what you need. And I think about Morgan Stanley coming out of this, and we’re kind of getting what we need. We’re getting a 15% CET1. We’re getting a 17% ROTCE decent revenue, decent earnings, obviously, opportunity to take some costs out and I think very well positioned on a go-forward basis. So that’s where the word constructive came from. Sorry, it’s a long answer for one word.
Ebrahim Poonawala: No. I appreciate the color. And just as a follow-up, when we think about capital return in terms of one, the pace of buybacks, given the macro uncertainty, any perspective there? And just opportunistically, do you see this as creating opportunities inorganically M&A-wise for Morgan Stanley as we look forward?
James Gorman: We’ve maintained – it’s a very good question. I’ll deal with sort of what the capital position is now and what the opportunities are for excess capital. On the capital position now, CET1 is running at 15.1%. We obviously have control over that dial to a large extent. So – and we have tilted conservative. I think it’s fair to say. I haven’t seen all the numbers, but I’m pretty sure we’re at the top or above all of our competitors set again, and we’ve been that way for quite a while. So on current capital requirements with the last stress test, we’re at 13.2%, I think or 33%, somewhere around there. So 15% is a very healthy buffer. But we’ve got a new stress test coming out. So many people feel that’s going to be a little tougher than what it was last year. It might be, and we’ve obviously got plenty of capital for it. So I don’t expect any issues whatsoever. And then we have Basel III coming out in, I think, sort of late May, June time period where – and again, that will be implemented probably 2025 that looks like earliest. So again, there is time for the banks to adjust their capital position. So we will have much better visibility as to what we’re dealing with by, say, July 1. And I – again, I don’t – I suspect it might drive some changes in how we run our balance sheet, but I don’t think it’s going to involve anything particularly draconian. Now given that, we like to maintain a healthy buffer. We have done, obviously, the deals we did in the last couple of years, E-Trade and Eaton Vance, which I just said I couldn’t be more happy with both the timing of those deals, the pricing of those deals and the performance of the businesses. And when we see a really robust market environment, you’ll see that even more so in spades. We’ve had a very healthy dividend yield. I think it’s over 3.5% churn, something like that now. We believe in the dividend. I’ve said for years, and I think of the wealth management business is a dividend stock, and we’re clearly making more money in that business than we’re paying out a dividend. And we’re buying back. I mean we dove the buyback down a little bit. I think to $1.5 billion, we’re probably running at $2.5 billion at our peak last year on a quarterly basis. And we did that just – it was an interesting environment. I mean, let’s just say you had two of the biggest banks fail in the last 15 years. So being a little prudent a little conservative, watching that going on, you don’t want to be too grabby is my attitude. So I think we have lots of flexibility. There is no doubt we can and over the years, we will do more acquisitions in my mind. There is no doubt about that whatsoever. And it will be in the wealth and asset management space and we constantly keep a list of who’s attractive and who would be a good fit. But obviously, I couldn’t say if there was something imminent, but there is nothing imminent, but it’s something we focus on. So again, I’m sorry, I’m giving long answers this morning. It must be this cold that I’ve got.
Operator: We will move next to Steven Chubak from Wolfe Research.
Steven Chubak: Hi, good morning. So I wanted to start off just unpacking the NNA lows that you saw in the quarter. I mean 10% is really an impressive result. The fee-based flows continue to lag brokerage. And just wanted to better understand what you see as a sustainable fee-based flow rate. And just as we try to evaluate the durability of 10%, how much of the quarterly inflows were from FRC where you’re clearly a destination of choice for some of those attriting advisers?
Sharon Yeshaya: I’m going to try and remember all of your questions, Steve, in order. So if I forget one, just remind me. The first point on FRC, I’ll take first. In terms of the regionals, more broadly, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, I believe we had about $90 billion that came in without any relationship to those regionals. And so that shows cases to you that’s well above the average that we’ve seen. So I think it just continues to show that the investments that we have made are really working as we move forward. So that’s sort of point number one. The second point that I mentioned, and I think you asked where are those assets coming from? It’s really – in this particular quarter was in that adviser-led space both from existing accounts and new clients. To me, what was most remarkable when I was going through the diligence materials really was what we’re seeing from clients. So the idea that we continue to be a destination of choice for our existing clients and attracting assets held away, again, speak to all the conversations that we’ve all had over the course of the last 7 years or so talking about investments to give our advisers more time to service their clients as we move forward. Then the final question that you asked around the fee-based flows actually a very strong fee-based flow number, to be honest, from our perspective in an environment where individuals – we think about it, cash and cash equivalents are high. You’re thinking about putting your money into managed kind of accounts associated with it from that fee-based concept, you’re unlikely to do that in a period of time where you think the cash and cash equivalents and safety might be what you’re looking for right now. And so that is, in fact, the dry powder that we have that over time could move into the fee-based assets. So I think it’s actually a strong number given the environment that we have on the backdrop.
Steven Chubak: Really helpful color, Sharon. And just for my follow-up, with – on sweep deposits, those are now running below 4% of AUM. That’s historically been a strong support level for transactional cash within the advisory space broadly. I was hoping you can give some perspective on how we could think about where sweep CAT could potentially bottom and have you seen any continued mix shift into sweep or deposit pressures in April so far?
Sharon Yeshaya: As it relates to April, I talked a little bit in one of the earlier questions about modeled client behavior. And that what we did see is that in March, we really deviated from some of that modeled client behavior. Now in April, we have been more in line with modeled client behavior. So that does speak to your point of maybe we are in a position where from a transactional patch level, we are there. But again, as James said, it is an uncertain environment. And so from that perspective, we will have to wait and see how we move through time from here.
Operator: Moving next to Brennan Hawken from UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I’d actually have to follow-up on that last question from Steven. So April is more modeled April is typically a tax payment month, which is a headwind. So are you seeing – where is that cash getting funded from? Are you seeing some of the taxes – tax payments coming out of both sweep and the other higher cost deposit sources? Is it more biased to the higher cost? Could that provide some relief? And when we put all that into the mix and think about NII going forward, should we be thinking about stable NII we know it’s not growing, but funding this funding cost elevation maybe could lead to some downside. So curious how we should be thinking about that.
Sharon Yeshaya: I think that your question in terms of April in terms of where it’s coming from the exact breakdown is challenging to see in terms of exactly where it’s coming from, from all of the deposits perspective because there is could, as you know, cash is fungible, so you could take something and then move it into a different security or a different asset. To parse that out, is challenging. I do think that what’s more important, as you highlight, is that it is tax season. And so to not see an acceleration is obviously one of the more optimistic signs that you are moving through more model client behavior. Now what it means from funding, we obviously have many funding different places. I don’t think that funding is concern, as you mentioned, it does matter from an NII perspective, but it will be a function of two things, Brennan. As you know, rate expectations have also changed since January. And so our NII forecast and predictions are based on models client behavior in terms of cash, sweep etcetera, and also where interest rates are and where the forward curve is for Fed bonds. And so as you begin to see if that changes, that could change your NII forecast. We are still, if you look at models client behavior, asset sensitive. And so from that perspective, I think that gives you a few different pieces to put together in terms of how to think about the forward look based on deferred assumptions.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. Thanks very much. Obviously, a lot of uncertainty, so I appreciate that color. And then one more on the net new asset component. Sharon, you guys have an offer for – promotional offer and it’s tied to higher yielding cash alternatives. What percentage of the net new assets came into – from that promotion this quarter? In the past, you’ve spoken about how when you bring that cash in a majority of it stays in the system. Do you have any more granular statistics on what portion of that stays in the system? It’s obviously good that it comes into the system, but kind of curious when we think about stickiness and how much is hot money and how much is actually durable? Thanks.
Sharon Yeshaya: So the best way to think about the stickiness within the system is actually NNA right, because you’re going to see the outflows would be a net negative to the NNA more broadly. And so the consistent growth over time, if you look at it all the way back even to when we saw promotional levels back, I remember we spoke about this in ‘18 and I think it was ‘17 and ‘18. In those early years, that was still seeing net new asset inflows over time. So, for me, the most important thing is, well, what’s the net, the net continues to be positive and continues to ramp higher. In terms of the CD exact offerings and what that would mean from NNA, it’s considered NNA if it’s brought out from outside of the firm. And again, what’s important here is that we continue to see more in the advisor-led space. And that over time, again, think about the channel migration from workplace into the advisor-led space. What’s important here is that when people begin to seed money into advisor-led, we actually see more money from assets held away. So, I know that doesn’t answer your question directly, but I think it’s important to highlight, as people begin to work with an advisor, what we said to you is 90% of the assets that then come are from assets held away outside the building. So, just again, another proof point that once they understand what the advisor has to offer, it helps aggregate new assets into our system.
Operator: We will hear next from Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. Good morning. Sharon, can you share with us, when you guys talked about, I think James said around 25% of your Wealth Management customers’ assets are in cash or cash equivalents, which is high, of course. What interest rate do you guys sense, meaning do rates at the fall 100 basis points or 200 basis points for that money to move back into more traditional assets?
Sharon Yeshaya: So, I don’t actually know that it’s the absolute value – the rate level. And I will answer it in two different ways. First, you have to remember that the events in March didn’t make people – I mean, we all read the popular press and most individuals begin to think about what is the most risk-free asset, that being a U.S. treasuries. So, one should not be surprised if they begin to move assets into U.S. treasuries. So, I do think that it’s a function also of uncertainty and not just the absolute level of where interest rates are or aren’t. Now, as I have said, we have these moments that are opportunistic, both when you think about the corporate activity and then when you think about the individual activities, so both for ISG and in Wealth Management. And that was evidenced last August, last October and then earlier in January and February that when markets become calm that you begin to see movements into asset classes and further activity as evidenced by our self-directed channel as well. So, I don’t know that there is an absolute level of rates, but I would say it’s related to confidence in the system more broadly and a belief in asset levels being in a place that will bottom and then potentially will rise as we go forward.
James Gorman: I totally agree with that. I think Gerard, if people can get a 4%-ish return in a very uncertain environment, that’s not a bad thing to have in your portfolio, at least for 25% of their portfolio. As they get better visibility, as we all get better visibility of when the Fed stops moving and did we go into this recession that some appearing or not or if it’s modest, then I think you will start seeing more engagement. I mean it’s just, we have all been through this. It’s human behavior. We have had a pretty significant shock to the system in the last few months, which thankfully the world kind of – the financial world got through, but could have turned sideways. And higher rates came at a time of increased uncertainty. So, it’s entirely rational that people would take advantage of higher rates and increased uncertainty by parking in cash, but they are not going to stay in cash at 4% forever. That’s not going to help.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. I appreciate that. And then just as a follow-up question, Sharon, you talked about the credit, the provision and linking into commercial real estate. Of the total loan portfolio, what percentage of that is in commercial real estate mortgages? And are there any construction loans in that portfolio?
Sharon Yeshaya: As it relates specifically to the construction loans, I don’t know about the exact construction loans that you might have. I am certain that somewhere there could be a construction loan. But more broadly, I think the absolute level, we do disclose from the ISG side around that $10 billion, and that was in our filings from last quarter.
Operator: Devin Ryan from JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Thank you. Good morning. I just want to start just on market share opportunities that maybe are accelerating here. You touched on some on the call, but one of your peers highlighted your private banking in Europe, just on the heels of some of the banking stress or potentially even just opportunities where you are going to get paid more for committing capital when your capital is becoming more scarce in the system. So, just love to maybe think about some of the things that you are seeing just over the last month or so that might be sustained going forward.
Sharon Yeshaya: On capital opportunities, in Europe. Sorry, could you repeat what’s the question?
Devin Ryan: Yes. The question is just where there is opportunities to take market share kind of in the wake of the banking turmoil. So, one peer had highlighted private banking in Europe as one example. But just whether there is others as well here, just on the heels of the recent stress?
James Gorman: Yes. Devin, let me have a go at that because that probably builds off the capital discussion and where we would invest. We do not have an appetite for private banking in Europe. In fact, we sold our Private Bank in Europe to Credit Suisse several years ago. It’s one of the first things I did, because we would had an unhappy experience. We had owned the business for 21 years, and we lost money for 20 years of them. And I kind of took a fairly simple view that if you lose 20 years out of 21 years, you have probably got to lose it. So, we got out, you need scale. And frankly, it’s not a good fit I believe, with the current regulatory structure that we operate under, so much more interested in the U.S. and Asia and some in Lat-Am. The U.S. business, it’s just going to be an asset gathering monster. To bring in $110 billion in one quarter and $1 trillion over the last 3 years, there aren’t many companies in the world that have a trillion assets under management. So, I think we have got to keep our eye on the prize here and not get distracted by going down some rabbit hole because somebody else is in stress, maybe somebody else is in stress because it’s not a very attractive rabbit hole when you get down inside it. We know what we have got here, and it’s a killer machine. Asia is growing nicely. Again, Lat-Am some, but the workplace conversion is a massive opportunity now that we are focused on. Obviously, we are tracking financial advisors from seeing somewhat of a safe harbor, I guess across the industry. In our organic flows, if you compare them to our traditional competitors, the warehouses or the online brokers, our organic flows, I think are on an annualized basis, significantly higher than the traditional players, and higher than anybody in the industry. So, that’s how we think about it, again, Asia more interesting, Europe not interesting, Lat-Am a little bit interesting and U.S. definitely interesting.
Devin Ryan: Got it. Okay. Thank you. Helpful. Just a follow-up, it sounds like you are starting to see maybe a little bit better momentum with financial sponsor clients. I would love to maybe just touch on those specifically and kind of what the appetite is to do deals or to sell assets and kind of what the – you think the trigger point is to kind of engage them further?
Sharon Yeshaya: Certainly, I mentioned is actually when I spoke at a February conference this year, which is that when you think about financial sponsors, they may be in a different position than what we would consider traditional M&A, i.e., they are faster to market. They are in a position where you might not have the same level of activity from a Board. And because of the size, you might have different regulatory restrictions. And so from that perspective, we would expect that they might be first before we see really traditional activity open up. And that is – that remains kind of the view that we have and also as the pipeline begins to build, that’s also what we are seeing. In order for that to move forward and become realized, it’s really about the opening of the markets in terms of the financing activity. As we have seen some of the backlogs clear, that’s clearly very helpful. But again, it’s about stabilization and it’s about confidence.
Operator: We will move next to Mike Mayo from Wells Fargo.
Mike Mayo: Hi. What is going so right – what is going so right in Asia that it’s your third best quarter in an environment like this? And then what is going so wrong in investment management since you closed Eaton Vance, the first full quarter, it was second quarter ‘21, if I have that correctly. Investment management revenues are down almost one-fourth. So, shout out to certainly E*TRADE and wealth doing well. But in terms of investment management, like it just looks from the outside like Eaton Vance panning out the way you expected. But first, the positive on the Asia was going right and then the negative one, what’s not going right in the investment management?
Sharon Yeshaya: Certainly. So, let’s take Asia first. What we saw over the course of the quarter was China reopening, obviously, supporting us from the equities side and perspective in terms of client engagement. And what’s going right also from Asia has been the – what we have a franchise that we have really built in Japan. And in an environment where interest rate dynamics change, such as what’s going on within Japan, that certainly helped us from the macro perspective and the macro business within fixed income. So, I think that we are – that’s very important and critical is that it speaks to the global perspective, and it speaks to our global franchise. Why that is important when you think about investment management, and I will tie the two together is that you have to invest more broadly to be able to create an environment of diversification. And so Asia might be asleep. Japan, for example, could be asleep for many years, and all of a sudden, Central Bank activity picks up, and you are there to support your clients with that global franchise. Think about investment management quite similarly. What we are doing is we continue to build a franchise where we are able to have diversified products that are there to capture our client assets. You highlighted what’s going on within the investment management. Well, asset levels are down tremendously. However, since we have purchased and we announced the deal associated with Eaton Vance. Look at Parametric, we have raised over $45 billion in that product alone, again, diversification of the portfolio, diversification of product to be there in a period of time where you see activity. That’s what we are trying to do and build.
James Gorman: Yes. I mean I will just add, I wouldn’t frankly, render a judgment yet on the Eaton Vance deal. I think it’s a little soon through a challenging market environment. I would tell you, I am personally thrilled with it. And I am highly confident that 5 years from now, we are going to look back and be thrilled with a lot of people said that Smith Barney deal was a dumb idea. And a lot of people said, E*TRADE is a dumb idea. And a lot of people said we overpaid for Solium and these things have moments of sort of settling, if you will. It’s like good house its foundations have to settle. And in a very challenging environment, I think the business is holding up, right. So, I am very happy with that transaction, great people, great company, some fabulous brands. And I think Mike, if you come back and ask that questions in 3 years’ time, hopefully, you won’t reverse the questions. But maybe you will say what’s going right with Eaton Vance and asset management, and what’s going wrong in some other places. Because I am sure, as I have said in the rolling sense, you can’t always get what you want, given the environment, something might be working. But yes, I am pretty relaxed about that one.
Mike Mayo: I appreciate the answer. Just a short follow-up, it looks like you are not getting any NII guide, or if you did, I have missed it, and we just want some help with our models here. If you want to kind of guide us in a certain direction, I mean clearly, funding costs have gone up in the industry.
James Gorman: I mean super hard. I will be blunt. We sort of guided a little higher on growth in the first quarter and came in plus 1%, which I guess was better than most, but just super hard. So, let’s get through – I think let’s get through this quarter. We will learn a lot of taxes. And as Sharon said, it’s kind of the numbers have reverted back to what we are modeling, which is good. We will see that. We will see how much of this cash that’s moving. We will see whether there is further deposit outflows or not. I mean it’s just super hard to guide right now. So, I don’t think I know it’s sort of – I don’t know if it’s fair or not, but it makes your modeling harder, which I appreciate. But also I don’t want to give guidance that we don’t really have an intellectual basis or fact basis for doing it. It’s just too hard. We are not stressed about it, but that much guidance I will give you, but I just don’t want to put numbers on the sheet of paper at this point.
Operator: We will move next to Matt O’Connor from Deutsche Bank.
Matt O’Connor: Good morning. Can you talk about the sustainability of the strong fixed income trading revenues. Obviously, on an absolute basis, very good, down from a really strong year ago level and benefited from rate volatility, but at the same time, advisory and DCM was sluggish. So, how do you think about this kind of not just 2Q, but the next several quarters in the kind of environment that we are in and maybe some improvement in IB? Thanks.
Sharon Yeshaya: So, the – our business has done. I think management has done a phenomenal job in really transforming this business to be a client-centric model focused on velocity of assets, focused on supporting our clients. So, the deeper we have gotten into that, the more we have been able to grow our wallet share more broadly and we have been able to be in and around this 10% number. So, that’s clearly based on the activity that we have seen. Now to your point, should we see an opening up of markets could there be greater activity, that would also obviously support the wallet more broadly, but we would expect to be there to continue to gain our appropriate share of that client activity.
Matt O’Connor: Okay. And then maybe just broadly speaking, like as you think about client brokerage in both fix and equity, like what’s your thought there in terms of committing capital kind of on an incremental basis, like providing more or less from here or not really any change?
Sharon Yeshaya: We continued to invest in that business more broadly. You can see that even on the technology side. We are really proud of the equity franchise and business and the transformation that’s had for well over a decade being a market leader. Clearly, as we think about committing capital, it’s also, again, about our clients being active in that market as we see. And I highlighted this in my prepared remarks, we do see client balances increase. We have obviously been there to support our clients. And we are looking for the appropriate risk-adjusted return as we continue to invest in that business.
James Gorman: Yes. I would just add, if you step back from this sort of over a 5-year view, firstly, just take hats off to the team led by Ted and Sam, Kelley Smith and then Jay Hallik and Jack [ph] in fixed income. It’s come a long way from, I think a 6% share. I think we troughed that. I don’t even know below after crisis might have been much lower, but sort of 6%-ish share per half of the last decade, and then steadily moved up to 10% and pretty stable. It’s kind of what we wanted. I mean – and on the equity side, you can buy share, for sure, more, but you want to be in the part of the prime brokerage business that we want to be in. We don’t want to be in the sort of the broker last resort. So – but if you step back from it and what you have really got is kind of an oligopoly type structure emerged out of the financial crisis where a smaller number of institutions have the global capability for global sales and trading, and we are now one of them. And that was probably not a given 10 years ago. It certainly wasn’t a given. And you have just seen, obviously, Credit Suisse has been merged and that business, lots of parts of that business. I suspect this appear relating to the trading side of the prime brokerage. So, our position gets stronger, not weaker. All that said, we are pretty careful about how much balance sheet we want to use to grow aggressively on the margin because we simply have good options in terms of wealth and asset management businesses. So, it’s a balancing act, but I think the team has done a great job, and I feel really good about where they landed the plane this quarter. tricky quarter, by the way, particularly in rates.
Operator: We will hear next from Jeremy Sigee from BNP.
Jeremy Sigee: Thank you. Just quite a specific one actually. I thought comp costs were a bit heavy in wealth and in investment management. And you mentioned the deferred comp plans linked to investment performance. Is that heavier deferred comp cost? Is that something that stays with us throughout the year, or is it – does it move around? Is that a 1Q specific, or is that stuck with us for the rest of the year as well?
Sharon Yeshaya: Jeremy, as you remember, that moves around with the investments. You will see both on the revenue line and the expense line. And so you should look at them together, and that’s why we have enhanced the disclosure so that you can think about them from both sides, understand both the margin and the comp ratio, both historically and as we move forward.
Jeremy Sigee: That’s perfect. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you everyone for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-17 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. On behalf of Morgan Stanley, I will begin the call with the following disclaimer. This call is being recorded. During today's presentation, we will refer to our earnings release and financial supplement, copies of which are available at morganstanley.com. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to our notices regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures that appear in the earnings release and strategic update. Within the strategic update, certain reported information has been adjusted as noted. These adjustments were made to provide a transparent and comparative view of our operating performance against our strategic objectives. The reconciliations of these non-GAAP adjusted operating performance metrics are included in the notes to the presentation or the earnings release. This presentation may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent. I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James Gorman: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. The macro backdrop of the last year presented challenges we haven't seen for some time. The combined impact of persistent inflation and rapid central bank tightening pressured asset levels and led to some – let to very little strategic activity and capital raising. Despite volatility throughout the year, Morgan Stanley demonstrated resilience and delivered on an ROTCE of 16%, including integration-related expenses from our deals. The firm did what it was supposed to do with our more stable Wealth and Investment Management businesses offsetting declines in Institutional Securities. This is hard evidence of the transformation we've made to become increasingly durable and a stark contrast to the 8% ROTCE we had in the last notable challenging environment of 2015. When markets rebound, we will capitalize on growth once again across the full firm and from an even stronger position. Before turning to Sharon to discuss the details of the fourth quarter and the full year, I'll walk you through now how we plan to achieve these goals in our annual strategic update appropriately titled delivering growth through the next decade. Briefly first, I'd like to acknowledge the many contributions Jon Pruzan made as CFO and COO. As you know, he's retiring from Morgan Stanley at the end of this month, and we wish him the absolute best. Please now turn to the deck into Slide 3. What informs our confidence and growth strategy is that we know who we are. We've been clear about that for over a decade. Our clarity of purpose has been a key driver of our success to date, and the next decade will be no different. On Slide 4, you can see we've been consistent since the financial crisis. We have a client-centric franchise with a common objective to facilitate capital flows between those who have it and those who need it. We're committed to our clients and to the markets we're in, clearly illustrated by the leading competitive positions we have. In each of our businesses, we have a significant competitive moat, which will enable us to maintain and further enhance our strength. Slide 5 highlights the strategic decisions we've made over the past decades that are focused on aligning markets -- ourselves to the markets where we perform best. And these are core businesses with scale in major markets that are on the whole more balance sheet-light and benefit from more durable fee-based revenues. We continue to invest in these areas to drive future growth. We have proven track record in our ability to acquire and integrate the businesses that are aligned with this strategy, namely within Wealth and Investment Management. Importantly, we've also taken action to get out of businesses that are not core to this flow of capital. While we may facilitate activities across varied markets, we do not own businesses that are built around unsecured consumer credit payments, physical handling of commodities and the like. Instead, we focus on markets we best, and our ability is there to support our clients in those markets. Please turn to Slide 6. This illustrates the ongoing growth and shift of our business mix. As we continue to grow our client assets, we expect Wealth and Investment Management will become an increasingly larger portion of the firm's pretax profit. The stability of the firm will be further enhanced by this growth, all the while coupled with a preeminent institutional franchise. Fair to say our business model was tested this year, as you can see on Slide 7. 2022 was a paradigm shift. But first the common acts continuation of the first pandemic in 100 years, the first war in Europe, in over 70 years and the highest inflation in 40 years. Despite lower asset values and an anemic underwriting calendar, the firm performed well. We generated, as I said before, a 16% ROTCE; had the most excess risk-based capital of our peers and attracted over $300 billion of net new assets, all while integrating two major acquisitions. So, now moving to the opportunities to maximize growth in the next decade, let's start with Wealth Management. On Slide 8, you can see we have leadership positions across channels, reflecting our combination of best-in-class advice and best-in-class technology. And we have the ability to meet any client wherever they are in their wealth accumulation journey. This allows us to grow with our clients along the way and provides the opportunity for clients to migrate across channels. The growth of our business is reflected in our higher average daily revenues, something I've been tracking for well over a decade. 2022, every trading day saw revenues in excess of $80 million, and over 1/3 of those exceeded $100 million a day. Contrast that with only three years ago, where 95% of trading revenues were each below $80 million, and none exceeded $100 million. The history of the journey as illustrated on Slide 7, Wealth Management has gone through a powerful transformation, as you all know, including with the most significant recent acquisitions in E*TRADE and Solium, which have expanded our client base with two new channels. Today, we have 18 million relationships. We focus on deepening those relationships by offering the right product at the right time and consolidating assets under our platform. From here, we're building on the scale and the tools to reach -- and the reach that will propel future growth. Net interest income has certainly been part of the profitability expansion to date, and you can see the driving forces highlighted on Slide 10. We have invested in expanding our bank offerings, allowing us to offer attractive products to our clients on both sides of their balance sheet to meet their needs. We've nearly doubled our lending balances over the last three years, and we expect to continue to grow attractive high-quality loans. On the other side, our deposit franchise has grown significantly since 2019 and will continue to support future NII through various cycles. Approximately 90% of our deposits are sourced from our Wealth Management client base. And in the current rising rate environment, our cost of deposits is more efficient than that we experienced in the last rate hiking cycle. Sharon will discuss this important topic and our outlook around NII further in a few minutes. Let's turn to Slide 11. This now talks about NNA growth, net new assets. Over the last three years, our platform generated nearly $1 trillion of net new assets showing a clear step change from prior periods and marking Morgan Stanley as a leader across our peer group as an asset accumulator. Given the scale and reach of our businesses, we expect to deliver this pace of asset accumulation going forward. Obviously, there will be up and downs in individual years. But over a three-year period, we expect to drive approximately $1 trillion in net new assets. Most importantly, as you can see on the right-hand side of this page, no single source is accounting for greater than 25% of this net new money. Some people think it's just a result of recruiting. It is absolutely not. It's a combination of several things, which the team has described as filling the funnel of net new money. You can see on Slide 12, which shows our growth in client assets, we have experienced that through our workplace channel. We estimate now that relationships wealth held away has expanded by about 4x in the last three years. With our ability to serve clients across the entire wealth spectrum, we're well positioned to consolidate a portion of these assets. Further, the workplace channel continues to bring new relationships to the platform. We've executed on key steps to deepen those. We've already reached our goal to roll out companion accounts to 90% of workplace participants and to achieve 30% retention of stock plan assets. We look forward to even higher retention. The results of our advice-driven strategy are illustrated on Slide 13. The workplace channel has driven the majority of our growth in client relationships and stands at 12 million relationships to date. While it can take several years to deepen those, we've already seen success in some parts of the offering that of our stock plan administrative services. Over the last three years, we've had approximately $350 billion of after-tax vested inflows. Vesting assets gives us more opportunity to deliver an integrated client experience, and that's allowed us to showcase the power of advice. To date, we've already seen adviser-led flows of approximately $150 billion that originated from a workplace relationship. A portion of those assets are the stock plan vested balances, but a larger portion are from assets that were previously held away. In short, we will -- as we deliver our full suite of capabilities, our strategy to attract clients to advice is working. Investment Management has also delivered strong fee-based growth over the course of its own transformation, as you can see on Slide 14, which encapsulates the business together with Eaton Vance. This business has more than doubled its durable asset management and related fees since 2014. And importantly, this significantly larger revenue base is more diversified. Increased diversification from fixed income, customization and alternatives continues to support results in more volatile equity markets. We remain very aligned to key growth areas. Our alternative investment capital is at $210 billion with strong growth in private credit, real assets, including infrastructure, our multi-strategy hedge fund platform and special situations. And customization by our market-leading parametric business continues to be a significant growth engine. Shifting to Institutional Securities on Slide 15, we have a global and balanced franchise. And our integrated investment bank has and continues to focus on meeting clients where they are active. This has served us well as our strength is evident across various market environments. We remain a leader in equity and Investment Banking and have steadily rebuilt our fixed income franchise focused on our strongest capabilities. On Slide 16, you can see our institutional business remains a top three global leader in the industry, as demonstrated by a wallet share position. We have demonstrated our ability to defend share and gain it in relatively more capital-light businesses. At the same time, we've shown prudence over resources as illustrated clearly by the disciplined RWA usage, which actually dropped from '21 to '22 and our consistent G-SIB surcharge of 3%. Let's move to our capital strategy on Slide 17. We have 200 basis points of excess capital above our regulatory requirement. This is intentional. Our capital strategy has focused on bringing the risk down in our businesses, and we've seen a steady decline in our SCB excluding the dividend add-on reflective of our more durable business mix. Our capital position gives us enormous flexibility, and we're comfortable with our decision to be prudently positioned. On Slide 18, you can see our excess capital position enables us to continue to invest in our business for future growth and deliver robust returns to shareholders. Our business transformation, especially the durable earnings from Wealth and Investment Management, enable us to double that dividend -- enabled us to double our dividend in 2021 and further increase it by 11% in 2022. Over the same time, we've reduced our shares outstanding from the much higher levels driven by the impact of our recent acquisitions. Taken together, we delivered a 9% capital return to our shareholders last year. We remain committed to ongoing shareholder return, adjusting always for whatever the business performance is and the regulatory requirements demand. Shifting to how we see the future state on Slide 19. Starting with the expected path to $10 trillion in client assets across Wealth and Investment Management, we've demonstrated our ability to generate over the last three years positive net new assets of approximately $300 million (ph) a year. Combining that with reasonable average market assumptions give us the confidence this will lead to $10 trillion in client assets in reasonable years ahead. Now let's consider this within the broader firm picture, and bear with me for a minute. In 2022, the firm delivered $14 billion of pretax profit. In this future scenario of $10 trillion of assets, which I believe will happen, generating approximately 50 basis points of revenue which is about what we're doing currently at a 30% pretax margin, which is within 2% of what we're doing currently. If you put that math together, it should create of itself over $14 billion of pretax income. As you can see, that exceeds that of the full firm today just from the wealth and asset management businesses. So if you pull it all together, just to wrap it up, Slide 20 reiterates our confidence in our performance goals. They have not changed on account of what's going on in the markets in the last 12 months. These are the metrics we need to support our longer-term objectives. Of note, we've added a new goal that I spoke to earlier that we've talked about in the last six months to generate $1 trillion in net new assets approximately every three years. Again, I'm sure there will be volatility quarter by quarter, year by year. But as we've demonstrated through the funnel of sources, we expect an outcome over three years of approximately $1 trillion. That's about by the way up to 5% to 7% of beginning period assets within wealth and asset management. As we approach 2023, we do so with quiet confidence, recognizing we have a line of sight with the durability of our Wealth and Investment Management businesses and our market share leading positions across much of Institutional Securities. As always, our objectives are subject to major moves in the economic, political or regulatory environment. However, with a constructive outlook and a proven track record we've delivered thus far, we fully expect to achieve our goals over time. I will now turn the call over to Sharon, who will discuss the fourth quarter and annual results and we'd be delighted to take your questions.
Sharon Yeshaya: Thank you, and good morning. In a complex year, the firm delivered solid results. Full year revenues were $53.7 billion, and PBT was $14.1 billion. The fourth quarter contributed to $12.7 billion in revenues and PBT of $2.8 billion. The strategic investments we have made over the last decade have paid off. Wealth Management had a record year and Fixed Income had its strongest performance in over a decade. While the firm was broadly impacted by increased volatility and economic uncertainty, the business model performed very well in a challenging environment as it was designed to do. The full year results included $470 million of integration-related expenses of which $120 million were incurred in the fourth quarter. Excluding these impacts, EPS was $6.36 and $1.31 for the full year and for the quarter respectively. The full year ROTCE was 15.3% and 15.7% excluding the costs associated with integration. In the quarter, severance expenses of $133 million related to a December employee action and a net discrete tax benefit -- or net discrete tax benefits of $89 million largely offset each other through net income. The full year efficiency ratio was 73.2%. Excluding integration-related expenses, our full year efficiency ratio was 72.4%. Total expenses were approximately flat to the prior year. Lower compensation expenses principally related to movements in DCP and on lower revenues were offset by higher non-compensation expenses primarily driven by investments in technology as well as increased marketing and business development spend. As a reminder, this year also included a $200 million charge related to a legal matter regarding the firm's record-keeping requirement in the second quarter. As the environment evolved over the course of 2022, we actively managed our expense base. Cognizant of the ongoing macro uncertainty, we continue to review efficiency opportunities. We are in the final stages of completing our integration of both E*TRADE and Eaton Vance. And this will be the last quarter we present measures that exclude integration-related expenses from reported results. However, particularly as it relates to the integration of E*TRADE, the final back-office integration remains scheduled to conclude in 2023. We expect to incur approximately $325 million of additional integration-related expenses this year. These expenses will largely be spread evenly across quarters with approximately 2/3 related to E*TRADE and 1/3 related to Eaton Vance. Now to the businesses. Institutional Securities full year revenues of $24.4 billion declined 18% from the record prior year. In the fourth quarter, revenues were $4.8 billion. Overall, quarterly client engagement across fixed income and equities tapered from the higher levels seen in the first nine months of the year, reflective of seasonality and the macroeconomic environment. Weaker Investment Banking results persisted, reflecting the challenging banking backdrop. Investment Banking revenues were $5.2 billion for the full year, down 49% from the record prior year. Advisory delivered its second best result, supported in part by the completion of previously announced strategic transactions. Underwriting was more challenged, in line with the broader market. Full year global equity volumes dropped to levels unseen in the last 20 years. Debt volumes contracted following the first quarter. And while the market was receptive to higher quality issuance, activity was limited to constructive market periods. Fourth quarter revenues of $1.3 billion decreased 49% from the prior year. Lower completed M&A and underwriting market volumes weighed on results. As we have highlighted in prior quarters, client dialogue and engagement remains high as clients seek advice to navigate the difficult environment. Greater economic clarity should lead to increased confidence to undertake strategic transactions. And looking ahead, we expect issuers to take advantage of these windows of opportunity. Equity full year trading -- excuse me, equity full year revenues were $10.8 billion, representing another strong year of over $10 billion and making us a global leader in this business. Revenues declined 6% from the record prior year primarily driven by lower market activities. Revenues were $2.2 billion in the quarter, reflecting lower asset levels and volumes. Prime brokerage revenues were lower than the prior year as average client balances declined from record levels driven by lower equity markets and deleveraging. Cash results declined on lower client activity across regions. Derivative results increased slightly as the business navigated the market volatility well. Last year's fourth quarter also benefited from a mark-to-market gain on an investment versus a markdown this quarter. Fixed income revenues of $9 billion for the full year were the highest in over a decade. The divergence between the Fed's guidance on financial tightening and conditions and the market expectations engaged clients and drove revenues in macro while volatile energy markets benefited commodities. Quarterly revenues were $1.4 billion. Macro performance benefited from higher client engagement as inflation expectations moderated, and clients repositioned in rates and foreign exchange. Strength in micro was supported by active secondary markets as expectations for inflation tempered and credit spreads tightened, driving an increase in client activity. Results in commodities were down significantly and primarily reflected lower revenues in the power and gas businesses. Other revenues included $356 million of mark-to-market losses on corporate loans held for sale and loan hedges. These losses were substantially offset by net interest income and fees of $287 million. Turning to Wealth Management. For the full year, Wealth Management produced record revenues of $24.4 billion and a record pretax profit of $6.6 billion, resulting in a PBT margin of 27%. Excluding integration-related expenses of $357 million, the PBT margin was 28.4%. Full year results reflect mark-to-market impacts of our deferred cash-based compensation plans referred to as DCP. This negatively impacts our full year revenues by $858 million with a corresponding decrease of $530 million in compensation expenses. As we have explained historically, there is typically a timing difference between the mark-to-market gains and losses on the economic hedges and the deferred recognition of the compensation expense over the vesting period. The revenue and the expense impact of DCP is now included in our financial supplement. Fourth quarter revenues were a record of $6.6 billion and the PBT margin was 27.8%. Including integration-related expenses of $94 million, the PBT margin was 29.2%. Total client assets were $4.2 trillion. Fee-based flows were $20 billion in the quarter, and asset management revenues were $3.3 billion. Net new assets of $311 billion in the year represent a 6.2% annual growth rate of beginning period assets. Fourth quarter net new assets were $52 billion with contributions across channels. Transactional revenues in the fourth quarter were $931 million. Including the impact of DCP, transactional revenues declined 15% from the prior year. The decline was driven by lower levels of overall retail engagement and fewer new issuance opportunities, partially offset by increased transactions related to fixed income products. Bank lending balances grew by 17% in the year or 13% -- or $17 billion in the year or 13% and stand at $146 billion. The pace of lending growth slowed for the second consecutive quarter and was largely unchanged sequentially. While mortgages and tailored loans continue to grow slowly, this was offset by pay downs in securities-based lending due to the higher interest rate environment. Total deposits rose 6% sequentially to $351 billion driven by continued demand for our savings offering among our Wealth Management clients. We have seen success with our strategy to provide advisers with expanded tools needed to offer their clients choice in varied market environment. Further, the pace of sweep outflows also moderated in the quarter. As a result, we have a favorable deposit mix, largely sourced from our Wealth Management client base with attractive pricing and options to meet our clients' needs. Net interest income was $2.1 billion in the quarter. The 52% increase from the prior year was driven by the benefits of the increased rate environment, an efficient deposit mix and strong lending growth over the last 12 months. Looking ahead, we do not believe that NII has peaked. We enter the year with an attractive deposit base with higher intrinsic value. While we expect the growth of NII to moderate from the pace of the last two quarters, we anticipate continued expansion in the first quarter of approximately 5% sequentially, assuming the forward curve is realized. Investment Management reported full year revenues of $5.4 billion, declining 14% from the prior year. The challenging market backdrop led to lower accrued carried interest in several of our private funds. Also -- and also impacted our AUM, which declined to $1.3 trillion. Fourth quarter revenues were $1.5 billion. Long-term net outflows of $6 billion in the quarter were driven by equities and fixed income, reflecting the challenging public market backdrop, partially offset by demand for alternatives and solutions, particularly parametric customized portfolios as well as our special situation strategies and private credit. Fourth quarter asset management and related fees were $1.4 billion, declining on the back of lower average AUM, partially offset by higher liquidity revenues. As a reminder, performance fees are recognized on an annual basis, largely in the fourth quarter, which drove the increase versus the third quarter. Quarterly performance-based income and other revenues were $90 million. We saw broad-based gains in our private alternatives portfolio, though lower than the prior year. The diversification we gain from having fixed income, parametric customization and alternatives positions us well to perform through the cycle. We continue to invest in this business and leverage our premier global distribution capabilities to support future growth to meet continued global client demand. Turning to the balance sheet. Total spot assets were $1.2 trillion. Standardized RWAs declined by $9 billion sequentially to $449 billion, reflective of our prudent management of resources. Our standardized CET1 ratio was 15.3%, up 50 basis points from the prior quarter. Solid earnings, lower RWAs and gains in OCIs partially offset by capital actions contributed to our strong CET1 ratio. We continue to execute our buyback program, and we repurchased approximately $1.7 billion of common stock in the quarter. The full year tax rate was 20.7% driven by the resolution of certain historic tax matters and the realization of certain tax benefits. We expect our 2023 tax rate to be approximately 23%, which will exhibit some quarterly volatility. The firm's results demonstrate the ability of our business model to perform in an evolving environment. While there are, of course, uncertainties as we look ahead into 2023, we remain the growth opportunities in the year ahead. Our combined $5.5 trillion of assets across Wealth and Investment Management provides us balance. Importantly, our scale positions us well to capture the asset opportunity when the markets recover. Finally, while still very early in the year, we are encouraged by the levels of client engagement we've seen so far. With that, we will now open the line to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI.
Glenn Schorr: I appreciate all the slides, too. Okay. Two big picture questions, I guess. One, James, with the 200 basis points of excess CET1 requirements, the big buffer served you well. You've got a lot of buybacks, but also it's dilutive to returns. And I'm just curious how you balance that of keeping that buffer or is that buffer more temporary weighting on Basel III end game final results? Or is that something you want -- you plan on sitting in? I'm just curious on your big picture resting spot for that excess capital.
James Gorman: Sure. Glenn, it's a great question, and it's sort of pivotal to the whole strategic positioning of the firm because right now, I think capital strategy is critical. There are a few things going on. Firstly, we have been able to reduce our peak to trough in CCAR because of the change in mix in our business. Secondly, because of the market environment we've reduced RWAs, just we've taken maybe a more prudent lean in. And obviously, we can reverse that at any point in time, which heats up CET1. Thirdly, we have the Basel III finally looks like it's coming to fruition at some point in the first half of the year, although I don't expect that banks will be required to implement whatever the new capital rules are until the beginning of 2025. So while there's a pretty long time frame, a year is a long time in this business, let alone 1.5 years, I still think that it's prudent to kind of have some capital sitting there and just -- I'd rather be in a position where we have excess capital when particularly in an environment where we don't see obvious places we've put it to work. Now that said, we did our best. We bought back I think it was $8 billion and $10 billion last year. We doubled the dividend the year before. We increased the dividend 11% last year. Obviously, we're -- I mean, it's fair to assume that we're going to continue moving on capital distributions. But I like a number of 15%. We actually -- we triggered a little higher than that this quarter. We could easily drop down to 14.5%. That wouldn't bother me at all, but that will be driven by the environment and business opportunities. So, great position to be in coming into a change in the regulatory outlook potentially, and we can always act aggressively, and we've proven we will do that when we have more clarity.
Glenn Schorr: I appreciate that. One other big picture is so Wealth Management is growing great. Everybody is happy. I think historically and even now, you've been considered very equity-centric from whether it be wealth and asset management or your dominant equities platform. So curious if you're thinking about it's possible with these higher rates, lots of clients shift to a more defensive stance. There's good income out there to be earned without much risk or too much risk. If we see a more material shift towards fixed income appetite in general, do you think that in any way disadvantages Morgan Stanley as a firm in overall profitability?
James Gorman: I mean, listen, our share of fixed income is 10%; banking, 15; equities, 20. So obviously, the fixed income pool grows. By the way, our share a few years ago, it was 6%. So the team under its Ted and Sam Kellie-Smith has done a phenomenal job. But if the pool grows faster in fixed income, just arithmetically, you're not going to do as well as if the pool grew faster in equities. That doesn't bother me a whole lot. I mean, we've never tried to be the FX EM shop. We've never had the global rates trading, FX trading macro businesses that some of the correspondent-driven commercial banks have had, the HSBCs and Citis. And that's a business model just different. We don't have as big transaction services, so we're not going to have as much FX. That said, what the team have done in macro under Jakob, under credit and Jay Hallik in commodities is really impressive. So I'm totally fine with that. And we clearly have the product. It's not like we don't sell muni bonds to our clients, and we don't have fixed income underwriting, et cetera. We have the product. It's just arithmetically, given our share relative to the others, we wouldn't grow as fast. By the way, I was happy to see I think equities was back at number one this quarter, core franchise. And we're really well positioned, Glenn. I'm not bothered by that at all.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess maybe first question, just Sharon, following up on the efficiency ratio about 72% for 2022. As we think about the journey from 72% to something sub-70% kind of in line with your strategic target, a sense of what it means. Is it this time? And are the businesses growing, which are more efficient and that changes the mix? Or could we see that up 70% even over the next couple of years? Would love to hear it in terms of both from a timing standpoint and what needs to happen at the firm to get to a sustainably below 70% efficiency ratio.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. So if you think about, we were -- we've been below 70%, right? So if you look back to the last couple of years, and there are periods of time where we are below, there's obviously two pieces to it, both the expense side and the revenue side. I think that as we continue to gain scale across the businesses, each of those dollars that we put to work will be more and more efficient. As I highlighted, where we've been investing a lot of those dollars is on the technology side. I noted that in my prepared remarks, and we have seen that both from the cyber resiliency side and also just as we think about the broader integrations of all of the platforms that we've acquired over the last couple of years. So as I think through it and I think about the timing, obviously, a different revenue environment will certainly help. And there's tremendous operating leverage, particularly as you think about the Institutional Securities business, which will help to drive that. Now if you go through each of the businesses, each of those businesses also exhibit operating leverage, right? If you have a constructive market environment, we've seen very strong margins also from the Investment Management business. We're on our way to achieve the 30% margin target as you relate to the Wealth Management business. So I'd say it's a balance of both, both the revenue environment and how that turns around and then just continued discipline and making sure that we have the right investments as we think about our expense base going forward. So we've been extremely prudent and disciplined as we think about the base over the last especially nine months that we've seen with this type of environment.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And I guess just a separate question around market activity obviously highly uncertain how Investment Banking activity shakes out. But if the Fed were to pause and the central banks are done with the majority of the rate hikes, is that enough to drive a rebound in M&A, ECM, DCM? Or do we need a lot more in terms of just confidence returning to the market before we see IB activity picking up? Like what are you hearing for the clients?
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. Why don't I start and if James has anything to add? I basically say that from -- if we think about the Investment Banking pipeline, the pipeline itself isn't what's changed. What's changed is that movement from the pipeline to realized. And when we think about what will cause that, that policy pivot, a peak in inflation, something that allows the CEOs that are actually having those conversations in boardrooms to have more confidence both with their own economic outlook and -- or excuse me, our own company outlook, the economic outlook that hinges on and then also just price clarity valuation certainty. Those are the things that as you think through it, we would expect to see move from the pipeline stage into the realized and announced stage. So the macro environment that you laid out where there is more clarity on the economy and then also a reduction in volatility should help that move forward.
James Gorman: Yes, I would say I think Sharon said it, right. And I am highly confident that when the Fed pauses, deal activity and underwriting activity will go up. I would bet the year on that, in fact. CEO's job is to drive growth in their businesses, and they do that two ways, organic and inorganic. And I've been doing this a long time, and I've done both. And the only tricky part about inorganic once you've got your strategy set is timing. And sometimes, you've got to ignore timing, but if the market is really volatile, it behooves CEOs, particularly those relatively early in their careers to be a little cautious, and that's what we're seeing. That will change.
Operator: We'll go next to Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: And just like to wish Jon Pruzan best of luck, looking forward to watching his next chapter play out. So Sharon, would love to double click on your expectations for NII. I hear you that it's sort of based on the forward curve playing out, and encouraging certainly to hear it's not peaked. But could you maybe give a little bit more color around expectations beyond forward curve? What do you assume for deposit dynamics? Do you think that the decline in sweep balances will continue to decline? What's underlying that? Thanks.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. So, let's take a step back and just say, why did we outperform in the fourth quarter, Brennan? And if you think about that, we obviously -- when we look at the liability side, we outperformed there, and we performed on the asset side. So if we unpack a little bit of the liability side, I take it into two pieces. As you highlighted, it's obviously about the deposit mix and also about pricing. So what we've seen in the deposit mix is that we have seen a moderation in the pace of outflows of those BDPs. Obviously, what -- where we will go from here, we'll need that to play out. But that is something that we take out into account when we think about the first quarter guidance. The second point is, obviously, on the actual liability pricing, we did see an outperformance of that pricing. And when we exit the first quarter, we take that in -- exit, excuse me, the fourth quarter and take that into the first quarter, that's a benefit as well. So, the Fed hiking 125 basis points over the fourth quarter and then being able to have disciplined pricing over the fourth quarter will serve us well in the first.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. Thanks for that. And then certainly different question. Wealth Management, if we look at the client asset trends, they were barely up quarter-over-quarter. Basically, total client assets in wealth were up about the equivalent of the net new assets and can clearly see that self-directed and workplace were a little weak, probably because their exposure -- more exposure to the Qs and the more growthy stocks. Was -- but I would think, given what we saw in the markets that there'd be a bit more of a tailwind to client assets. Was there anything unusual that was happening there?
Sharon Yeshaya: No. Actually and what you highlighted is broadly correct in terms of where you see the broader exposure, the underlying exposure of those different channels. So, it's just a function of the assets that you actually see as well as the mix of the underlying assets based on the channel.
Operator: We'll go next to Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.
Steven Chubak: So wanted to dig in a little bit further, Sharon, as it relates to Brennan's question on NII. The two pieces I want to understand a little bit better is, one, what are you assuming for SBL growth in the coming year or even loan growth broadly across the wealth complex? And secondly, you saw really nice deposit growth in the fourth quarter. I wanted to understand how much of that is a function of tax loss harvesting that you expect to be redeployed? Or do you think any of that deposit growth is actually going to prove to be a bit stickier?
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. I'm just going to take them -- I'll take them in order. The first is, as you asked about loan growth. The NII guidance in the first quarter is not dependent on the loan growth projections. Obviously, the loan growth itself will be a function of the environment. As I said, from an SBL perspective, we have seen some pay downs and it will be dependent on market conditions. Now, the second quarter -- the second question that you asked me around the deposits and the deposit growth, obviously, there are -- there could be a portion of it that does come from, as you mentioned, different inputs that you might see, be that interest, et cetera, in the end of the fourth quarter. But broadly speaking, what we've seen with the deposit base is that we have many channels, i.e. savings, for example, where we can begin to get those deposits and attract new deposits to the institution and to the bank from other sources, external assets held away that come in. And also, as you think about every piece of NNA that comes in over time, the $1 trillion that James mentioned, there's generally a portion of that, that's actually held from a cash perspective. And so that, I think, also needs to be taken account when thinking about the build as you go forward from the deposit, a longer-term deposit perspective.
Steven Chubak: That's great. And just for my follow-up, as it relates to the trading outlook, I thought you guys did a really nice job of articulating some of the potential sources or drivers of inflection in Investment Banking activity. Admittedly, we've experienced a couple of years of pretty gangbusters trading and market activity. I was hoping to get your perspective on how you're thinking about the outlook for the trading businesses. If you're willing to go so far as to suggest what normalization might look like across both FICC and equities would be really helpful.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. I would look at it more holistically from an institutional perspective. And so when I think about what does it mean? We entered -- I remember doing an investor conference in February of last year. And we talked a lot about what is normal and is 2019 normal. And our answer then was we would expect to actually normalize somewhere between 2019 and 2020 from an industry wallet perspective. In fact, it looks as though the industry wallet has just been right around that range within those two bonds. And when we look ahead, we would expect to remain above that 2019 level, and we'll have to see what the upside is. But a lot of that growth in Sales & Trading has come from the divergent central bank policies and has also come from the fact that you have higher yields, right? So when you think about investing in the fixed income product, and you go into that going forward, that could create different dynamics than we would have seen over the earlier 2010 through 2019 or '17 outlook for Sales & Trading.
Operator: We'll go next to Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: I wanted to follow up on the wealth business and the rollout of the companion accounts and the 90% that you've headed. Can you talk about the behavior change or what has happened subsequent to clients receiving those companion accounts and try to get a sense of what that could mean on a longer-term basis in terms of increased activity and asset flows?
Sharon Yeshaya: Absolutely, as James highlighted in his prepared remarks, the intention is to generally be in a position where we're able to offer the right type of advice and content and wealth advice over the course in time when we go into the workplace. And so when we think about the retention of assets or we think about the companion account rollout, eventually, what that's really doing is to make sure that we've provided content. We look at content, as I've said before, as a passport into the employees. And you think about that as financial wellness. Something that Jed highlighted in his presentation in the spring is, generally speaking, when you see $1 of vested assets that come into the institution through the stock plan business, we actually see approximately $9 compared to that $1 that come from assets held away. That's the consolidation of assets once you have this advice-based channel and the advice-based relationship. And so, what we're trying to do is build on that. We have an FA referral process. We continue to use technology to help match the right individuals with the right FAs. We have better relationship management within E*TRADE and making sure that larger accounts are also connected appropriately to the right teams. These are all ways to build the right advice for the right clients to provide them choice and give them a reason to bring assets held away into the institution.
Dan Fannon: Got it. Okay. And then just as a follow-up, you talked about the longer-term efficiency potential. But I guess the thing about fourth quarter, there was some severance looking at non-comp expense as you think about next year. I just want to understand how we should think about the base level of expenses and potential changes and/or where you're looking to be more efficient into this year?
Sharon Yeshaya: I mean, we're always, as I said in my prepared remarks, looking at efficiency opportunities where there might exist. We just, as you highlight through the severance, we just had a December employee action. So, we obviously walk in with a different level of comfort as we kind of think about the expense base going forward. But as we've done with our own resources from a capital perspective, we'll remain nimble and prudent, and look forward if and as the economic environment changes.
James Gorman: I think just on the efficiency ratio, it's worth pointing out and Sharon mentioned this earlier, if you actually average the last two years, '21, '22, you end up right at 70%. '21 was about 67, '22 at 73. Part of it is revenue driven. We took the efficiency that will take some expenses out in the coming year. We also want to feed the beast. I mean, we're growing parts of this firm. We're trying to -- we don't -- we're not of the view that we're heading into a dark period, whatever negativity in the world is out there. That's not our house views. So we want to make sure we're positioned for growth. This thing will turn. M&A underwriting will come back. I'm positive of it. So, we want to be well positioned for it, but we're going to manage to that number of around 70% as best as we can.
Operator: We'll go next to Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: I have a bigger picture. James, you gave us some very good detail about the expectations for growth in the Wealth Management and the new assets, $1 trillion every three years. When you're looking at your three channels, the adviser-led workplace and self-directed, where do you see the most growth? And which one has the best margin that can get you to that 30% goal?
James Gorman: Well, the adviser is the biggest, obviously, by far. We have 15,000, 16,000 advisers, phenomenal business. The direct channel is from the acquisition of E*TRADE combined with our Morgan Stanley Direct, great business. Obviously, it's a little more market sensitive, a little more active, particularly on the option side during bullish market environments. And the workplace is sort of the sleeper. I've said previously, I think, two years ago, I thought in a decade, we'd look back at this firm and say that the workplace was the most significant strategic change to happen over the last decade. I truly believe that the workplace employee, the retirement space is sort of the next frontier, and we're right in the middle of that. So as to margins, they're probably margin accretive in reverse order. In other words, workplace first, the direct second and the adviser third, that's simply a function of advisers. We have adviser payout, and God bless them for the jobs that they do, and we're very happy to pay them. So I think it's a combination, Gerard, of all three of them. We will hit the 30% margin. I mean, we're almost there now in a more challenging environment. So that zero anxiety about whether it's this year or next year, it's coming, and all of them will contribute.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. I appreciate that. And Sharon, you talked about the marks that you took in the corporate loan portfolio in the quarter, just over $350 million, I think you said. Can you share with us how big is that portfolio? And where did the marks come from? Were they bridge loans? Or what drove those marks?
Sharon Yeshaya: So you have different disclosures as it relates to various loans and lending that we give. As we think about that line, it's inclusive of losses across the loan portfolio. And it was also worth highlighting there that we also mentioned the interest that you receive on the loans that we hold as well as the fees associated with those loans.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo.
Mike Mayo: James, last quarter, I asked you when will you be ready for plan B if the pipeline doesn't seem like it's going to be converted, and you said you're at plan A minus, so just kind of looking for an update there. And in terms of the headwinds, if I hear you correctly, it sounds like the pipeline is still good but down quarter-over-quarter because some of those deals have converted. And also, you said it's still not back yet. And as it relates to the Twitter financing, you were the lead bank. Can you disclose any write-down that you had on Twitter or simply the leveraged loan category? So that's the headwind. On the other hand, I guess, there's been some reports that you've reduced headcount. So if you could just give us more color on that, especially Twitter?
James Gorman: Okay. Let me try and unpack that a little bit. I'm not going to talk about Twitter. We don't talk about single names as you would expect. You did see the line -- the other ISG line. You can assume that whatever marks we took on any single name are reflected in that. And I think the way I think about this is we run a portfolio business. We obviously have single credits at any point in time that disappoint relative to others. But it's the total package, and the total package, if you look at it actually turned out to be very fine given the environment we're in. So on the plan B, I don't know if the rip we did -- we took about 1,800 heads in early December, would equate to a plan B. It certainly felt like it. We've reduced -- we took a severance charge, Mike, which affected some of the efficiency ratio for this year, but we'll improve it for next year. And that was the rightsizing. We were frankly a little overdue. We hadn't done anything for a couple of years. We've had a lot of growth, and we'll continue monitoring that. Obviously, with the way bonus pools work, we reflected the performance of the firm in the bonus pool. So we're not very different from the rest of the world in that regard. And that obviously resets comp a little bit. So, I feel good about where the whole package is. I'm actually, as I said earlier alluded to I'm a little more confident about the long -- medium-term outlook for the market. I'm not talking about the first quarter or two, although Sharon said the first quarter has actually started well. But the medium-term outlook for the markets, I see the Fed has moved from 75 to 50, likely to go to 25. The next stop on the train line is zero and then to mention they start cutting. Not sure they're going to cut this year, but I think there'll be zero increases this year for sure. So that's the inflection point. And there's a lot of money sitting around waiting to be put to work. And that's our job is to be the flow of capital between those who have it, and those who need it. So I'm pretty confident actually about the outlook. So we're -- we've done our plan B, I guess. We're not anticipating a plan C. And we're going to watch and wait for a little while, but I feel pretty good about it.
Operator: We'll take our last question from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: I was wondering if you could talk a bit more about the flows within Investment Management, both the long-term and liquidity and how you're thinking about the outlook there specifically in the long term?
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure, absolutely. The long term, obviously, what we saw over the course of this year was some movements in equities. That was the most notable. That obviously had to do with some of the higher growth specific -- the specific funds that we have there. But I think you have to really think about those long terms from a long-term basis, right? So you're just focusing on this year, but there were many, many years of very strong flows into that business. What's important is actually the diversification that we had because of Eaton Vance, where we have other products that we're able to offset some of the long -- some of the outflows in, say, the equity product, for example. So parametric is one where we continue to see inflows throughout even the course of this year. We're really focused on the secular growth trends, sustainability, alternatives and customization more broadly. Those are the things that we think as we move forward, we'll be positive for those line items.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you, everyone, for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-14 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to Morgan Stanley's Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. On behalf of Morgan Stanley, I will begin the call with the following information and disclaimers. This call is being recorded. During today's presentation, we will refer to our earnings release and financial supplement, copies of which are available at morganstanley.com. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to our notices regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures that appear in the earnings release. This presentation may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent. I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James Gorman: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us, and I know we're starting a little later than some of the previous quarters. So I appreciate you staying with us. The Firm performed well in a very uncertain and difficult environment. An ROTCE of 15%, excluding integration expenses, flexes stability and strength of the business model. Wealth Management pre-tax margin, excluding integration expenses, was 28.4% and coupled with $65 billion of net new assets, demonstrates how this business even in a very volatile market environment and with indices down over 20% this year, continues to attract new client assets and remains highly profitable. This business' enormous scale and channel diversification should ensure continued success.  Investment Management and Investment Banking were clearly impacted by the market environment. But as I've said elsewhere, advisory and underwriting activity has not gone away, it has simply been deferred. Fixed income and equities remains very solid with no areas of obvious concern. Both businesses navigated the complicated markets without serious incidents.  Finally, the strength of our capital position is very clear, as shown by the continuation of our strong buyback program with $2.6 billion of share repurchases in this past quarter, coupled that with a dividend yield north of 3% and a CET1 ratio of 14.8%. On an operating basis, this Firm is doing well in a post-COVID world. From a markets perspective, we expect continued volatility as the Federal Reserve continues to tighten policy such to bring down inflation to acceptable long-term levels. This is an environment where it behoves management to be prudent but balanced, a wholesale retreat from the markets is not called for. But at the same time, I must be more cautious in credit-sensitive parts of the business. Fortunately, the business model changes for the past decade or more, plus the acquisitions of Smith Barney, E*TRADE and Eaton Vance put us in a position of significant relative strength and should support solid absolute performance in the months ahead. I'll now turn the call over to Sharon to discuss the quarter in detail, and together, we'll take your questions.
Sharon Yeshaya: Thank you, and good morning. The Firm produced revenues of $13 billion in the quarter. Our EPS was $1.47, and our ROTCE was 14.6%. Excluding integration-related expenses, our EPS was $1.53, and our ROTCE was 15.2%. We built our business model to perform through the cycle and withstand volatile environments, evidenced again by the performance this quarter. In Institutional Securities, fixed income benefited from macroeconomic developments and in Wealth Management, we continue to attract strong net new assets, underscoring the benefits of an advice-driven model and a variety of backdrops. The Firm's year-to-date efficiency ratio was 72%. Excluding integration-related expenses, our year-to-date efficiency ratio was 71%, ensuring future growth remains a priority, and we continue to invest in tech-driven efficiencies. And with the abatement of COVID-related restrictions, marketing and business development expenses have progressively normalized as our teams reengage with clients and our colleagues in person. Efficiency remains an important performance objective and we review incremental spend on an ongoing basis. Now to the businesses. Institutional Securities revenues were $5.8 billion, down from the robust prior year, but seasonally strong for -- seasonally strong rather, for a seasonally slower quarter relative to historical levels. Strength in fixed income and equities was a counterbalance to muted activity and investment banking. Investment Banking revenues decreased year-over-year to $1.3 billion, with meaningful declines across products, particularly underwriting. Ongoing market volatility continued to weigh on issuance and led clients to delay strategic actions. Advisory revenues were $693 million. Solid results reflected the completion of previously announced strategic transactions. Revenues were down relative to the record prior year and in line with broader M&A market volumes. Equity underwriting revenues were $218 million with year-over-year declines across products, reflecting the overall volatility in global equity markets. Fixed income underwriting revenues were $366 million. Investment grade issuance fared better. Issuers took advantage of favorable windows and investors demonstrated selectivity in a more challenging market. We remain engaged with clients and strategic dialogues are active across multiple industry groups. The eventual conversion to announcement is dependent on clarity around macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, growth and geopolitics as well as the stabilization of valuation. Equity revenues were $2.5 billion, the business performed well against the backdrop of equity market declines and volatility. Prime Brokerage revenues decreased from last year. Results were impacted by lower average balances reflective of client deleveraging, which was partially offset by the mix of client balances. Cash and derivative results declined versus the prior year as client activity moderated. Fixed income revenues of $2.2 billion represented the highest third quarter in over a decade driven by strength across the macro complex. Macro revenue increased meaningfully versus the prior period. Inflationary pressure as well as central bank and fiscal activity drove volatility higher. By extension, changes in portfolios supported client engagement and increased flow trading activity, benefiting rates and foreign exchange. Micro revenues were in line with the prior year. Revenues favored the Americas more in the current period. Other revenues declined from the prior year and reflected a loss of $100 million. Mark-to-market losses on event and relationship loans, net of hedges and movements in revenues related to deferred cash-based compensation contributed to the decrease. Turning to Wealth Management. The business continues to deliver strong results despite the economic uncertainty. Revenues increased from the prior year to a robust $6.1 billion as we continue to grow the more stable parts of our Firm. The rising rate environment supported net interest income, more than offsetting the lower asset management and transactional revenues. Pre-tax profit was $1.6 billion, and the PBT margin was 26.9%. Excluding integration-related expenses, the PBT margin reached 28.4%, underscoring the resiliency of this business against the backdrop of declining asset values. Total net new assets were $65 billion in the quarter, bringing year-to-date net new assets to $260 billion. Asset consolidation from existing clients, net new clients, workplace relationships and positive net recruiting were all sources of strength. The growth of net new assets highlights the value of trusted advice especially through periods of market uncertainty. Our platform continues to attract advisors who recognize the integral role of the Wealth Management business at the Firm, and the value advisors gain by leveraging our technology and our products to best serve their clients. Transactional revenues of $616 million declined from the prior period, due to lower retail engagement and the impact of movements in revenues related to deferred compensation plans. Asset management revenues of $3.4 billion primarily reflected lower market levels. Fee-based flows were $17 billion, moderating from the robust levels seen in recent quarters, suggesting retail hesitancy to invest in managed products in uncertain markets. Bank lending balances grew to $146 billion. And on a year-to-date basis, balances have grown by $16 billion on a year-to-date basis. Rather, this quarter, balances have grown by $16 billion. The pace of loan growth slowed this quarter on the back of paydowns in securities-based lending and moderating mortgage growth. Total deposits declined by 2% in the quarter to $332 billion. There was a shift in mix to higher-yielding saving products as our expanded bank offering attracted clients' investable cash. Net interest income was $2 billion, up nearly 50% from the prior year. In this accelerated rate hike cycle, we have outperformed our model beta across our deposit portfolio, which has more than offset the changing mix of our deposit base. Through the end of the year, we would expect NII to remain broadly in line with the guidance provided last quarter. Noting that some of the rate benefit was pulled forward into the third quarter. Despite this period of heightened uncertainty and volatility, we achieved consistent growth in Wealth Management. We continue to deliver strong net new assets and demonstrate economies of scale with considerable growth opportunities ahead. Turning to Investment Management. Revenues of $1.2 billion declined from the prior period, substantially driven by lower asset values as well as the impact of outflows over the last year. Total AUM ended at $1.3 trillion. Long-term flows were approximately $2 billion. While equity strategies continue to see outflows, the pace has moderated from recent quarters. Interest rate volatility negatively impacted fixed income flows. However, our broadened portfolio also delivered offsets. Inflows of $7 billion into our Alternative and Solutions platform were led by continued demand for Parametric customized portfolios and our direct indexing and tax-efficient investing capabilities, as well as continued demand for private credit. Liquidity and Overlay Services had outflows of $32 billion. Clients likely relocated money market holdings to alternative risk-free assets. Asset management and related fees were $1.3 billion. The impact of lower average AUM led to the year-over-year decline. Performance-based income and other revenues were a net loss of $101 million, primarily driven by the markdown of a single underlying public investment in one of our Asia private equity funds. Investments in the business and the integration of Eaton Vance continue to progress well. We are investing in products and vehicles that will allow us to deliver solutions to a broader set of clients. Our strategic focus on secular growth areas such as alternatives and direct indexing, supported by our ability to globally distribute products, positions us well to perform through the cycle. Turning to the balance sheet. Standardized RWAs were relatively flat, ending the quarter at $460 billion. Prudent management of resources was partially offset by an increase due to market volatility. During the third quarter, we also bought back $2.6 billion of stock, taking advantage of our current valuation and utilizing the flexibility of our repurchase authorization. OCI related to our available-for-sale securities portfolio reflected unrealized losses of $1.3 billion. While this should be earned back over time, it reduced our CET1 ratio by approximately 30 basis points in the quarter. Our standardized CET1 ratio was 14.8%, approximately 150 basis points above our regulatory requirement, inclusive of buffers as of October 1. Capital remains critical to our strategy, particularly in this rapidly evolving backdrop. Our tax rate was 21.4% for the quarter, down from the third quarter of last year, primarily driven by the realization of certain tax benefits. We now expect that our full year '22 tax rate will be approximately 22%. Looking ahead, the broader economic outlook remains uncertain. While we cannot be sure how the market dynamics will play out, we remain confident in our strategy, particularly our ability to aggregate client assets in Wealth Management, support our Institutional clients and deliver diversified solutions in Investment Management, all while prudently managing our capital profile and focusing on our strategic goals.  With that, we will now open up the line to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Ebrahim Poonawala from Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess -- so James, you alluded to a lot of cross-currents. I fully appreciate that. I think from your shareholders' perspective, I think why folks own Morgan Stanley is some degree of confidence on the superior ROE, defensibility of that ROE. Just talk to us as you think about -- I mean, we've already seen a ton of market volatility. As we look forward, your confidence where return on tangible equity, 15%, 16%, how defensible do you think that is and understanding the quarter-to-quarter volatility. But how defensible do you think that is? And remind us about the synergies from Eaton Vance, E*TRADE, et cetera, that we should be mindful of when we think about Morgan Stanley's growth relative to what happens to the market?
James Gorman: Great. Well, that's a good broad question to kick it off. I would say, first of all, we're thrilled with the deals we did with E*TRADE and Eaton Vance. I mean they’ve both worked better than expectations. In Eaton Vance, for example, the gem that is Parametric as just the gift that keeps giving. E*TRADE with the deposits that we brought over through that deal, what we've done with the stock plan business is now combined with ours, 35% of the S&P companies. And obviously, having a digital banking platform, I've often described E*TRADE, it's a technology company, and we brought a lot of technology with that. So just on those two things, thrilled with it.  In terms of the overall environment and how we play in that environment, maybe I'll just touch on the environment for a minute. It shouldn't be surprising what's going on in the market. So I'm kind of surprised every time I see somebody on TV who seems surprised by it. We had zero interest rates for a decade. We have massive monetary and fiscal stimulus. We have the first land war in Europe in 70 years. The highest inflation in 40 years, and the Fed had to move. Now my opinion was they moved late, but they moved and they're going to keep moving. And rates are now around 3%, they're probably going to go mid-4s, but that remains to be determined. And with that, there will be consequences. So far, we haven't seen clarity around inflation abating. My guess is that we will see that clarity and it will be more evident certainly by the middle of next year. And I think the Fed will be successful in this journey, but that's a gut from all the numbers I'm looking at, but it doesn't mean I'm going to be right. The world obviously remains volatile.  We -- you're going to see some disruption. We're seeing it. Some of the more ridiculous stuff that's been in the market in the last few years, company is trading at 50x revenues, what's gone on with Bitcoin trade at $60,000 some of the -- what's going on in some of the GameStop and other companies where there's been these sort of aberration type trading. I mean that's been washed out. And that's okay. We're back to sort of fundamentals.  So how does Morgan Stanley play in that? Investment Management, obviously gets hurt when fees are down because asset prices are down. But I'm not -- I don't think we're in a long-term financial depreciation. So I'm not particularly concerned about that. As I've said, the banking pipeline and underwriting gets deferred. People don't stop doing deals. In fact, there was a deal announced this morning. And there'll be much more deals as we get closer to economic clarity. Our sales and trading businesses remain robust. We are holding share in those. I feel very good about that. And a lot of that business is actually repeatable. If you think of Prime Brokerage, it's actually very stable. And with Wealth Management, we brought in $65 billion of new money in one of the most difficult quarters that we've had in 15 years. I mean, that would have been unthinkable even two years ago. So the fact our clients are continuing to bring us money and the funnel of all the ways the money comes in the door is working, it's not -- that's not an accident. That's a business model design. So I'm really happy with the way that's working out.  So in aggregate, I am pretty relaxed. I mean, our CET1 around 14.8%. We're required to have 13.3%, I think. And I don't know if that answers your question, we could probably spend all day talking about it. But the environment is difficult, but we are not under stress.
Ebrahim Poonawala : No, it did. And just one quick follow-up to that. At the same time, you've shown a tendency to lean in the opportunistic Eaton Vance, E*TRADE, a lot of disruption among your peers, both here in Europe. Any -- like how do you think about just Morgan Stanley leaning in to actually gain share in this backdrop?
James Gorman : Well, I think you've got to keep investing. And we are not making major cutbacks across the plant. I mean I'm sure Sharon will talk about expenses in a minute. We're obviously being prudent. But we don't see any reason for great draconian measures. We've built a business model. And in times like this is when -- if you can sustain it, you actually do very well coming out the other side. So I feel pretty good about our relative position, to be honest.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Christian Bolu with Autonomous.
Christian Bolu : Maybe, Sharon, on the deposits, I hear your comments on deposit mix shift but sweep deposits were down, I think, 18% Q-on-Q, which I think is the worst quarter decline by significant margin. So I'm a little surprised that you said deposit beta expectations -- deposit beta is in line with expectations. I guess my question is, how are you now thinking about your guide for 50% terminal deposit beta. Is that still realistic given the Fed is still hiking and obviously the pace here of sweep deposit decline?
Sharon Yeshaya : Sure. So let me just take them and separate them a little. So the change that you saw in mix of deposits, you actually -- what we saw is we have -- I would label it as transactional cash and investable cash. The transactional cash is the sweep deposits that you're talking about. And as James said, with the expanded offering, which was also aided by E*TRADE, we have more diversified products than we've ever had before. And in fact, what we've seen is the savings account that we offer is those other deposits is where those -- that investable cash is going when it's new to the bank. So from the aggregate standpoint, Morgan Stanley actually has the vast majority of its deposits is coming from the Wealth Management system. This is important when we compare it to the last period that you're talking about because that actually wasn't the case. So we had sweep deposits. We had some savings in CDs, but a big chunk of that was actually wholesale that was coming from outside. So what James has said with us being able to attract these new assets, these are new assets that are sitting at Morgan Stanley that over time can be deployed as you think about either different investment opportunities or different transactional opportunities.  As it relates to deposit beta, we are outperforming the deposit beta that we've modeled, which is where that NII is still coming from. So NII, as you know, Christian, is going to be made of three different things: the deposit beta, the actual deposit mix and then loan growth. And taken together, that's still propelling NII to where it was this quarter.
Christian Bolu : Okay. Maybe on just leverage lending and the bridge book. Can you speak to your balance sheet risk appetite? You guys seem to be on a number of sort of like home deals, Citrix, Twitter, et cetera. So first of all, how big is your bridge book or leverage loan book, however you want to characterize it? And then second, are you increasing your risk appetite here to capture opportunities? And then how are you thinking about managing that risk?
Sharon Yeshaya : So broadly speaking, I'd say we've been extremely prudent in terms of risk management. I think that's most notable actually when you think about our RWAs and just our capital position. So we've been looking at different risk-based metrics really over time and bringing them down over the course of the year. So that's for the entire institution, just knowing that we've entered into what feels like a more volatile period. And as you think about those different relationship and event net of hedges, over the course of this quarter, they actually were quite modest marks, given the environment.
Operator: We'll go next to Glenn Schorr with Evercore.
Glenn Schorr : So maybe a follow-up on the deposit conversation. I'm curious, you have these expanded offerings. You have the provided savings accounts. How do you monitor and how do you guide client behavior? And is the goal at all costs keep deposits in-house, even if the cost of those deposits is a lot higher than sitting in a brokerage account? I'm just curious on the how to.
Sharon Yeshaya : The intention, of course, is to give the clients opportunities and choice, Glenn, as you know, which has been our position over the course of the last God knows how long. But the intention is to give them as many offerings as possible. And yes, as you said, if we can bring those assets in and give them an opportunity to have a savings account or we can issue CDs or as you've always talked about, we have other types of things such as alternatives. What it does is it brings those assets in-house. And then in a point where they want to be deployed into the marketplace, we can do that. As it relates to what we might necessarily give to different deposits, it would be, of course, again, related to the transactional versus investable cash.
Glenn Schorr : Maybe staying in Wealth, the -- you've been very successful at growing your securities-based loan book. I think of those as extremely low risk to Morgan Stanley. But backed by securities and securities of all types have fallen a lot. So I'm curious if you can comment on how big is the book? Will it still grow? And how are you managing the whole margin call situation? Just get a mark-to-market on that, that would be great.
Sharon Yeshaya : Sure. So we have seen a pay down specifically this quarter, so just in terms of the actual book. But in terms of the risk, which you highlight, we've always said it's really more of an operational risk than anything else. We have obviously seen margin calls, and they've all been handled very well over the course of the quarter. So we haven't seen any issues there. And in addition to that, I think when you look at the LTVs, what we noticed when we have those -- we obviously look at that data internally. And it is very much in line with the longer-dated historical average. And for this quarter, it was over the course of the quarter, on average, was in line with last quarter as well. So I think that book remains very well managed, means a great opportunity and option for our client base. And of course, it will just be dependent on the environment itself.
Operator: We'll go next to Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken : I'd like to drill in a little bit, Sharon, to the comments that you made around deposit betas and deposits and what's been changing in the mix for you all. That all makes a lot of sense. I think that there's clear benefits to having deposits much more oriented to the Wealth Management business and it helps to watch that mix between the sweep and other. But the idea that the NII guide is essentially unchanged and you had $250 million growth quarter-over-quarter, that suggests that basically NII is going to be flat into 4Q. So is that -- have we hit -- given the dynamics, given you have wealthier clients and you have more of their cash, and so you -- there's -- if you want to keep that funding which is, of course, more attractive than wholesale, then you're going to have to pay for it in those savings accounts. And so therefore, is it just -- and with loan growth slowing, is it just right to just assume that, okay, this is probably like the stable level of NII for at least the foreseeable future as we head into 2023? Or will we hit a point where you'll be able to continue to see some -- resume some growth and we've just entered this transition period. How should we think about it a little bit longer term?
Sharon Yeshaya : Yes. I think -- I mean the truth is, I think we'll have to see, right? So you're right in your assumption that that's basically what it implies in terms of the quarter-over-quarter for NII. Obviously, we haven't given 2023 guidance yet. And the reason, I mean, aside from the fact that we generally give guidance in January. But aside from that, the guidance would obviously also take into place what is actually happening with the deposit mix. And I do think that this is -- obviously, is an accelerated rate hike cycle. The deposit behavior is still playing out, but the intention here is really to make sure that we have these deposits in-house, and they will continue to be deployed into the marketplace over time. So that's the balance that one is trying to achieve when you think about that deposit mix and what we're actually doing from a great bank and growth perspective. On the loan side, I think that, again, where you see the positivity is these are environmental factors, right? So when you think of household penetration from our FAs into different mortgage and lending products, those things continue to rise. So what you're focused on, which is completely fair, is really going to be dependent largely on the environment itself, how quickly you see rates move and then how you see deposit behavior play out over time.
Brennan Hawken : Okay. That is all totally fair. Thanks for that color. Second question would be on the LevFin book. There's definitely some increased focus there. You referenced some marks through the Institutional business on the other line, which wasn't that surprising given the environment. But how are you thinking about managing those risks? There still is some inventory that The Street broadly is going to need to work through and investor appetite has been weak. And so how have you hedged that book? How should we be thinking about those risks going forward? And how are you continuing to manage it?
Sharon Yeshaya : Clearly, prudent disciplined risk management. And I think that the markets that you've seen so far underscores and underlines that. I think that the other point that I would just mention, as we think about the outlook perspective, what you saw over the course of the third quarter was that the market and issuers and others are very opportunistic as it relates to wins, and it's a window specific driven market. And so when you do see positive windows, and we saw it in August, and we saw in early September, you do see movement. And so, one is watching that calendar as you think through that. And I think we're looking for those market receptivities and for those favorable windows.
James Gorman : I'd just add to it. I mean, there's obviously been a lot of talk about this here in a couple of names in particular, and we can't talk about individual names as much as I'm sure you'd all like us to. By the way, they're not hung deals until they're actually out there. But put that aside. About a year ago, a little over a year ago, we turned quite conservative, Brennan. We across the whole plant we pulled in a little bit. And we pulled in with our margin book, particularly our Asia margin book. We looked across our whole Prime Brokerage platform, and we pulled in a little bit with certain clients there. And we've been quite cautious in our leverage finance arena. And as somebody mentioned one transaction, Citrix, we're actually a small player in that. So we're not -- it's not like we've been large in this space, which might account for the fact -- in the other line, which is -- incorporates a bunch of things, including loan losses, number actually is very modest. I think it was like negative 100. And there are a few pluses in there and minuses. But the aggregate picture is not that -- frankly, it's just not that troubling. We'll remain cautious, as I said in my sort of opening comments, particularly in credit sensitive areas. We're a big institution. We serve a lot of clients. You don't get this perfect. But I feel actually pretty good about the way we've navigated this so far. So stay tuned to it.
Operator: We'll go next to Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon : I wanted to follow up on the wealth side in terms of organic growth. The fee-based growth did slow a bit. And I think, Sharon, you mentioned some decision-making maybe being a little bit more challenged or slowdown in this type of backdrop. But maybe could you just talk more broadly about the channels that you're seeing growth in both the total flows as well as maybe what's -- where the rate of change might be either the biggest or slowest, whether that's through existing advisors, workplace in the various funnels that you have out there?
Sharon Yeshaya : Sure. I think that's a really great question because I think it is pretty remarkable to see $65 billion of assets in a quarter such as this one, it is coming from different parts of the funnel. Specifically, though, the advice-based channel is the one aggregating the most at this point in time versus the self-directed itself, which isn't surprising. But what's so interesting about the advice-based channel is it's a, existing and new clients? Yes. But also, we're beginning to see more and more referrals and more and more anecdotes and stories where you actually see the assets that's coming through the advice-based channel is actually coming through different referrals that we might have seen from the actual workplace relationships. And so we've been on a lot of time when you look at workplace and finding a way to, a, provide better content and more content to various employers, specifically in this environment, which is very, very well received.  The number two sort of point is that when you think about the FA, we've talked a lot about how to match various FAs within the workplace. The more and more referrals and the more and more data we have, who's able to monetize those referrals, the better and better it is. And so we're seeing that continue to pick up. And then from a workplace perspective, we also have integrated various relationship managers that we might have seen with the workplace into the actual FA teams. All of those things taken together is coming through from an NNA perspective, the advisor-based channel, but it's clearly a positivity if you sort of think of the rate of change where some of that might be coming from. So I think very proud of the results on the net new asset side.
Dan Fannon : Okay. And then just to follow up on expenses. You broadly obviously talked about being focused on efficiency. But is there anything specific you can point to that you're doing differently or thinking about as you start budgeting for next year or even as we go into the fourth quarter that from a rate of change that you're focused on?
Sharon Yeshaya : Well, I'd say that we've been focused on expenses, well, all year -- I mean, we're always focused on expenses, but very much in the spring of this year, we've been taking -- and I spoke about it in the last two earnings call, a very hard look at all of the expenses and just continuing to manage them on an individual project level, understanding where all the costs are coming from and also understanding where the growth is -- we're balancing that, of course, with the need to continue to invest, not only on the business side but also continuing to make sure that the infrastructure and controls are there as you think about expanding the business. So it's really around foundational side where some of those expenses might also be coming through as you think about technology, migration, et cetera. So it's just -- it's tactical in nature as well as this holistic approach of just making sure that you're very cognizant. But it's certainly part of something that we're thinking through as we look at the budgeting perspective.
James Gorman : We also -- I mean, obviously, we're looking at headcount. I mean we're -- you've got to take into account the rate of growth we've had in the last few years, and we've learned some things through in COVID about how we can operate more efficiently. So that's something that the management team is working between now and the end of the year. And again, we want to provide growth opportunities across the platform, but we've also identified some efficiencies. So over time, that will become clearer.
Operator: We'll go next to Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan : I want to start on fixed income trading. Obviously, revenues have been quite healthy in the volatile rate environment. Customers moving around their portfolios, as you guys noted, been a long time since we've seen these levels of rates. So I'm curious how you guys are thinking about what a higher for longer environment looks like for fixed income trading once rates settle in. I'm assuming more movement in yield on an absolute basis could be helpful, but would it be great to get your views from any historical context or just broader expectations.
Sharon Yeshaya : Absolutely. It's interesting. I think when we looked at the beginning of this year, and we said, okay, how do you think about the fixed income environment? What stood out isn't just the absolute level of rates but it's also the dispersion of what's going on in different economies. So if you think -- if you go back a decade and you had all rates at zero for every economy and all of a sudden, you've moved to a place where you have divergent views, obviously also driving foreign exchange, for example. So I think all of that taken together is one that we keep looking at. It's clear that should that continue. That's a place where one would expect higher volatility and, therefore, by definition, likely higher client engagement. And so as we go forward, that's clearly something that we're looking at. But that's how I would reflect where the fixed income market is right now versus where it's been, say, 10 years ago.
Devin Ryan : Yes. Okay. Just a quick follow-up here, also just on kind of corporate M&A opportunities. Obviously, evaluations across financials and fintech are down pretty dramatically over the last year. And so I'm curious whether you're seeing more maybe opportunities emerge, maybe things you were looking for, but just more sellers potentially coming to market given some of the challenging macro that we're seeing and also the big change in valuations over the last nine months to a year.
James Gorman : I mean you're going to see a little bit of a washout in some of the fintech space. I mean this is reality. You've seen companies trading at valuations with which God we could only dream of over here in our modest little house. But they're just not reality. And that washes out, you'll see consolidation. A lot of these businesses are scale-driven businesses. We have enormous technology requirements to support cyber and stop client fraud, and data control and management and so on. So consolidation is the key word. At these prices, I think the sellers are only there if they need to sell. They're probably holding out for something a little more balanced. And maybe if my projection is right that sort of end of next year, so in the fintech space. Generally, consolidation across financial services has been the catchword for a decade, and we've moved aggressively to be at the front of that. And I think that's just reflecting reality, scale matters.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Michael Mayo : First one, just a general question. Can you just give more details on your tech spending, how much you're spending, what that's growing, how much is to change the bank? I know I've asked you before about how much of your workload you look to move to the cloud, maybe how many apps you have? Just a little bit more meat on the bones. I appreciated the wealth expo that you held in June. I recognize the cost avoidance that you've achieved with the acquisition of E*TRADE. Now that your backbone is complete, your tech backbone, but these are kind of high-level tech comments that you've made. So any public comments that you can give to put more meat on the bones would be appreciated.
James Gorman : Why don't I take that, Mike? I think we don't publicly break out tech. And maybe we'll do more of that through next year. But I would say, just to give you some sense of sort of what the focus is, obviously, moving to the cloud was a big deal, and you saw the deals that we did in that. All of the innovation that's taking place in the financial advisor channel, the next best action, the virtual advisors, all of the technology, and I think you probably saw some of that. The work we've done around workplace. Solium is basically a tech company. E*TRADE is a tech company. Building a workplace platform that doesn't revolve around a financial intermediary, but all of it goes straight from stock plans straight into vested E*TRADE accounts. We're doing a bunch of work. We just did -- reviewed our electronic trading platform in Equities, some of they're doing equities, some fixed income. And some of the opportunities to leverage the derivatives trading within the E*TRADE platform with our electronic trading within our Equities Group. So -- and a lot of stuff we're doing around cyber, data protection, data management. AI is a huge effort.  We have a group of people, our distinguished engineers, which we appoint each year, a group of very sophisticated technology software engineers and designers and we had new class just welcomed him actually last week, I think it was. So enormous amount of work going on.  I mean to your base question, tech spend is going up. I think it's fair to say along with some of our controls and compliance areas, it's the fastest-growing part of this Firm. But that's good because it's displacing things we would be doing manually, which we shouldn't be doing manually. So I'm perfectly happy to see our tech spend go up. A lot of it is around new innovation, but we're also running a plant which is driving $60 billion in revenue. And there's just basic tech infrastructure that we keep modernizing that is the backbone of that plant. So hopefully, that gives you a bit of a sense.
Michael Mayo : All right. Maybe drive specifics in another area. You have $65 billion of inflows to wealth in a tough market noted. But I see the definition of inflows has changed over the last year to also include dividends, interest and asset acquisitions. That's from the note in the earnings supplement. So how much of the $65 billion inflows to wealth were related to dividends, interest and asset acquisitions?
Sharon Yeshaya : I just would highlight, there are no asset acquisitions this quarter, and the dividends and interest was always included in that definition.
James Gorman : Yes, that's -- I mean, to my knowledge, that's not a change that has happened at least in the last two decades, so.
Operator: We'll go next to Jeremy Sigee with BNP Paribas.
Jeremy Sigee : You talked about E*TRADE and workplace and the multichannel business model, which I think is very powerful. I just wanted to ask because that all bedded down now? Is that fully operational humming along? Or are there any major integration steps or implementation steps still to be done?
Sharon Yeshaya : So last time, integration, I talked about this actually in the call in January, there will be a back office conversion that we'll see in 2023. But that's the most major thing that we have left to be done. As well as over the course of the fourth quarter, we will expect something in terms of integration expense, specifically from an E*TRADE perspective, it will look similar to the third quarter.
Jeremy Sigee : And in terms of referral between the channels, that capability, that's fully happening already. That's in place. It's happening all the capability is there.
Sharon Yeshaya : I'm sorry, I misunderstood the question that you were talking specifically about the integration expenses and how we were thinking about that is from a referral perspective, I would say there's still a lot more that will continue to be done. So we're just scratching the surface of that entire -- those relationships and bringing those funnels together. What I mentioned, for example, as you think about the referral programs, that's just beginning, right? So the better data that we have amongst who's the best FA to refer to the referral workplace relationship to -- that will just continue as you kind of better understand and aggregate data. Remember, we've invested a lot in the capabilities that you would consider AI in nature. It gives you a better sense of what does someone do with his or her next stock plan distribution, for example, do they buy a house, do they need a mortgage? Okay, what happens at this stage in someone's life cycle? So the more and more data that we aggregate across all of these channels, the more and more powerful the Wealth Management business becomes. So to James' point around the technology investment, that technology investment is core to be able to continue to grow the business with what we've called that we discussed this project genome before.
James Gorman: I'd just repeat something that Andy Saperstein said at one of the recent conferences that our plan is to generate $1 trillion of new money, new client money every three years. So it's $330 billion. Obviously, in a very difficult environment like this, it's -- that run rate is more challenging, but we've had quarters where we've been much higher than where we are now. So it's about, call it, $75 billion, a little more $80 billion a quarter. And in this quarter, we did $65 billion. That is an unbelievable number. If you think about $1 trillion, we generate over 50 basis points -- 50 basis points per dollar of assets. So that is an unbelievable revenue machine. And there are many, many factors contributing to it. It is a completely different business model because of workplace because of the direct channels, because of what we've done with the bank and the way we've changed the whole financial advisory interaction with their clients through technology.  So very exciting this path that we're on, and it's heading towards what I've said, my long-term goal here is $10 trillion in clients' money at 50 basis points is a $50 billion business. And that's the target we're heading for, and that's where we're going to go.
Operator: We'll go next to Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy : James, you mentioned that obviously, it's no real surprise the market conditions, as you described, some of the issues we've confronted this year. And obviously, capital raising is going to come back at some point. Can you guys give us a little further color on your pipelines of what you're seeing possibly for the fourth quarter as we go into the first of next year in the Investment Banking and trading areas?
Sharon Yeshaya : The pipelines are solid. The activity, I think what's interesting is continues to be across a diversified base of different companies. So it's not just about one sector in particular. But as James and I highlighted, I think it's really around that macroeconomic factors, and that's geopolitics, et cetera. But what it really ends up doing is creates uncertainty in the cost of capital and in valuation, which therefore also impacts price discovery. And so that's kind of the -- what's the clincher in terms of this realization of what remains a solid pipeline.
Gerard Cassidy : Do you think your clients are more realistic about that price discovery today, Sharon, versus maybe six months ago?
Sharon Yeshaya : I think that people are digesting the various prices and I do think that you're beginning to see that on, say, an issuance perspective, right? So if you think about the cost of capital, that also took people time to -- or rather companies time to digest and understand that we are in a different regime where treasuries are. And so it means that their cost of capital is also higher. And you might not have necessarily seen issuance right away because those corporate balance sheets were there. And now you might see an opportunistic or more prudent behavior from a treasurer or CFO. And so I think that as that mindset begins to shift, then yes, over time, the valuation mindset begins to shift as well.
James Gorman : I mean just to -- I'm on the road a lot, and I see a lot of CEOs. I mean I think the CEOs of sort of established or on the path to established companies are getting very realistic. And they want to get on with business. I mean you can't sit on your hands forever. You've got to figure out always a better way to do business. And the environment, it's wonderful if you have zero interest rates, but that's unsustainable. So we've moved to a normalized and obviously, we're going to go a little higher than that to beat inflation back, but people are adjusting to that. I think the ones that are struggling still, companies that -- private companies that were valued at, let's just say, spotty levels and they're doing new rounds and they're finding they're just not paid at the same. And that's hard to accept as an entrepreneur, it's their baby and they want to believe that it's what it was at the peak. And maybe it was revalued at the peak. That's just what profiting markets do. And again, some of these public companies that have traded down from their offering price because we're in a different environment and money has got more expensive. So those groups will take longer to adjust. But this is sort of real politic around core businesses that have been around for a while, they adjust pretty quickly. I mean, we all get it. We've all been through different cycles. You get a little lucky in certain cycles where things are really cheap. And then you got to move a little harder and a little faster when things aren't. And we've done deals in both kinds of cycles.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you, everyone, for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-14 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to Morgan Stanley’s Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. On behalf of Morgan Stanley, I will begin the call with the following information and disclaimers. This call is being recorded. During today’s presentation, we will refer to our earnings release and financial supplement, copies of which are available at morganstanley.com. Today’s presentation may include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to our notices regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures that appear in the earnings release. This presentation may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent. I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James Gorman: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. We are doing the call a little differently this time. I am in London, Sharon is in New York. So, if we have any logistical gaps for a second or two please understand, but I think we will be just fine. The firm delivered a very solid quarter against obviously what is a more challenging backdrop. Our businesses proved resilient, reflecting an important aspect of our strategy, and that is to, as we have said many times, deliver stable performance in a difficult environment while remaining well capitalized. The integrations of E*TRADE and Eaton Vance continued to expand our opportunities to reach new clients, grow assets and support the firm’s overall stability. Net new assets in Wealth Management of over $50 billion, despite the volatility and clients tax-related withdrawals in the quarter, underscored the scale of our business and its power to attract assets. And in the face of a sharp decline of equity markets, Wealth Management delivered a strong PBT and improved margin supported by the benefits of rising rates. Investment Management benefited from its diversification and we saw continued momentum in private alternatives, parametric customized portfolios and the countercyclicality of our money market business. Finally, in Institutional Securities, our strong franchise in equity and fixed income helps materially counter what everybody knows to be limited activity across Investment Banking. Our results this quarter also reflected two notable headwinds that are worth calling out. First, we saw a significant movement in the investments related to deferred cash based compensation plans. While the marks on these investments are substantially offsetting compensation expense, they created significant drag on top line revenues in the quarter across the firm, particularly in Wealth Management, where the impact of revenues exceeded $500 million. Secondly, the quarter results also included the legal costs of $200 million that reflects the likely resolution of regulatory investigations by the SEC and the CFTC regarding employees’ use of unapproved personal devices and the firm’s recordkeeping requirements. This has been the subject of industry-wide scrutiny. Our ROTCE, excluding integration expenses for the deals that we have done, was 14.3%, down 20% in Q1 and from last year. As I said at the outset, our objective to demonstrate resilience and balance in a more difficult economic cycle was achieved this quarter, helped in part by the acquisition of E*TRADE and Eaton Vance in what was otherwise a challenging environment. Finally, the Fed stress test further affirmed our differentiated business model. Our diversified business mix, as well as our strong capital position, provides us the flexibility to invest for future growth and support our robust capital return program. As such, we increased our quarterly dividend by 11% and announced a $20 billion multiyear buyback program. Having a dividend that’s aligned to the more stable earnings from Wealth and Investment Management is a leading priority of this firm. And by the way, today’s stock price, the current dividend has a yield of approximately 4%. With the buyback, we wanted more flexibility than an annual fixed commitment allows. Given the nature of our business model, it’s especially appealing to have this additional flexibility to deploy capital at what we believe to be attractive valuations. I will now turn the call over to Sharon. And as always, at the end, we will take your questions.
Sharon Yeshaya: Thank you and good morning. The firm produced revenues of $13.1 billion in the second quarter. Our EPS was $1.39 and our ROTCE was 13.8%. Excluding integration-related expenses, our EPS was $1.44 and our ROTCE was 14.3%. Our results reaffirm the stability of the franchise against a challenging backdrop and the benefits of a balanced business model. The integrated investment bank continues to serve clients’ evolving needs in a dynamic environment. Wealth Management benefited from its scale and rising rates. Despite the decline in global asset prices, our expanded product set in Investment Management proved supportive to that business. The firm’s year-to-date efficiency ratio, excluding integration-related expenses, was 70%. This includes the $200 million legal matter related to the firm’s recordkeeping requirements that James discussed. Given the broader market uncertainty and inflationary environment, we are focused on discretionary spend while balancing continued investment initiatives and ensuring the right controls are in place to support future growth. As a management team, our priority is to diligently address what we can control given the market realities. We will continue to review incremental spend as we regard efficiency as a critical performance objective. Now to the businesses, institutional revenue of over $6 billion demonstrates the power of our balanced franchise against the difficult market backdrop. Revenues declined from the exceptionally strong prior year, while the backdrop was challenging for Investment Banking, particularly underwriting, fixed income and equities led the strength of the quarter as clients navigated volatile markets. Investment Banking revenues were $1.1 billion, down significantly from the prior year. Heightened volatility led clients to delay strategic actions and new issue activity. Advisory revenues were $598 million, reflecting lower completed M&A volumes. Equity underwriting revenues declined to $148 million. Results were in line with global equity volumes, which fell meaningfully versus the prior year. Fixed income underwriting revenues were $326 million, also down compared to the prior year as bond issuance was muted across both investment grade and non-investment-grade companies. The Investment Banking pipeline remains solid. Conversion to realize will largely be dependent on market conditions and corporate confidence. Equity revenues were $3 billion, reflecting the strength of our business against a volatile backdrop. Prime brokerage revenue... [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Please standby as we reconnect our speakers. Please continue.
Sharon Yeshaya: Our revenues declined versus the prior year and reflected a loss of $413 million. Mark-to-market losses on corporate loans held-for-sale including event loans offset by gains on hedges were $282 million. This reflected the widening of credit spreads. Notable declines in deferred-based – in deferred cash-based compensation plans compared to gains in the prior year also contributed to the decline. Turning to ISG lending, as a reminder, over 90% of our ISG loans and commitments are either investment grade or secured. Our Institutional Securities Group credit portfolio continues to perform well. Our funded ratio on corporate loans stands at approximately 11%, in line with pre-pandemic levels and well below the first quarter 2020 peak of approximately 25%. Turning to Wealth Management, by several measures, performance was strong despite the volatile backdrop. We reported revenues of $5.7 billion. Results were meaningfully impacted by movements in DCP, which reduced revenues by $515 million in the quarter. Excluding the impact of DCP, revenues increased 6% from the prior year to $6.3 billion, a new record. The decline in DCP was substantially offset by a reduction in compensation expense. Excluding integration-related expenses, PBT was robust at $1.6 billion and the margin increased to 28.2%. The margin resilience in a turbulent market environment serves as evidence of the strength of the franchise and the benefits of our business mix, including the growth of our banking offerings. Transactional revenues were $291 million. Excluding the impact of DCP, transactional revenues declined 17%. Lower revenues reflect a moderation of client activity from last year’s elevated levels and limited new issuance. Self-directed daily average trades remained well above E*TRADE’s pre-acquisition high. Asset management revenues of $3.5 billion were up modestly versus the prior year driven by strong fee-based flows realized over recent quarters. Fee-based flow assets were $29 billion in the quarter and fee-based assets now represent 50% of our adviser-led assets. Total net new assets were $53 billion in the quarter bringing year-to-date NNA to $195 billion, representing a 6% annualized growth rate. Tax outflows were roughly double that of recent second quarters and yet asset generation remains strong and balanced. NNA was driven by existing and new clients in the adviser-led channel, stock plan vesting events, positive net recruiting and self-directed channel inflows. Bank lending balances grew $7 billion in the quarter driven by securities based lending and mortgages. We continue to expect full year loan growth of $22 billion. Deposits declined $12 billion in the quarter to $340 billion. The decline was associated with seasonal tax outflows and the deployment of rate-sensitive cash. The outflows were largely in line with our expectations. The average rate of deposits increased to 28 basis points. This was driven by an increase in savings account rates and deposit mix. Net interest income was $1.7 billion, up notably from the prior year, driven by higher rates and continued strong bank lending growth. Looking ahead to the second quarter, NII is now a more reasonable exit rate going forward. While the magnitude of rate hikes is not certain, if the forward curve is realized and our model assumptions materialize, we estimate $500 million of incremental NII to be spread over the upcoming two quarters weighted towards the fourth quarter. Turning to Investment Management, revenues were $1.4 billion. Against the challenging public market environment, our results demonstrate the benefits of our diversified product mix, particularly with strength in our portfolio solutions led by Parametric customization and private alternative funds as well as our liquidity offering. We have built a portfolio that provides balance across various market environments. The benefits of these efforts were apparent in the quarter. Total AUM was $1.4 trillion. Long-term net outflows of $3.5 billion primarily reflect recurring headwinds in equity strategies that were partially offset by strong demand in alternatives and solutions, particularly in Parametric customized portfolios. Collaboration with our Wealth Management business as well as other U.S. wealth management platforms is a driver of strength of our customized offerings. Liquidity net inflows exceeded $30 billion. We have invested in our liquidity business in the past decade, which has positioned our franchise well to benefit from the current rising rate environment. Asset management and related fees were $1.3 billion. The impact of lower AUM was partially offset by higher liquidity fee revenue as rates came off of a zero-bound. Performance-based income and other revenues were $107 million in the quarter. We saw broad-based gains in our private alternative portfolio with particular strength in infrastructure and the energy sector investment. The decline versus the prior year was driven by movements in DCP and markdowns on public investments. Overall, our integration with Eaton Vance continues to progress well. We have seen early success in leveraging our global distribution across our combined businesses. Turning to the balance sheet, total spot assets declined 4% from the prior quarter to $1.2 trillion. Our standardized CET1 ratio was 15.2%, up 70 basis points versus the prior quarter. Standardized RWAs notably decreased to $461 billion from the prior quarter as we manage our exposure efficiently across our businesses amid a market decline. The result was a reduction in RWAs of $40 billion. OCI related to our available-for-sale securities portfolio reflected an increase of unrealized losses of $1.1 billion. While this should be earned back over time, it reduced our CET1 ratio by approximately 20 basis points in the quarter. Our supplementary leverage ratio was 5.4%. During the second quarter, we completed our $12 billion buyback plan that we announced last year. The most recent stress test results further reaffirmed our durable business model and we announced a dividend increase of 11% and a $20 billion multiyear repurchase authorization. Looking ahead, while the second half of the year remains difficult to predict, we are focused on our underlying business drivers. Lower asset values will impact revenue in both Wealth and Investment Management. However, in Wealth Management, rising rates are already driving NII higher, supporting performance and net new assets remain healthy in Investment Management. The diversification across fund strategies should continue to support results. What we do not know is how much volatility we will see in the coming months and how it will impact our Institutional Securities business. However, our competitive positions remains strong and we remain close to our clients while they assess current valuations and the overall environment. With that, we will now open the line up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Christian Bolu with Autonomous.
Christian Bolu: Thank you. Good afternoon, James I guess and then good morning Sharon. Maybe start on the macro, James, it’s a very confusing time on the macro front and there are some positives but a ton of headwinds. I’d also say this quarter was unusually noisy for Morgan Stanley and I think you kind of put up your lowest ROE in almost 2 years? So just curious how you are thinking about the macro backdrop, how is MS positioned for that backdrop? Maybe how you think about your pathway to achieve some of your longer term targets in the current backdrop? Thanks.
James Gorman: Sure. Thanks, Christian. I think you hit on the head, the environment – if I had to use one word to describe it, it would be complicated. We have the Russian invasion of the Ukraine, obviously, an historic occasion. We have historically low rates with very significant rate increases going around the world. We have got the tail of COVID. We have got obviously the fears of inflation and actual inflation. We have got enormous political change just here in this country, the UK, where I am at the moment. They had a leadership change a few days ago, supply chain issues, China-U.S. relations, etcetera, so yes, very complicated. I think it’s important to say though, it is not 2008 complicated. This is a different type of financial stress in the system. And frankly, the banking sector is much stronger than it was going into the last time we went through a major reset in ‘07/08. Morgan Stanley is in particular, I won’t speak for others, but we are in specifically much better shape. We are long in the U.S. in our businesses, largely because Wealth Management is almost entirely U.S. and the U.S. is yet again sort of a great region to be in, in the world. And yes, while we might head into some form of recession – and I, like many of others, have tried to handicap it, but we are frankly guessing at this stage, but I think it’s unlikely to be a deep and dramatic recession at least in the U.S. I think Asia is a little behind. It depends how COVID rolls out, and it’s sort of reemerging a little bit in some countries. And then Europe is obviously – is fighting the hardest right now because of the war in the Ukraine, because of the pressure on gas and gas prices and so on. So when I look at Morgan Stanley, sort of added all together, we did exactly what we wanted to do this quarter. Yes, it’s the lowest ROE for a couple of years after, I think, 3 consecutive record years, but hey, this is the most difficult environment we’ve been in decades. So I’m okay with the lower ROE, particularly when it has a ten-handle on it. We have – CET1 capital ratio is 200 basis points above our requirement. Our ROTCE was nearly 14%. If you look at the Wealth Management margins, we did a 27% margin, including integration this quarter, 28% without it. Those numbers were unheard of a few years ago. So you add it all together, the environment, very complicated, lots of uncertainty. But frankly, for our business model, I think we fare relatively well. And evidence of that is our confidence in the future, and I’m sure we will talk about that in terms of capital and so on.
Christian Bolu: Okay. Thank you, James. Maybe, Sharon, some more specifics around the buyback, just thinking about how you’re thinking about buybacks in the second half of the year. I mean your CET1 did grow quarter-over-quarter, but I think a little of that was RWA declining. It looks like actually CET1 dollars are still falling – have been falling for a while. So I don’t know, can you maintain the sort of $2.7 billion-ish buyback per quarter going forward or any more specifics around how long it will take to exhaust that $20 billion in buybacks you announced?
Sharon Yeshaya: Well, multiyear obviously means more than 1 year. So sort of just to put that in perspective, but I think that the most important thing about the buyback and also the capital more broadly is we’ve been very prudent and efficient around our capital usage. I think that we’ve always said that capital is very much tied to strategy. They are one and the same. And so we think about them holistically. When we think specifically about the buyback and the concept of a multiyear repurchase plan, right, two points: one, we did complete our old authorization. So therefore, we had announced a new authorization. And in addition to that, the point is we provide ourselves with tremendous flexibility in an environment such as this one where there are, as James said, multiple macroeconomic factors but also a commitment to continue to return capital to those shareholders, be that both in the evidenced by the increase in the dividend. And I think that what we’re looking for is really – is flexibility around the capital purchase plan.
James Gorman: I just want to add something. I mean it was an important move to $20 billion number. And we said multiyear for a reason. Obviously, we’re not going to do that in 1 year, but we have enormous flexibility quarter-to-quarter now, and that’s really important. And with 200 basis points of capital access, we can use some of that flexibility. Listen, the stock trade – I don’t know what it is this morning, $72 or something, it was $109 a couple of months ago. I like buying the stock at $72. And by the way, every time you buy a share at $72, your retiring dividend worth $3.10. So there is a sort of virtuous circle, if we bought back – we’re averaging about 6% of shares outstanding net, we’re buying back plus a 4% dividend, shareholders getting great return without getting out of bed. So this is a statement of confidence of, a, our capital position; and, b, the resilience of our business model.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Glenn Schorr with Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thanks. Maybe just a follow-on on the buyback convo and broaden it out. When you look across all the big GSIBs, lots of higher – I’m sorry, lots of the GSIBs, lots have higher GSIB buffers coming, capital deficiency to their targets and don’t have the access that you have. So I get it, buyback cheap stock is great. Are there any other options that you ponder like maybe using that capital to grow share in any parts of the business or just save it for a rainy day, like I am curious on how that dynamic works being one of the only ones with the excess position?
James Gorman: Well, it’s – Glenn, this is sort of the ultimate question. We’ve built through a decade of, frankly, hard work and discipline, a great excess capital position. Not for nothing along the way, we did two major acquisitions. So we’re using it on deals and two small ones, Solium and Mesa West, you recall, the majors, of course, E*TRADE and Eaton Vance. We’ve taken the dividend. Last year, we doubled the dividend. And this year, we took it up another 11%. It wasn’t so long ago, our dividend was $0.05 a quarter. The incremental change this year is $0.075 a quarter. So we’ve used on that. We’re investing in the business everywhere, particularly around the workplace retirement space. We’ve invested in the digital bank and building out the wealth space. We’ve invested in asset management and our capability, and we’re going to be doing more of that, taking the Eaton Vance Funds internationally, expanding the Parametric program. And then we’re investing in banking. I mean, obviously, the banking calendar has been terrible the last few months, but that’s not – we’re interested in the next 10 years, not the last few months. So the only thing we haven’t done with excess capital is do a special dividend. And that’s something I’m just personally not a fan of. I just don’t – I think it’s like giving shareholders a problem and saying, we don’t know what to do with their money. Here, you take it. So what we like to do with that money, invest it in the business, check; give you a smart dividend with a 4% yield, check; and do buybacks and have flexibility around it when the stock is trading. At the beginning of the year for every x dollars we spent, we’ve got 4 shares retired. Now we’re retiring 5 shares. I like that.
Glenn Schorr: Cool. I appreciate all that, James. A follow-up on Wealth Management, Sharon, thank you, you gave color on new money coming into which types of accounts and new clients. I’m curious, what are they doing with it? In other words, is it sitting in cash? Our cash position is higher than they usually are. What products are they going to? And then thirdly, you’re the largest gatherer of alternative assets. Has this market brought any noticeable impact to that opportunity on the wealth channel? Thank you.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. Let me start with the last. No, no change in opportunity. I think we continue to actually work very closely with different alternative managers as we go forward and think about – educate FAs, educate FAs, educate their clients and use that relationship to continue to create the right products for our clients, all based on education through both channels. In terms of what are they doing with that money, I think what you do see is a lot of the money ends up moving into fee-based over time, right? So look at the fact that we aggregated all these net new assets over recent quarters that first often does come into the system as cash when they are brought over. And then that cash is then deployed into various types of fee-based asset accounts. I think it’s worth noting and just repeating that those fee-based assets are now 50% of our adviser-led channel and those assets, which is a big move from those somewhat 40s, low 40s that we had seen in previous years. In terms of very specifically what we’ve seen over the course of the first half of this year in terms of different types of products, we were sitting at the end of the fourth quarter with cash levels at around 17% to 18% around the self-directed and the advice-based channel. We’re now around 21%. Of course, that could be reflective of some of the equity asset values and the other asset values coming down to increase. But there is somewhat of – there is a pause, I think, people are waiting and observing in certain end markets to deploy that cash. And I think that, that’s just – you can see that in the transactional coming down a bit and/or it’s coming down a bit, but I don’t want to suggest that the engagement isn’t there, because we still are at levels where our engagement as thought about by the most DART metrics and just what we’ve seen in transactional, it’s still higher than levels where we were from a pre pandemic basis. So people are engaged, people are active, and they are seeking advice from their FAs.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Steve Chubak with Wolfe Research.
Steve Chubak: Hi, good morning. So wanted to ask a follow-up question on the deposit outlook, as you noted in the prepared remarks, just lots of crosscurrents this quarter on the deposit side, tax seasonality, cash sorting and maybe some offset from higher market volatility? And given the NII guidance, Sharon that you had laid out, I was hoping you could speak to what you’re assuming for deposit betas and the deposit growth trajectory given the myopic focus on cash sorting and recognizing that you already laid out some pretty explicit guidance on the loan growth side?
Sharon Yeshaya: I think what you just noted at the very end is very important because all of this is weighted into that NII forecast, right? Deposit beta is just one piece of that conversation, the behavior and then also how we continue to build in an aggregate, be it new assets through NNA and also various types of, as you call it, cash sorting, but the movements of cash between products and that behavior of deposits. Specific to your question around the beta, as we’ve said, we are informed by the last rate hike cycle, and it does have to do with the weighted beta at 50, which I had noted last quarter, and we will just reiterate again this quarter. There really has to do with the deposit composition mix that we have. So we have obviously accumulated very increased levels on those smaller accounts with smaller account levels. And we might have other accounts where we’ve seen larger inflows into larger accounts, right? So account balances that are higher might also have gone up over time. And that helps to explain the deposit beta, which we see now based again, as I said, on that deposit composition mix. It will not just be, though, of course, around deposit beta. A lot that is embedded into the forecast, as I said, has to do with how we see those deposit behavior moving over time. And again, a lot of that is informed by what we saw in the last rate hike cycle.
Steve Chubak: Very helpful color, Sharon. And maybe just a follow-up on the earlier discussion on organic growth, I mean the 4% number, which, considering the more pronounced tax seasonality, elevated market volatility, was certainly an impressive result. If the market volatility persists, should we view this as a reasonable floor on organic growth? And I was also hoping you could just speak to the cadence of flows from April to June, just to give us a sense as to how organic growth is trajecting over the course of the quarter?
Sharon Yeshaya: Well, the cadence is obviously – you’re not going to – you’ve seen more in the second quarter – I mean you’ve seen a different mix, right, in the second 2 months than the first month because you had a tax outflow season. So that kind of gives you the change in those two numbers. I think what we have seen is a continue – you have a lot that comes in from a flow-based basis is just – if you think about workplace, you’re going to see that development and continue. As people have exercised their options, they continue to move forward. So there are various types of offsets. I think what’s important as we look forward, in terms of where is the floor, look, we have said historically, we don’t expect to be in that very low single-digit range, which we were before the acquisition of E*TRADE. We said that 11% was too high. So that kind of gave you that middle range. Exactly how it will pan out, what I can say to you is that it does look – it’s still healthy, and we’re still – we still feel well positioned. As it relates specifically to other indicators that you might think about – for example, recruiting. When – recruiting pipeline remains healthy. And what we often see and tactically, anecdotally is when those recruits come over, they will be – they could be in a market volatility event actually be quicker to begin to bring those assets that were held away into the channel, why? Because they are seeking to be with their FA through that advice-led channel more immediately, so as you called it, there are cross currents. And I think they are into – bear in mind in this environment.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. Wanted to follow-up on Investment Management and the fee outlook, you have, obviously, beta working against you in some of your higher fee products, but you have fee waivers coming off on the money market side. So as you think about mix and client behavior going forward, how do you think about the fee rate in that business longer-term?
Sharon Yeshaya: It’s a great question. I am sure you will see the disclosure also that will come out in the Q specifically for this business. But just to give you a sense, the fee rates themselves haven’t changed. What changes – what has changed is the mix of the actual flows themselves. So we’ve seen a decrease over the course of the last two quarters in some of those equity accounts, for example, which, as is disclosed, could be higher – can have higher fees. But what we have seen is an increase in balances. In things like liquidity, we’re now not seeing the fee waivers since we’ve moved off that zero-bound floor. We had given you previous guidance of $200 million that we expected to see as an incremental fee positive over the course of the year as those waivers went away because rates came off of that zero-bound. We stand behind that guidance, and you’ve continued to see that flow into the numbers. I think, though, what is important is, obviously, where could you see things change, is the liquidity balances, right. It’s a rate time balance question, as I said before. And the balance is in this case, I think, is a testament to the amount of time and the investment we’ve put into this business to find relationships also across the integrated investment bank where we’ve worked with partners in Institutional Securities, for example, to help forge relationships that will help bring in some of those deposits into those money market products.
Dan Fannon: Great. Thank you. And then just as a follow-up, given the backdrop we’re in where revenues are a bit more challenged or uncertain. As you think about non-comp expense, and you highlighted being focused on this area and being efficient, but have you proactively started to make decisions around spend and cutting back or as you think about that flexibility in the back half of the year, is there a way to quantify levels of growth or lack thereof and any changes?
Sharon Yeshaya: So the first point that I would highlight to you is that ex integration, our efficiency ratio is at 7%, and that includes the legal charge that James mentioned this quarter. So I think we have shown and continues to demonstrate discipline around our expense base, very similar to the way we think about capital. Resources, we think about it very holistically and part of our strategic decision-making process. As we walked into the second quarter, we were aware that the environment was changing, and we all had been seeing the same events that – we’ve all witnessed together as it relates to the geopolitical front and the macro side. And we came in and we took a look – a hard look and we continue to do so, individual product by product, investment by investment, project by project to understand where are the potential growth in expenses coming from, how are we thinking about balancing, as James said, that near-term investment, making sure that we need to get on certain things. We always need to ensure that as we invest also with a longer-term horizon, the right controls are in place as we continue to grow the business efficiently, but are there projects that can be delayed that we might be doing on the margin? So I’d say that, that work is in flight, has been in flight. It’s not new information, and it’s certainly something that we are keeping our eyes on.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hi, good morning. Just one more follow-up on the Institutional Securities business. So you talked about market share opportunities, which you clearly have. Would love to hear your thoughts around just the health of, one, how is the plumbing in the capital market functioning? We saw a bunch of headlines around hung deals, et cetera, during the quarter. So just how are clients holding up on the institutional side? And given how strong the franchise already is on the Prime Brokerage side, is there more opportunity there? I realize that was a big driver of the growth this quarter. So would love to hear your thoughts?
Sharon Yeshaya: The – from – basically, in terms of the capital market functioning, as James said, this is not – we’re not in a position of the same kind of stress we’ve seen in other necessary cycles. We’re still seeing functioning markets. You can see that in just some of the funded balance points that I made across the ISG portfolio in terms of funded balances being at 11% versus even the pandemic, we have seen those balances up to 25%. So I would certainly say that you see institutions that are in a good place. I also think from a corporate perspective, it is worth noting that many came into this from an environmental perspective in a much better position than they have before because they did issue and we’re in a good spot from a balance sheet perspective in the period of low rates that you saw over the course of last year. Of course, there are days where it’s more difficult to come to market. That is very clear as you see that in the underwriting results. So just to provide that balance, of course, it’s not the same thing as having a green screen every single day. But I think that you are seeing both institutions and corporations, etcetera, taking advantage of days where the market is open, and they are able to do that, and from that perspective, the market is functioning. As it relates to Prime Brokerage, we have been very balanced in that business. I think we have been a tremendous leader in that business. And we continue to effectively look for the relationships that we are well suited for both in this environment that makes sense to partner with clients. You see that on the balance side. You see that on the revenue side. And you see that the mix also matters to us. And so from that perspective, we have been very focused on the equities business more holistically for over a decade now.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Thanks for that. And just on the fixed income. So, appreciate that you all right-sized the business a few years ago. Like given the capital constraints at your peers, does it make sense maybe, James or Sharon, to like lean in and revisit areas where you could actually pick up share on the fixed income side or no?
James Gorman: Listen, there is always opportunities to an environment where you can try and pick up share. We are in a bit of an uncertain world, as I opened with. I don’t think this is the time to be overly aggressive personally. I like the fact we have excess capital. I like where our CET1 ratio is. Obviously, as you drive up RWAs, you read into that. We actually brought up RWAs down by $40 billion this quarter. I think the institutional team in both fixed income and equities were very prudent and appropriately so. So, listen, if the option is to trigger another 50 basis points on the SCB or generate another, I don’t know, $100 million, $200 million in revenue. That for me is a very easy call right now. I like the 50 basis points that we haven’t had to trigger that some of our competitors have. So, listen, we will be eyes wide open, but we are not trying to win the game right now. There is a – the fixed income business has gone from doing, I don’t know what they were doing, $500 million, $600 million a quarter in the back half of 2015. And we are consistently somewhere between $1.75 billion and $3 billion, that’s – they have done a phenomenal job. They have materially gained share. I think we are around 10% share up from 6% or lower in those days, stable business, great leadership. So, yes, we will be opportunistic, but we are not going to be greedy.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to follow-up on Steve’s questions on deposit beta, but rather talk about the balance side of things. So, the brokerage sweep deposits declined by about $30 billion this quarter. Sharon, I think you referenced that it – that was driven by both tax payments, but also some yield seeking. Could you maybe break that down a little bit, or do you have a sense about what that attribution would be, just so we can kind of level set and think about how much further potential deposit – deposit loss there could be from further yield seeking?
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes. I think the better – I mean I think that one quarter would be a little bit difficult to kind of draw those conclusions. I think the way I would think about it, Brennan, is a little bit differently, which is some of the questions I know we have received are, well, why didn’t your beta come down because you had E*TRADE. And so those balances should be in a position where you should have an average weighted beta that’s lower over time. So, I think the best way to kind of answer your question a little bit more head on in terms of where the underlying crux is, is we have seen balances also increase in the higher account level. That’s built into the model. It’s built into our expectations. It’s built into the forecast. And we have said, as I said directly in my remarks, we also saw the deposit behavior very much in line with what we expected. And so it is working in terms of that predictability. But why is the beta then higher, some of that beta just has to do with – you have some higher balances. Why, because you accumulated them likely at periods of time where yields were lower, and there was excess cash that was sitting in position. And so some of that higher balanced amount begins to leave seeking out higher-yielding payments. So, I think that can help give you a little bit of construct in terms of what’s going on from the balance perspective to more directly, I think answer the question rather than just look at one quarter’s behavior.
Brennan Hawken: Sure. Okay. That’s fair. Thank you. And then when we think about the SBL book, you flagged the $22 billion of continued loan growth. So, it seems like you are expecting loan growth in the back half to be about half of what you saw in the first half a little more than that, but not by much. So – and it makes sense, it would slow. Can you talk about what we have seen from an LTV perspective in the SBL book and whether or not some of that slowing loan growth is going to reflect some – maybe some SBL pay-down, or is there the potential of some SBL reduction just because LTVs are getting high, and so there is going to need to be some of that just mechanically and maybe also how you manage those LTVs in these choppy market environments?
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes. So, the LTVs are very well managed. No, it’s okay. Okay. I am just trying to remember it all. So, from the LTV perspective, as you would expect, we are very much actually in line with where we have been from historical years. And the reason for that is it is a very well-managed book. And why any uptick at all, as you would expect, obviously, the value of the underlying has gone down. But from a historical basis, we have always been within that – sort of given a 40% range or low-40% range, we are in that range, and we are very much, like I said in line over the last couple of years. Now as it relates directly to what we are looking forward and seeing, I think what’s important here is that from a mortgage perspective, you might see some slowing just obviously given where rates are. Now, why would the SBLs come down, you just might not have as much interest or engagement in the product with lower asset values. So, I don’t look at it in terms of, oh, there is a management issue, rather that is a very well-managed portfolio where we haven’t seen issues in a lot of different market environment with the calls from an operational perspective more broadly, etcetera, but rather just the engagement from that relationship side, is this the right product to be using now. You might not have those conversations as much with the asset values coming down. So, a very practical answer to the question that you gave.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Mike Mayo: Hi. Just a follow-up on the loan growth, the $20 billion loan growth target from the start of the year, it looks like you are still looking at that. But how are you thinking about loss rates on those new loans given perhaps a new economic forecast? We note that provisions for wealth losses are already tripled with the level of last year. Kind of what’s the risk in that portfolio? And does it make sense to have a loan growth target? It’s always easy to make loans. It’s just tough to get paid back sometimes. Thanks.
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes. I think that the loan growth target is, I mean just in terms of – it’s more of an expectation to help people understand what the NII projection is. I wouldn’t call it as the target. To the point that was brought by Brennan, obviously, the expectations on a quarter-over-quarter basis has come down. So, we did see some pull forward, and that’s all we are reflecting in that. As you look at the provisions themselves, they still vary on a relative basis to other provisions across various – both institutions, and even our Institutional Securities franchise is quite low. In terms of what drives that, as you know, it’s all – it is based on the CECL concept, in the life of loan concept. And as you also know, it is a complicated idea between both qualitative and a quantitative scenario. For us, as we disclosed in our Q, the factors that we look at that are most important is really around GDP. We did see a degradation in the GDP expectations, very consistent with what’s going on in the macroeconomic outlook. And we are expecting the recession that we have talked about, the probabilities are in the 50-50 range. And that’s very consistent with also what we have said publicly.
Mike Mayo: And so did you have any extra CECL provisions this quarter?
Sharon Yeshaya: No. We are – we feel appropriately reserved for where we are right now.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. Good morning. Sharon, in the workplace channel, you guys had some good growth in the number of participants on a year-over-year basis, it was up 17%. The unvested asset values declined about 33%. Can you give us a little color? Was it primarily just market conditions bringing that down, or is there something else there?
Sharon Yeshaya: It’s a great question and you draw a good point distinction. No, those are just the value – it’s just the value of the assets themselves have gone down that those holders have. Now the increase in participants has a lot to do with the fact that we just continue – as we continue to – we mandate, we have seen that increase the number of participants. What I would say in terms of just an opportunity in terms of engaging with those clients is, obviously, it is a difficult time in environment for some of those individuals. And we do – we continue to educate and use financial wellness as a tool, especially in these environments, to explain the advice-driven model and provide us with an opportunity actually in this kind of environment to discuss what financial advice and what financial wellness is, specifically as people see different declines in their potential portfolio.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And does – do the assets skew to more new start-up companies that might be tech-orientated versus a more traditional industrial company or a stable company in those plans?
Sharon Yeshaya: Skew, there are – there is a good portion, I would say of technology companies that would be in that sector that you can see as you see those asset values declined, but there is a balance on the other side of different types of companies. And as we win mandates, it’s not just on the tech side. We are winning mandates across different institutions, especially as people better understand that financial wellness offering.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Matt O’Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt O’Connor: Good morning. Appreciate all the details on Slide 11 here, the allowance for credit losses. Maybe you have had it before, but more relevant now, and good detail. If you had to kind of guesstimate in a moderate recession that $1.2 billion of total ACL, where does that go?
Sharon Yeshaya: I think that is a very difficult question to answer. I think that what you can look at and think about it is, obviously, the economic scenario makes sense. The GDP makes sense, the size of the – where the growth actually comes from and goes, and then there is some extension of duration that you can see dependent on the rate rise expectation.
Matt O’Connor: Okay. Any way to frame, does it double or triple? Obviously, a lot of the loans are in Wealth Management, which is just not going to – you would think have as much loss content, but any way to frame generically how high it could go?
James Gorman: Yes, I would…
Sharon Yeshaya: I mean you know what I would do – I would say is why don’t you think about it as it relates to COVID, right. You can think about where we were from a COVID perspective. And so let’s talk ISG specifically. The provisions this quarter are 82%. It was almost 4x that when you think about where we were from a COVID perspective.
Matt O’Connor: Okay. That’s helpful.
James Gorman: I would just point out that – sorry. I would just point out that the Wealth Management piece, ACL percentage is 0.1. These are very different kinds of loans from traditional consumer banking loans. So, you are just not going to see at least for that part of a major, major move. For the others, I think it’s just – you can’t project. I mean who knows what kind of recession – a recession might be, how long it might be and so on. But we manage this business conservatively and we don’t have a big traditional middle market, small business loan book. We just don’t have that kind of business.
Matt O’Connor: That’s helpful. And then just a clarification question, the total DCP for the firm, you mentioned $515 million revenue impact in Wealth, but what’s the firm-wide revenue and expense impact, please?
Sharon Yeshaya: It’s non-material per business line, which is why we don’t call out the number.
James Gorman: The reason we called it out in Wealth, just to be clear, was Wealth actually had a great quarter, revenue growth, new money growth, fee-based growth and margins year-over-year, the same at 27% in a very difficult environment. So, we thought it was kind of raining on the party a little bit that the DCP took $500 million off the top line number, even though it comes out of the comp expense number almost dollar-for-dollar, not quite. So, that’s why we called it out. Ordinarily, we wouldn’t call out DCP. We don’t make a big deal of it. It’s kind of – it’s an accounting issue. It’s not a business issue. So, we are not often that excited about it. But we just thought given you would all be interested in how the retail investor was behaving right now and what was going on in that business and how panic they were, the short answer is not very, behaving well, business stable, saw growth. Hence, we want to call it out.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Jim Mitchell with Seaport Global.
Jim Mitchell: Hey. Good morning. Maybe just on the RWA decline, was that a deliberate reduction, or is that more market-driven? And if somewhat – some deliberate actions, can you kind of give us a little more clarity on what those actions were specifically and if that can continue?
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes. It was both is the way I would answer it. There are obviously market declines that had to do with it as well. But this was a very thoughtful use and approach around efficient uses of RWAs. And where does it make sense from a business perspective given the uncertainty, and I think there is a very – as I said, the same way when we think about the expenses, it’s about being efficient and thoughtful and very prudent and flexible with all of that environment. So, it’s both of those things that were taken into account when thinking about the RWA decline.
James Gorman: Listen, I want to make an important point here. We regard our capital ratios as sacrosanct. These are a big deal for us. We have spent a decade building them. We like having excess capital for exactly this environment we are in now. We can buy back up to $20 billion and a bunch that we are going to be doing, hopefully, in the low-70s. So, making sure we give ourselves that flexibility, demonstrating discipline in a tough environment. I think Ted and the ISG team did a phenomenal job in driving that number down. And obviously, it’s driven in part by volatility in the market, so things outside of their control. But this is something that we should and will try and control as best as we can.
Jim Mitchell: Right. Maybe as a follow-up on that, James, I think you have talked about hoping the change in the mix of your business over time would push your DFAS losses and SCB down slightly. This year is probably a period of victory relative to what some happened to your peers. But do you think there is still room to see that come down over time given your changing mix?
James Gorman: Absolutely. Look at the PPNR number, was materially up as stress losses were also up, not surprisingly. The test was incredibly demanding in this environment. But notwithstanding that, we increased the dividend and we still came out at 13.3, I think versus 13.2. We are very focused on the SCB buffer not getting away from us. The change in business model, the growth in the asset management business, the growth in the workplace retirement business, all of these things, which frankly are very capital-friendly. Yes, that number is going to keep moving. Then we have an argument we have been – an argument I won’t put it that way, but let’s just say a different point of view with the Federal Reserve about how they treat financial adviser compensation during a time of stress. And we have argued for a long time that financial adviser compensation is obviously variable. So, that expense comes down when revenues come down. The Fed has not yet seen it our way, but we are continuing to push that argument strongly. When it does, we believe that will free up another bunch of capital.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Mike Mayo: Hi. James, you have talked about variable expenses for variable revenues, and the revenues were down, and comp was down. But at what point do you pull the lever on kind of plan being? I mean you said 50-50 on a recession. And Sharon talked about maybe delaying some projects. But when it comes to resource allocation, headcount, more aggressive moves to prepare for a difficult environment, you said yourself that it’s uncertain, it’s not the time to take too much extra risk to push your market share. But is it time to go to plan B or more recession-like scenario in terms of your resource management?
James Gorman: No, it’s not. We are overwhelmingly in the U.S. We had 6% revenue growth in the Wealth Management business, produced ex integration 28% margins. This is a business we definitely don’t want to harm in this environment. And we are managing, I mean I guess it’s quasi plan B., managing the RWAs as we just said in the balance sheet, reflecting a more stressed environment. We met as a Management Committee last September, I think and I spoke to the Management Committee about I felt there was much more downside risk to the market. The magnitude of it, I didn’t have a strong feeling for, but I thought it was somewhere between significant and are really significant. And I think we are in the sort of significant phase right now. So, we started pulling back, Mike, at that point. We have got a very clear handle on headcount growth and where that growth is. We have also got a lot of regulatory obligations. We have got to continue to fulfill as all the banks do. But right now, we are definitely not in a sort of crisis mode at all. I mean that’s what – if we were, we wouldn’t be buying back $20 billion increase in the dividend 11%. On the other hand, balance sheet growth will be very measured. I think we will pick up share by banks coming back to us, not necessarily us having to move forward. And as I think Sharon articulated very well, we are doing a pretty systematic review of the prioritization of all the projects going on around the firm and also in a big company like this with $60 billion of revenue, we have a lot of stuff going on, and we have choices as to when we do it. So, I would call it a sort of plan A minus, not a plan B, if you will, but that’s mindset we are in. However, if things get worse, and in my career, I have seen a lot of recessions, a lot of crises, a lot of damage done to the environment, if things really deteriorated, particularly in the U.S., then we take a much more aggressive position. And we obviously have the ultimate weapon, which is comp.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-14 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. On behalf of Morgan Stanley, I will begin the call with the following disclaimer. During today’s presentation, we will refer to our earnings release and financial supplement, copies of which are available at morganstanley.com. Today’s presentation may include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to our notices regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures that appear in the earnings release. This presentation may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent. I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James Gorman: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I know you have a very, very busy morning, so we did our best to keep these earnings uncomplicated for you. Heading into 2022, we anticipate, as everybody did, a more volatile market, and obviously, we saw that in the first quarter. The year started with rising inflationary pressures, accelerated expectations for tightening of monetary policy, and most notably, and sadly, the invasion of Ukraine. This backdrop injected significant uncertainty into the markets and further tested resiliency of our franchise. Against this quickly evolving market environment, our diversified business model again generated high returns. The firm produced revenues of $14.8 billion and a ROTCE of 20%. I am pleased to report that our first quarter results continued to exemplify Morgan Stanley’s strength and affirm our long-term strategy. First, Institutional Securities delivered another very strong quarter, with revenues of $7.7 billion, making it one of its highest performances ever. Compared to last year’s record first quarter, we saw a different mix of businesses driving the strength of this segment. While underwriting was muted, Advisory was a highlight. Equity and fixed income again delivered exceptional results, particularly in Asia and Europe, as we supported our global clients amid a turbulent backdrop. Global balanced Institutional businesses are complex. They require many years to build and an enormous amount invested in human capital. The breadth and depth of our franchise today is a competitive differentiator. Wealth Management showcased its resiliency in the quarter. Notwithstanding, fluctuating market levels, the business generated a margin of approximately 28% excluding integration-related expenses. The E*TRADE integration continues to go very well, and given the current path we are on, a significant portion of the integration will be done by the end of this year. By the end of 2022, we expect to no longer separate our integration expenses. Net new assets for the quarter were $142 billion. That included an asset acquisition. Nonetheless, organic growth in our existing business remained very strong. In a volatile market, this is very affirming of the model. Further, we saw our first rate hike in the year in the first quarter, and with our strong and growing deposit base, this will have a near immediate economic impact to our business and it supports our path to delivering the margins that we projected in excess of 30%. In Investment Management, the increased diversification of the business supported results in a very choppy market. Fee based asset management revenues, which were $1.4 billion in the quarter, have grown with the addition of Parametric, Calvert and the broadening of our alts and fixed income platforms. We have performed better with these franchises than we would have without it and it has brought much more balance to our asset management business. And with respect to the Eaton Vance integration, it progresses very smoothly as well. The teams remain stable, and culturally, it’s a terrific fit. Our markets continue to evolve, we remain confident about our position and the many opportunities ahead. Finally, a brief word on the Russian invasion of the Ukraine. In managing a global business, particularly a market-based global business, we must always remain vigilant about the potential for shocks or unexpected events. Obviously, the invasion of the Ukraine is one such event. First of all, and most importantly, our hearts go out to the Ukrainians and all those have been impacted. As it relates to the business, apart from the volatility it’s created, there’s been very limited financial impact to Morgan Stanley. A few years ago, we decided to give up our banking license and we significantly scaled back operations in Russia. Further, as a result of these actions and the current war, we are not entering into any new business in the country and our activities are limited to helping global clients address and close out pre-existing obligations. I am very proud of how our team has managed through a difficult market backdrop, and going forward, we continue to navigate the turbulent markets and broader geopolitical environment with confidence. I will now turn the call over to Sharon to discuss the quarter in greater detail and together we will take your questions.
Sharon Yeshaya: Thank you and good morning. The firm produced revenues of $14.8 billion in the first quarter, representing the second highest quarter in our firm’s history. Excluding integration-related expenses, our EPS was $2.06 and our ROTCE was 20.3%. The firm’s first quarter efficiency ratio, excluding integration-related expenses was 67.9% and reflects our expense discipline, while continuing to invest in the businesses. Results of the first quarter illustrate resiliency and durability. Equity and fixed income supported our clients, while navigating volatile markets. Wealth Management proved resilient and Investment Management benefited from diversification. Now to the businesses. Institutional Securities revenues of $7.7 billion represented the third highest quarter on record. Results declined 11% from the record set in the prior year. This quarter’s performance again demonstrated the power of our global integrated investment bank, with balance across businesses and a strong presence across geographies. We remain a global diversified leader. Europe delivered its best quarter in over a decade, while Asia saw its second highest result, with strength in both equities and fixed income. Investment Banking revenues grew $1.6 Billion, led by strength in Advisory. Compared to the prior year, revenues declined by 37%. Advisory revenues were $944 million, almost double the prior year’s first quarter, reflecting higher completed M&A volumes. Equity underwriting revenues were $258 million, a meaningful decline from last year’s elevated results, in line with market volumes. Heightened volatility led clients to delay issuance activity. Fixed income underwriting revenues were $432 million, down compared to the prior year as macroeconomic conditions contributed to lower bond issuances. Investment banking pipelines remain healthy across sectors and regions. However, the conversion from pipeline to realize will be largely dependent on market conditions going forward. Equity revenues were $3.2 billion, reflecting broad-based strength in performance against the backdrop of volatile markets. We continue to be a global leader in this business. Cash revenues were solid, with particular strength in Europe, consistent with market volumes by geography. Derivative revenues were robust and the business navigated the volatility well. Prime brokerage revenues were strong, while intra-quarter balances were impacted by uncertainty, we saw balances rebound alongside markets. Fixed income revenues of $2.9 billion were in line with the very strong prior year. In the quarter, commodities and macro, particularly foreign exchange led the strength. Macro revenues increased meaningfully from the prior quarter. Clients remained engaged and the trading environment proved constructive. Micro results were strong, but reflected lower revenues compared to the prior year. Commodities delivered a more diversified results, with revenues notably higher than the previous first quarter, benefiting from the heightened levels of activity. Turning to Wealth Management. Revenues were $5.9 billion. Declines in DCP negatively impacted the revenues by approximately $300 million. Excluding the impact related to DCP, revenues increased 6% versus the prior year’s first quarter results. Results underscore the resilience of the franchise, the value offered to clients during uncertain times and the benefits of our scaled multi-channel model. Retail clients remained invested, with allocations across asset classes consistent with last year. PBT was $1.6 billion and the margin was 26.5% or 27.8%, excluding integration-related expenses. These strong results should continue to be supported, as we realize the benefits of rising rates. Asset management revenues were $3.6 billion, up 14% versus last year, benefiting from the growth in fee-based assets. This growth continues to reflect the investments we have made into the business over time and affirms our strategy is working. Net new assets were $142 billion for the quarter. NNA was inclusive of an asset acquisition, which I will touch on shortly. Absent this asset acquisition, annualized growth was 5.4%, and despite the volatility, net new assets were generated from all channels. The advisor-led channel benefited from an even split of existing and new clients, as well as positive net recruiting. Fee-based flows were also strong and inclusive of the asset acquisition were $97 billion. Workplace continues to benefit from the establishment of companion accounts. Retention of assets also continued to rise as a result of incremental companion account adoption and the value of the platform. In the quarter, we added $75 billion of retirement assets through an asset acquisition of our institutional retirement -- of an institutional retirement consultant. We remain a platform of choice and this is the second institutional retirement plan to join us in the last nine months. We continue to view these asset acquisitions as incremental opportunities to reach the expanded audience through education and financial wellness. The acquired team’s client base includes nearly one million of plan participants. Transactional revenues were $635 million. Excluding the impact of DCP, which is reflected in this line revenues were strong. Although activity moderated from the prior year, self-directed daily average trades remained above $1 million in the quarter, over 3 times E*TRADE pre-asset acquisition record. We have also seen meaningful interest in our alternatives offering, given our broad-based access to managers and their retail-oriented products. Loan growth remained strong in the quarter, with bank lending balances growing $7 billion, driven by securities-based lending and mortgages. We expect loan growth over the remainder of the year to be consistent with our prior guidance of approximately $5 billion per quarter. Deposits increased $6 billion in the quarter to $352 billion. The average rate on deposits declined to 9 basis points. We have completed the net runoff in wholesale deposits and do not anticipate further declines in deposit costs. Net interest income was $1.5 billion. Excluding prepayment amortization, NII increased 15% from the prior year driven by loan growth. Back in January, we indicated that the fourth quarter NII was a reasonable base to inform 2022 and that we would expect $500 million of incremental NII on the back of rising rates. Due to the further moves in rate expectations since January, we should see this benefit at least double if the forward curve and our modeled assumptions are realized over the remaining nine months of the year. Moving to Investment Management. My remarks will refer to quarter-over-quarter changes as the timing of the Eaton Vance acquisition makes the prior quarter a more relevant benchmark. Revenues were $1.3 billion. The sequential decline reflects the seasonally lower performance fees, which are mostly recognized in the fourth quarter and a more challenging market environment. Despite headwinds, this business is benefiting from increased scale and a more diversified product offering. Total AUM of $1.4 trillion declined 8% quarter-over-quarter as a result of market declines and outflows. Long-term net outflows reflected approximately $9 billion of institutional outflows in our Solutions business, including the expected redemption of a large asset manager who brought their equity trading implementation in-house. Equity strategies saw a giveback of some of the prior year’s asset appreciation, as the broader market experienced a rotation out of growth. This was partially offset by the continued strong flows into Parametric customized portfolios, as well as our inflation-related and interest rate-sensitive products. Asset management and related fees decreased sequentially to $1.4 billion on the back of the aforementioned seasonality and market volatility. Performance-based income and other revenues were a loss of $53 million in the quarter, driven by markdowns in one of the Asia private equity funds. Declines in deferred compensation plan investments and negative marks associated with legacy international real estate investments. Away from these specific markdowns, we saw broad-based gains across our alternatives platform, reflecting the strength and diversity of the platform. Turning to the balance sheet. Total spot assets increased to $1.2 trillion. Our standardized CET1 ratio sequentially declined and now stands at 14.5%. Multiple factors contributed to this change. Standardized RWAs increased as client activity returned after the more moderated levels at the end of 2021 and volatility increased. OCI related to our available-for-sale securities portfolio reflected an increase of an unrealized loss of $2.4 billion as a result of higher interest rates. While this should earn back over time, it impacted our CET1 ratio by 50 basis points in the quarter. We continue to return capital to our shareholders. We are executing on our $12 billion buyback authorization, as we repurchased $2.9 billion of stock in the quarter. We remain in a strong capital position. Our tax rate was 19% for the quarter. The vast majority of share-based compensation and the share-based award conversions takes place in the first quarter creating a tax benefit. We continue to expect our full year tax rate will be in line with full year 2021. The first quarter again tested the resiliency of our franchise. We are pleased with how our team navigated the volatile environment and stayed close to clients during times of uncertainty. While the outlook for the remainder of the year is difficult to predict, the second quarter has started constructively and clients remain engaged. With that, we will now open up the line to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Glenn Schorr with Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: Hi. Thank you. Maybe just to start off big picture, so putting up a 20% ROTCE in this tape, I am sure it is good performance and it is affirmation of the strategy and what you built. So my question is, you have enough capital, you have a lot of earnings power, rates are going up. I am curious how you think about -- is there what’s next, I mean, what do you do with this higher earnings production with all the capital that’s being produced, do you continue to chip away and find bolt-on acquisitions? Are you thinking about a next act, I mean, organic growth alone can power this, but I am just curious in the next couple of years how you are thinking about that, James?
James Gorman: Glenn, it’s a high class problem and its great position to be in. We have been very protective of keeping a sort of buffer on a buffer, because you never know in this world and I think what we have experienced with the markets in the last quarter were extremely volatile and you just have to -- you have to anticipate the worst and make sure you are prepared for that. We clearly have done that. We have been chipping away at the excess capital. If you add back the OCI, we are running about 15% CET1. We were well above 16%. So, clearly, we will see where our CCAR results are. I think last year, they are around 13.2% or 13.3%. I’d be surprised if there’s material changes. But let’s see. So we are still sitting on a significant buffer. Listen, we are clearly going to keep pushing capital distribution through buyback and dividend to shareholders. That’s clearly the case. We have just done two major acquisitions with about $21 billion. We would do more deals if as they -- if they fit with our strategy, we won’t do things that take us offline, off piece. We want to stay true to our strategy and our strengths in our three core businesses. So, yeah, continued buyback, but also a lot of investment in the business. I mean, we are doing a lot on the tech side. Obviously, we want to stay completely compliant with our regulatory responsibilities and we will continue to invest to make sure we are best-in-class there. But a lot of investment technology and a lot of investment around the retirement workplace platform, which I think is sort of the next frontier. And we are just in baby steps, we are very early days of that, but I think that’s a huge opportunity. And finally, I do think that there are opportunities outside of the U.S., even though we are along the US and that served us incredibly well, and I think, will serve us very well for the next decade. But I think in the Wealth and Asset Management spaces internationally, we punch below our weight. On Institutional Securities we don’t and we had a very strong quarter in Europe and Asia in Institutional Securities. But I think there’s clearly more we can do internationally, so sort of watch that space.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. I appreciate all of that. Thank you. Maybe just one follow-up, Sharon, you mentioned alternatives on the Wealth Management platform. I think you are the largest in the world, but yet it’s still, in terms of distributor of alternative product, But there’s -- it’s still at a low level percentage wise of client assets. So I am curious, James mentioned, building technology, building people. How much do you have to prepare the platform or is it there waiting for this deluge of products that’s coming, I am trying to get a window into what’s coming in terms of alternative distribution on your platform?
Sharon Yeshaya: I think it’s a great question and we -- as you said, we continue to invest in it. We have obviously seen the alternative players creating more product and you see that from peers, but you also even see that from our own from MSM as a secular growth trend in a place that we are investing. They have obviously created products now that are more appropriate or more suitable for retail and our platform is there. We are working very closely together. There’s clearly more that we can do. As Jim said, we are continuing to invest. But I agree with you that this is a place where we have seen an uptick. We noted it over the course of this quarter. It was interesting to us, as I know we have discussed it individually as well, Glenn, and I think, it’s a place where you will just continue to see that kind of growth investment from both us and also on the product side.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Sorry, [Indiscernible]paper, I couldn’t even find the handset. So I had a question first on the Wealth Management deposits and thanks, Sharon, for that indication of updating the NII outlook. But when we think about the deposits and the potential beta, what’s your expectation for beta this time around and what percentage of your deposits are actually on the self-directed platform? We get the asset percentages, but it’s my sense that self-directed runs with a higher percentage of cash. So I am guessing the percentage of deposits would be -- would skew higher than the assets do on that platform and could that impact your beta this time around? Thanks.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. I think it’s a great question. I think about it as two parts, probably, actually a bit separately. One with beta, beta for us is informed by the last rate hike cycle. So, we have given you historically and we stand by as sort of a 50 beta as an end state. But, obviously, beta also moves through time as you see different rate cycles, and so that’s stage sort of point A, if you think about just where the beta is. Your point on deposits is also interesting. I think that we think about deposits as we look at the composition of the deposits. And obviously, what E*TRADE did and the self-directed channel did is it offered us more deposits from smaller accounts with smaller levels and that might -- to your point that might have a different beta. So there’s a beta, obviously, holistically, but then there’s a beta, as you have mentioned, that might depend on where you are within the size of the accounts and the stickiness that you might see associated with those deposits. So, we are looking at it from two ways. Overall, beta the same, but the deposits themselves and the way that we think about the runoff of the deposits might be different this time around, just given our own composition of the deposits as they have been acquired by E*TRADE.
Brennan Hawken: Great. That makes a lot of sense. And then for the follow-up, sticking with the rate sensitivity, SBL growth has been quite remarkable this -- for the past many years. When we think about what happen last rate hiking cycle, I went back and I looked through, and the interesting thing is the SBLs weren’t often thought of as rate sensitive, but they continued to grow in the last rate hiking cycle. So, how do you think about this time around if the product is obviously mature, but more mature and so maybe could be more subject to some rate sensitivity, but also like advisors and customers, probably, understand the value of the product better, too. And so there’s a couple of cross currents and I can’t quite get my head around exactly how to think about it, but what are your thoughts on that?
Sharon Yeshaya: Thanks for the question. I think when you -- your points are, I think, appropriate. You are looking at, obviously, yeah, it was nascent. What I’d say about our profile is, we didn’t have the same size of household penetration across lending products. Then and even today, there is still, I’d say, room to run in better understanding educating products and educating our clients about the different products that are available to them. Now, of course, the pace may change and that’s not impossible given what we are seeing or what you might think could happen. That’s not really the prediction. But the idea is there’s still more education that can be done and that’s why I think we feel comfortable that even though we might see rates rise. The actual amount that we gave you as guidance from a lending perspective should continue. Part of that obviously being SBL, part of that being mortgages. But when you look at the household penetration even five years, six years ago, you were in very low-double digits for us and you have only reached that mid-teen numbers. So still a lot more to go, as I said, around the education of that product for clients where that’s suitable.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. The $75 billion acquisition of AUM that you got within Wealth Management, this is the second transaction I think over the last 12 months. Can you talk about the capabilities that you are getting with this and how this is being integrated more broadly into the Wealth platform? And also just thinking about the backdrop and strategy, should we see more of these type of transactions going forward?
Sharon Yeshaya: So why don’t I start with just saying, we will see more when it’s appropriate for our -- we are obviously continuing to look at this space. What these are, and as James said, when we are looking at retirement, we are looking at defined benefit. We are looking at understanding how workplace coincides with the FA advisor-led space together and the way that I would think of this is just an extension of our strategy. So the best kind of concept that you can say is, yes, we had a proof point in the third quarter of last year. We are obviously in a situation where we have acquired a similar plan and group of advisors. The group of advisors covered defined benefit contribution plans. Those defined benefit contribution plans have corporations associated with them that may also have participants. Those -- in this case, we have 1 million participants that were added. That -- those participants, if you go back to our strategy of the funnel, they are a top portion of that funnel that we begin to advise or educate or learn or teach people about financial wellness. We give them access to our services particularly that we have already developed in the workplace channel. And so that educational content has a crossover and then they now understand better what financial wellness is. They can say, I am interested in speaking to a financial adviser. So that’s where the channels begin to converge and merge, and where you are beginning to really think about the top of the funnel into potentially providing access and advice to clients over time.
Dan Fannon: Got it. That makes sense. And you did talk about within the workplace, higher retention rates and more companion accounts. I don’t know if you can give some stats around that, but maybe you are also I think highlighted that the integration costs will be done with E*TRADE by the end of the year. So maybe what’s left in terms of milestones with that and then within the kind of workplace, some of the momentum and progress, any numbers would be helpful? Thank you.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. So the companion accounts, what we have said is that, by the end of this year, approximately 90% of U.S. stock participants will be in a position to access a companion account. Should they want to or should they have the stock to invest into the account. So that’s the point there. The question around the retention of assets, we had given that metric at the beginning of -- in the January deck and we talked about aiming towards 30% and we have made improvements from the 24% that we gave you at the end of the quarter. So, all of those are milestones as you think about integration and integration-related expenses. And also the points that James had made around the investment in our business in technology and in this -- and in the integration more broadly.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.
Steven Chubak: Hi. Good morning. So I wanted to start off with a question on M&A outlook. Organic growth has moderated granted versus what admittedly was a neck breaking pace that we had seen last year. And to what extent does the market volatility disrupt adviser movement across the wealth space and have you seen any improvement in breakaway broker trends or just the recruiting backlog more broadly as volatility has started to moderate versus the level seen in Jan and Feb?
Sharon Yeshaya: Thanks for the question, Steve. So as it relates to net recruiting, still seeing inflows on the back of net recruiting, in fact, all three channels, as you think about NNA were contributors to the net -- the NNA number excluding the asset retention, so if you just take that other piece or the asset acquisition. And if you look just at the advisor led channel, a couple of factors; so, one, net recruiting positive; two, on the actual adviser side, evenly split between existing accounts or existing clients and new clients, so continuing to see consolidation of assets held away, as well as new client relationships going forward. And then we had a contribution from workplace, which is obviously impacted by both the companion accounts and also retention of assets and self-directed. So, really broad-based contributions from the different channels and net recruiting, as I said, remains very -- in a good -- in a solid place.
Steven Chubak: Understood. And just for a follow-up, just trying to clarify some of the NII guidance, I was hoping you could provide, Sharon, an update on the loan growth outlook, whether you are still comfortable with the mid-teens loan growth you had guided to previously and does the more than $1 billion NII benefit that you alluded to in your prepared remarks contemplate some continued loan growth or is that on a static balance sheet?
Sharon Yeshaya: It’s the same loan growth number that I gave you. So the percent that you gave, if you take that and you think it was basically about $5 billion a quarter, so we just gave you in dollars this time around. It’s the same that I gave in January. And then that is what’s -- the point around the -- I don’t know if it was illusion, I actually gave you that it was double. So I said at least double in terms of the NII guidance increase. That really has to do with the realization of the forward curve and the change in the forward curve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hey. Good morning. Just a quick couple of follow ups. One, Sharon, if you could remind us in terms of the NII guide, how big is the money market waivers kind of coming back now that we have had the first fed hike and is there any additional improvement that we should expect if the fed hikes by 50 bps in May?
Sharon Yeshaya: So our money market guidance we gave you was about plus $200 million and we stand by plus $200 million, but I’d say, for the full year. It’s really based on two factors that are contributing into that. One is the balances, as well as the industry and the waivers, how quickly those waivers roll off. So we are -- $200 million for the remainder of the year for the increase for Investment Management.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Understood. And just as a follow-up, when you think about, it’s a tougher question around the macro outlook when we think about M&A, IPOs coming back. Any sense in terms of when you look at the world feels like volatility is going to be high, which bodes well for trading. But how do you handicap just talking to sort of your corporate clients around appetite for deal making and given just the current geopolitical backdrop, any color would be helpful?
Sharon Yeshaya: Yeah. So a couple of things, first on the advisory pipeline in particular. Pipeline remains healthy and diversified. So taking a look at the underlying pipeline still diversified across sectors, which I think is another healthy sign in terms of the marketplace. As it relates to the underwriting calendar, that obviously you do have deals that didn’t necessarily come to market in the first quarter. They -- that pipeline to realize, that was associated really with the volatility and the uncertainty in the first quarter, as that recedes, to the extent it does, that would move things from the pipeline state to the realized state.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo.
Mike Mayo: Hi. I have a question and a follow-up. I guess no good deed goes unpunished. Going back to, you said, core net new asset growth for the quarter was 5.4%, if I got that right excluding the deal. And so that is down from where you were before, but it’s certainly up from where you guys have been a few years ago. So where do you expect that to settle out and what’s the relative contribution, say, E*TRADE versus the other legacy businesses?
Sharon Yeshaya: We have given what I think we -- where we started, Mike, is we said and James said it in January. 11%, which we saw last year, was exceptional and we didn’t expect that to be repeated in the near-term or we weren’t sure and we wanted to see how the pipeline moved out and how these different channels work together. But what we did say is 3% to 4% is where we used to be and we weren’t expecting to see that, obviously, we are also at a higher base now and so that’s also something to bear in mind. So I think we feel very good about where we are and this is well within that range that we had basically given you. We said, we would spend time better understanding the channels to provide guidance over time. You asked another. The contribution from each of the channels, as I said, three different channels all contributed very, very nicely. We don’t break it out into different pieces, but I would say that, the integration is going well and the E*TRADE client and client usage is also doing well.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And my follow-up question is on the block trading investigation, which you guys highlighted in your filings. And I know you are limited about what you want to say, I know you can’t and shouldn’t give any expectations. But there might be some things that you could disclose around this. This might wind up being a non-event. I mean there’s investigations all the time. We get it. But every now and then one of these investigations lead to something. I am not saying that this is the case, but I just want to what investors ask me, what do you think the impact to the block trading investigation of Morgan Stanley could be? It would be nice for me and investors to have that answer, so with that big wind up. How much do you make from block trading per year and were these issues self-disclosed by Morgan Stanley to the regulators or did it come from an outside party? Thank you. 
James Gorman: Hey, Mike. Certainly prepared your first question about the net new money growth and high class problems of not achieving 11% organic, 5.4% is generating something like $200 million to $250 million net a year. So it’s actually a great problem, and I think, as Sharon said, the various channels there are going to continue to contribute. My telling you all of this is to say, I can’t talk about ongoing investigations on block trades, obviously and we are not going to do that on an earnings call. But you can look at our equities business and how it performs generally and how it’s done over many, many years. And its current performance and draw, whatever conclusions might be appropriate, but right now we can’t talk about ongoing investigations and it doesn’t matter whether this one or any other one from any authority, it’s always the same rule.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. Hi, Sharon. Sharon, can you share with us when you take a look at the equities business, as well as the FIC [ph] business and all the disruption we saw in the quarter. Has there been any opportunity for you guys to grab market share from maybe some other competitors that are weaker and are unable to handle the volatility the way you guys did?
Sharon Yeshaya: Thanks, Gerard for the question. I -- actually I know a lot of the peers have released this morning. So I haven’t looked specifically at this quarter’s number in terms of this -- the public market share. But what I can tell you is that we have seen increased share over time. I think we are really proud of the position that we have made in both of the sales and trading franchises. A lot of that has to do with what James discussed more directly in his script, which is building these -- investing our people and talent both geographically and also making sure that we have it across different functions. So all of these things are important, I think it’s decades in the making rather than just one quarter, and we are really proud of the way that we thought about the continue -- the continuous velocity of all of our resources to make sure that we can better and more efficiently support client flows.
Gerard Cassidy: And then a second, following-up on your commentary about your pipeline and we all understand the volatility of what’s going on out there, if the markets settle down but they settled down at lower valuations in the underwriting area. Do you still think that could come back or do we need higher valuations, so that there’s not basically down, almost like a down round where private has to go public, if that’s their intention at a lower price than what they have raised money on the private side?
Sharon Yeshaya: I think that will be very -- I think individual companies will make their own decisions in terms of where they have that from an advice driven perspective.
James Gorman: I just -- if you look at pipeline and you look at investment banking revenue through cycles. It’s actually remarkably stable on an annual basis. On a quarterly basis, it’s extremely volatile. I mean, look at the change between fourth quarter ECM and first quarter ECM. But then look at what M&A did the advisory business, I think, over $800 million. But if you go through the end of the year, I am sure you will find it’s much more stable and reflective of what we have done in 2020, 2021 period. So I don’t think that -- it’s a very interesting question you raised, but I don’t think that individual companies, they don’t make their decisions obviously based on averages of what the market theme is based on what their own equity capital needs are or debt capital needs or M&A needs. And listen, we have got -- we have one of the best franchises in the world. It is global. So any cross border deals, any global companies, we are in it. That won’t change. It’s just a question as a Q1 or Q3. So I am really unphased by the volatility and banking on a quarterly basis.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeremy Sigee with BNB Paribas.
Jeremy Sigee: Hi, there. Thank you. I wanted to talk about the lower transaction revenues in Wealth Management and not so much about what happened in the quarter, but just looking at March and April, what’s the state of mind in your Wealth Management clients? Is this an environment where they are going to stay active or become more active again or is this a sort of wait and see kind of mood among your clients?
Sharon Yeshaya: So actually it’s an interesting question. Two things that struck me as we sort of went through and thought about the quarter. One is the fact that when you look at allocations of investors in the retail space in terms of where their positions were in equities, fixed income, cash, cash equivalents, et cetera, on a proportional basis. Over the last year or two actually, those percentages have actually also remained relatively stable. So the retail investors’ investment is something that hasn’t necessarily fluctuated based on the data that we have, that we have seen. Those positions have remained there despite the fact that there’s been volatility. The second point is, specifically on self-directed is, the E*TRADE, the fact that, this is what I tried to mention in the script was, where we are from the daily average trade levels, still very, very high, 3 times the high from when E*TRADE was a standalone company. And so I think it highlights the change that we have seen in the retail sentiment over the course of the last two years or three years.
James Gorman: I’d just add two points to that. Number one, the transaction revenue line in Wealth Management has the DCP impact in it, which was actually very big this quarter. That bounces around. And secondly, if you look at the P&L of Wealth Management, actually the transaction revenues as a driver of the overall health of the business is relatively small. I mean, the much more important are the fee-based revenues, the net interest income, what we are doing in the banking side. So, and then some of the new issue stuff. So I just put that out there. It’s -- again, it’s one of these things that, honestly, I am not very pleased, I am much more interested in asset growth, net new asset growth and what we are doing in the bank than deposits, transactions will bounce around given market volatility.
Jeremy Sigee: That’s very helpful. Thank you. And could I just ask a follow-up, I am sitting in Europe, you mentioned Europe was strong. Could you talk about which bits were driving that? What was so great in Europe this quarter?
Sharon Yeshaya: I think that this is really based on the advice driven model, right? You have uncertainty in Europe. There’s a lot going on. Obviously, there are pieces of commodities, for example, it’s very specific. But then you also just see client engagement as it relates to various parts of Europe and being able to service that advice is all part of this diversified model.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Great. Good morning, everyone. Question on the family office strategy, there was an interesting article recently and I figured to dig in here a little bit more. I know it’s always been a focus for Morgan Stanley and really the firm is uniquely positioned in my opinion to really take advantage of that. But I am curious kind of what is new in the strategy and how you guys would maybe frame the evolution and kind of where the opportunity is accelerating?
Sharon Yeshaya: Absolutely. I am actually glad you asked the question. I think it’s a really interesting space and I think it’s an example of connecting the dots. So over the course of the last couple of years, what we have realized is there’s a need for family offices to have access to services that we already offer Institutional Securities clients through our Fund Services platform. And so bringing together those conversations between what’s happening in the Institutional Securities Group and what strategy we are driving in Wealth Management is just an example of how the business is working more closely together to find those opportunities to service clients as family offices begin to feel more like Institutional accounts, and that back and forth in dialogue is really amongst the team, the leadership and then throughout the organization.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Great. Thanks, Sharon. Quick follow-up, just on the digital asset strategy and maybe how you would frame where you are today both in GWM and Institutional, and what we could expect over the next year?
Sharon Yeshaya: Absolutely. As you know, we are obviously offering some -- we have some offerings for different qualified investors that we have. But in this space, we are obviously taking the lead from regulators as it relates to what we can and can’t offer various clients.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. Thank you, presenters. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you again for participating and have a wonderful day. You may all disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-19 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. On behalf of Morgan Stanley, I will begin the call with the following disclaimer.  During today's presentation, we will refer to our earnings release and financial supplements, copies of which are available at morganstanley.com. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to our notices regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures that appear in the earnings release and strategic update. Within the strategic update, certain reported information has been adjusted as noted. These adjustments were made to provide a transparent and comparative view of our operating performance against our strategic objectives. The reconciliations of these non-GAAP adjusted operating performance metrics are included in the notes to the presentation of the earnings release. Morgan Stanley closed its acquisition of E*TRADE on October 2, 2020, impacting annual comparisons for the Firm and Wealth Management and closed its acquisition of Eaton Vance on March 1, 2021, impacting period-over-period comparisons for the Firm and Investment Management. This presentation may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent.  I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James Gorman: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Morgan Stanley delivered another record year of profits and results in 2021, generating a full year ROTCE of 20%. Performance was strong in each business. In Institutional Securities, we showed strength and gained share. And in Wealth Management, we added over $430 billion of net new assets, bringing total client assets to nearly $5 trillion. We drove our strategic vision forward Investment Management, successfully closing our acquisition of Eaton Vance in the year and created a premier asset manager, which itself has $1.6 trillion of assets under management. Sharon will discuss the details of the quarter and the full year shortly. But first, as always, I will walk through our annual strategic updates. If you turn to the document and start on Slide 3. At the beginning of last year, we set two-year objectives with the expectation that 2021 would be a transition year as we work through our integrations. Clearly, the Firm's performance exceeded the expectations we had for 2021 heading into that year. With the early successes of the E*TRADE and Eaton Vance acquisitions and the Firm's overall momentum, we entered 2022 ahead of plan. Turning to Slide 4. First, I'll focus on our 12-year transformation and where the Firm is today. History offers perspective on our track record. Next, I'll highlight where we've built unique competitive advantages around each of our businesses and how we expect to grow and maintain our leading positions. Then I will address our continued commitment to return capital to our shareholders. And finally, I'll touch on how, when taken together, this should lead to further multiple expansion. To begin with our longer-term evolution, Slide 5 highlights the transformation of Morgan Stanley into a more balanced, higher returning firm today. Total revenues are more than double the level of 2009 with each business significantly growing and contributing to the Firm's enhanced profitability. Each of our businesses now have defensible and sustainable competitive advantages to protect and drive their leading positions. Start with Institutional Securities on Slide 6. Looking back to 2014, when we had recovered from the financial crisis, but before we reset our strategy and restructured some of this business, we've increased share both overall and individually across business lines. Share continues to aggregate to the industry leaders, and we expect this trend to hold. Our competitive position is strong, and as demonstrated in the very active markets for the last two years, we are confident in our ability to capitalize on opportunities to hold, if not gain, share across the division. Moving to Slide 7. Our integrated investment bank delivered $30 billion of revenues in 2021 and continues to demonstrate operating leverage, highlighted by our expanding margins. Our footprint is balanced around the world, putting us in a leading tier of investment banks with global scale. Our franchise has never been stronger, and we have seen tangible results from the collaboration between our segments. Shifting to Wealth Management on Slide 8. The growth we have seen in 2021 has been unprecedented. We added nearly $1 trillion in client assets in a single year. Scale advantages propelled growth, and we added $438 billion of net new assets in the last 12 months. This predominantly organic growth is the result of our consistent and focused execution on our integration and expansion initiatives and puts us in a leading position. The journey over the last few years has demonstrated the out of the possible. With respect to net new asset growth, this business has gone from very low single digits in the last decade to 4% to 6% more recently to unprecedented growth this year. Obviously, it's still early days, but the verticals are in place. Before we commit to specific guidance for net new asset growth, we need more time to better understand the power of these channels. But what I can tell you is that the proof points are strong, and we feel great about where we are today in the business potential. Turning to Slide 9. With the top advisor-led business in the industry, complemented by leading workplace and self-directed offerings, the wealth franchise we've built as a category 1. We already serve nearly $5 trillion of client assets, and overall revenue on assets remains high over 50 basis points, underlining this segment is -- underlining this segment as an economic engine for the Firm. As we think about the growth ahead, we are most excited about the nearly 15 million relationships we have across channels and the potential to deepen those relationships further and consolidate client on to the platform. On Slide 10, we look more closely at workplace, which I'm incredibly excited about for the future. As we've said before, we see this channel as a funnel for client and asset acquisition to sustain growth going forward. We now have over $500 billion of unvested assets in this channel and expect to retain an increasing proportion as they vest. In 2021, we had a 24% retention rate. That compares with 21% the previous year. Given our focused effort, our long-term goal is to reach 30% retention. This new metric illustrates the strength of the workplace business to augment net new assets to Wealth Management. Moving to Investment Management on Slide 11. Our platform has transformed into premier and growing asset manager. Our distinctive capabilities enable us to deliver differentiated client value as endorsed by $115 billion of net flows in the year. Total AUM is now $1.6 trillion, and our more durable asset management fees are nearly triple what they were in 2014. If you look closely with our Investment Management business on Slide 12, you can see we're a leader and growing where it matters most. Customization, specifically direct indexing through the premier Parametric brand, sustainability and alternatives are each areas of increasing client demand. We've strengthened our position across these categories with robust investment our capabilities, and we've seen meaningful asset under management growth as a result. Moreover, the complementary nature of distribution networks with Eaton Vance's powerful U.S. retail distribution capabilities and MSIM's strength in international distribution enhances our client reach. We're encouraged by early signs of success in leveraging the greater combined network, along with our world-class equity franchise and value-added fixed income platform, and we expect these areas will continue to drive growth into the future. Finally, on Slide 11, as we look ahead, we expect rates to rise. We expect approximately $500 million of incremental NII in Wealth Management this year based on the year-end forward curve. Additionally, we expect another $200 million this year from the reversal of fee waivers in our Investment Management business. To further measure our rate sensitivity, we look at what happens if there is an incremental 100 basis point parallel shift in rates beyond the curve. That would deliver another $1.3 billion, which largely goes to the bottom line. While we certainly don't expect this additional shift to happen this year, the Firm will clearly benefit substantially as rates rise over the next several years. Pivoting to our capital return strategy on Slide 14. Our increased earnings power, supported by revenues from more durable sources, has enabled us to double our annualized dividend to $2.80 just last year while, at the same time, executing on meaningful share repurchases. Notwithstanding the returns we're making to shareholders and the investments we make in our business, we continue to have an excess capital position. Our CET1 ratio was 16% at year-end after paying our dividend, executing on our repurchase plan and accounting for the impact of SA-CCR. And as further illustrated on Slide 15, a growing net income has provided us the flexibility to reduce our share count. While we added 300 million shares from our 2 large acquisitions of E*TRADE and Eaton Vance, we continue to execute on our meaningful buyback program and have brought back our share count back to just under $1.8 billion from $2 billion in 2014. Taking all this together, Slide 16 highlights the fundamentals we have in place to drive future multiple expansion. We have scale, significant growth opportunities in wealth and investment management, coupled with a leading institutional business, and a strong commitment to capital return. The Morgan Stanley brand has never been stronger. We've been fortunate enough to acquire additional brands in the last few years that have tremendous value in expanding our footprint. The sum of these elements supports multiple expansion for the combined company. Slide 17 shows our performance goals. Of note, we are increasing our ROTCE goal to reflect the earnings power we see in our business model. We are laser focused on delivering value to our clients, our shareholders and our employees, and we believe an ROTCE in excess of 20% is achievable. As we look to the longer term, with the support of our track record behind us, we're adding a new goal, a long-term goal to achieve $10 trillion in client assets across Wealth and Investment Management.  As always, our targets are subject, of course, to major market moves or changes in the economic, political and regulatory environment. However, with the outlook we have now, we fully expect to achieve our goals.  I'll now turn the call over to Sharon, who will discuss our fourth quarter and annual results. And together, we will take your questions. Thank you.
Sharon Yeshaya: Thank you, and good morning. The Firm produced record revenues of $59.8 billion in 2021 and ended the year on a strong footing with fourth quarter revenues of $14.5 billion. All 3 businesses contributed to the extremely strong full year results, reflecting high levels of client engagement and active market. Excluding integration-related expenses, our ROTCE was 20.2% for the full year and 20.4% for the fourth quarter, and EPS was $8.22 and $2.08, respectively. Even while investing in our business, we continue to demonstrate operating leverage led by Institutional Securities. The full year efficiency ratio was 67.1%. Excluding integration-related expenses, our full year efficiency ratio was 66.3%, down from 68.4% in 2020. Total expenses in the year were [$40.1 billion]. The increase in total expenses versus the prior year reflects the addition of E*TRADE and Eaton Vance and the integration-related costs and higher compensation on higher revenues. Now to the businesses. Institutional Securities delivered excellent full year performance with record revenues of $29.8 billion. In the fourth quarter, revenues were $6.7 billion. Our integrated approach, global footprint and balance across business lines continues to distinguish our model. Underscoring the operating leverage in the business, pretax margin was 39.6% for the full year, increasing from 34.6% in the prior year. Investment Banking revenues were a record $10.3 billion for the full year. While each business delivered record results, Advisory and Equity underwriting led the year-over-year improvement. Corporate clients actively pursued strategic opportunities and sponsor-deployed capital. IPO issuances were exceptionally robust in the year. And from a geographical perspective, results were led by the Americas, along with sustained strength in EMEA. Fourth quarter revenues of $20.4 billion -- excuse me, of from the prior year driven by strength in Advisory. Trends from the third quarter persisted, particularly as results benefited from a broadening of transactions across sectors. Although underwriting revenues moderated overall, equity issuance was strong, and elevated levels of event-driven activity supported fixed income. We continue to invest in our Investment Banking business. Our outlook entering 2022 is strong, and our pipelines continue to be healthy across products. CEO confidence remains high, and markets remain open and constructive. Additionally, Advisory transactions should support strong capital market issuance. Equity full year revenues were a record $11.4 billion, increasing 15% from the prior year as client engagement remained high. The increase versus the prior year was driven by strength in prime brokerage and, from a geographical perspective, Asia. Revenues were $2.9 billion in the quarter. Increased revenues in prime brokerage on higher client balances were offset by declines in cash and derivatives on lower client activity versus the prior fourth quarter. This quarter also included a mark-to-market gain of $225 million on a certain strategic investment. Fixed income revenues were $7.5 billion for the full year, declining 15% from the last year's exceptional results. The full year decline was driven by tighter bid offer spreads in macro and credit corporates partially offset by securitized products. Quarterly revenues of $1.2 billion were 31% lower than the prior year, reflecting a challenging trading environment and rates and lower volumes and tighter bid offer spreads and credit. Further, client engagement tempered in December, reflecting seasonal patterns impacting results. Turning to Wealth Management. For the full year, Wealth Management produced record revenues of $24.2 billion and a PBT margin of 25.5%. Excluding $346 million of integration-related expenses, the PBT margin was 26.9%. Fourth quarter revenues were $6.3 billion, up 10% from the prior year, and the PBT margin was 22.6%. Excluding integration-related expenses of $109 million, the PBT margin for the quarter was 24.4%. Quarterly margin was negatively impacted by seasonal expenses and certain compensation and benefits decisions made to further support our employees. Given the full annual impact of these decisions was taken in the fourth quarter, the impact was amplified in this quarter's margin. Going forward, this will be spread throughout the year pro rata. As we look ahead to the first quarter of 2022, we expect the PBT margin to be more in line with the 2021 full year margin, excluding integration-related expenses. This business continues to benefit from strong client demand across the platform. Client assets grew nearly $1 trillion this year and now stands at $4.9 trillion. Fee-based flows were an incredible $179 billion in the year, recording growth in fee-based assets of $1.8 trillion or 25% higher than last year. In the quarter, asset management revenues were $3.7 billion. Net new assets of $438 million in the year represent 11% annual growth of beginning period assets. Momentum was carried through the fourth quarter, which saw net new assets of $127 billion. We saw strong asset generation from both existing clients and net new clients driven by the advisor-led channel. We remain a destination of choice for advisors and continue to add strong teams and retain productive advisors. Net new assets growth is further buoyed by positive momentum in our newer channels, namely workplace. Our results demonstrate the tremendous asset generation capability of our platform. Transactional revenues in the fourth quarter were $1 billion, declining 23% from the prior year, excluding the impact of DCP, which declined by approximately $300 million versus prior year, revenues were flat. The workplace continues to gain traction. Our total number of participants we now read stands at 5.6 million, 14% higher than last year, and unvested assets now exceed $500 billion. As James mentioned, we are reporting on a new metric to show the percentage of stock plan assets that vest and remain within Morgan Stanley Wealth Management. E*TRADE previously disclosed a similar metrics. The definition going forward will measure the retention of the value of vested stocks on a rolling 12- to 24-month period. This new metric will allow us to measure the potential strength of workplace to service the funnel to grow our asset base. We saw 24% retention in 2021, which compares to 21% in 2020. As James mentioned, over time, we believe that number can reach retention for our stock plan administration business. Going forward, we plan to disclose this metric annually. Bank lending balances grew by $31 billion in the year, and now stand at $129 billion. Strong client demand for securities-based lending and mortgages drove the increase. Net interest income was $1.4 billion in the quarter driven by strong lending growth and the benefit of fully phased-in funding synergies. The fourth quarter NII is a reasonable base to inform 2022. This year, NII will be impacted by the forward curve on lending growth. On rates, while the timing and the magnitude of the rate hikes is uncertain, we should benefit from rising rates and the realization of the forward curve. This would imply an estimated $500 million of additional NII this year, largely weighted to the back half of the year. On lending, we continue to see strong lending demand. And while growth is likely to moderate some, we expect approximately $20 billion of loan growth in the year. Finally, the integration of the E*TRADE continues to go well. We are encouraged by continued client engagement and are seeing rate clients take advantage of Morgan Stanley capabilities being introduced on the E*TRADE platform. Building on our digital client experience, clients are now able to link their self-directed accounts via single sign-on. We have successfully merged E*TRADE's bank legal entities with Morgan Stanley. Throughout the integration efforts, we continue to focus on a unified client experience while providing clients choice. Completing this integration successfully remains a key investment priority. Moving to Investment Management. The timing of the Eaton Vance acquisition makes comparisons to prior periods difficult. So I will make my comments primarily on an absolute basis. Investment Management reported annual revenues of $6.2 billion and quarterly revenues of $1.8 billion. Our results continue to demonstrate the diversification of this business and a greater contribution from more durable management fee revenue. Total AUM rose to a record high of $1.6 trillion, of which long-term AUM was also a record at $1.1 trillion. Total net flows were $12 billion in the quarter driven by liquidity and overlay services. Long-term net flows were slightly negative. For the full year, net flows were $115 billion. Asset management and related fees were $1.6 billion in the quarter. The 8% sequential increase was driven by higher performance fees. As a reminder, performance fees are mostly recognized in the fourth quarter. Performance-based income and other revenues were $166 million, reflecting broad-based gains in our diversified alternative platform. Finally, the integration with Eaton Vance remains on track. In the first half of this year, we will bring a number of Eaton Vance and Calvert funds onto our international distribution platform. We are also now offering MSIM model portfolios on the E*TRADE platform, and we are seeing positive traction. Turning to the balance sheet. Total spot assets were $1.2 trillion. Risk-weighted assets were essentially flat to the prior quarter at $472 billion. We adopted SA-CCR on December 1, resulting in a $23 billion RWA increase. This was offset by a decline in activity and lower market levels towards the end of the quarter. Our SA-CCR mitigation efforts were better than we anticipated and resulted in an impact lower than our initial guidance to produce a better outcome. We repurchased approximately $2.8 billion of common stock during the quarter. We remain well capitalized post the adoption of SA-CCR, and our standardized CET1 ratio now stands at 16%, flat to the prior quarter. Our tax rate was 23.1% for the full year. And absent any changes to tax law, we expect our 2022 tax rate to be in line with 2021. We which will exhibit some quarter-to-quarter volatility. In terms of our outlook for calendar year 2022, the exit rate of our Wealth and Investment Management asset base and the integrations of our acquisitions set these businesses up to further support results. As it relates to institutional securities, while it remains difficult to forecast this business, the banking pipeline looks healthy and the year has started off well. That said, a lot will depend on monetary and fiscal policy and its impact on sentiment.  With that, we will now open the line up for questions.
Operator: We are now ready to take questions. [Operator Instructions]. The first question is from Christian Bolu with Autonomous.
Christian Bolu : Good morning, guys. So James, on the -- organic growth has been remarkably strong and you keep calling for a slowdown on organic growth, but we're not seeing any -- sort of any evidence of slowing anything, you’re accelerating here. I guess a couple of questions on that. Can you give us a bit more flavor around what's driving organic growth? How much of it is retention versus recruiting? On recruiting, who are you gaining share from? And then I would imagine you have quite a bit of visibility into the recruiting pipeline. So any sense of like how long do you think the sort of strength can continue?
James Gorman: Good morning, Christian. I think you're talking about net new money, I assume, right?
Christian Bolu : Correct. Correct.
James Gorman: Yes. Yes. I mean it's not a simple answer because in the old days, it was simple. It was a function of money that you lost by financial advisors leaving and money you gain by recruiting financial advisors. And obviously, that's a sort of sorry way to run a business. It basically settles your P&L for the next nine years to buy a little bit of joy in the near-term. Fortunately, we've outgrown that. The source of net new money comes from several places. Number one, as you heard the retention in the workplace space is much better than what we did pre E*TRADE. I mean, we -- I think it went from 21% to 24% last year, but pre-E*TRADE, it was much, much lower and pre-Solium. Number two, the reality is wealthy people get wealthier quicker than people who are less wealthy get wealthy. And we've got a lot of them. We -- now with our -- the sophistication of our network, the linkages we have to invest in banking across our top financial advisors, the family office structure the team has put in place are all drivers of growth that we didn't have before. I mean just the new assets that are brought in from our Investment Banking relationships sort of across the house, whereas in the past, we never really introduced across the house. It's truly running like one Firm. Thirdly, we're just not losing many people. I mean that's the reality relative to previous years, where being significant net gainers. And that's not because we're doing stupid recruiting deals. That's because we're not losing a lot of people. Now we are doing recruiting deals. There are talented people in the market. They're not coming from one1 particular Firm or another. We don't focus on firms, we focus on individuals, and that has been doing well. Then you add in things like the technology the team has put in place in Wealth Management, sort of the virtual advisor type technology where you leverage the best talent we have across the whole country, all of the old platform that is being built out, where we now provide the product that you would have had to go to another Firm to get. And finally, you bring in the deposits and what we've done with the bank and the online banking. And then you throw on top of that E*TRADE and what that's been doing in growth. And so Christian, it's an interesting story. It's many, many parts, which is why we're confident it's going to keep going. Just recruiting, that's different. You turn that spigot on or off, but it's not just recruiting. So I think there's going to be strong organic growth. I mean these numbers, we said unprecedented for reason. It had never -- we've never seen -- it's 10%, 11% organic growth year-over-year. That's got to be the best in the industry, and overwhelmingly, the best in our history. And it's better than, frankly, many of the traditional faster-growing, so-called faster-growing companies. So we're really excited about it. I don't think 10% or 11% is realistic to hold. But certainly, we're not going back to anywhere near where we were in the old days.
Sharon Yeshaya: If I can also add to it, Christian, I would just say if you actually look at the data, is relatively, as James said, balanced across many of these different sectors. But as you think of just the advisor channel, you're seeing not only -- we've, I think, spent a lot of time speaking to the community around assets held away. We are seeing existing clients bringing assets as well as new clients bringing assets to the advisor-led channel. So you are seeing a balance of both.
Christian Bolu : Okay. Thank you. For my second question, on expenses, really nice control in the quarter, but all your peers are speaking about elevated expense growth going forward to retain talent and just to invest for growth. Can you talk about just longer-term, how you're thinking about balancing sort of that good expense control that we like while continuing to invest for the long-term?
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes. I think we have managed expenses well. I think that we always are cognizant of the pressures around expenses, both on the wage side and on the non-comp side. If you think about the comp side, I think we constantly feel that we've paid for performance, and that's sort of been the model that we have. But as you also think about the non-comps, we're investing in our integration. We're investing in technology, resiliency, cyber. And I think we're also putting in place different types of investments as you think about positioning Morgan Stanley up for growth and making sure that we have the right people and the processes in place to do that. But there is also inherent operating margin in -- or excuse me, operating leverage in the model, and that's been something that we've been able to demonstrate, I think, this quarter as well as over the course of the year.
James Gorman: Yes. I'd say, Christian, obviously, this is going to be a hot topic because it's all anybody wants to talk about all of a sudden is expense management for 2022. I'm not going to talk about competitors, but you've got to look at business models. I mean, we're a different business model. Just take our Wealth Management business, which is $24-plus billion in revenue. Those advisors are paid on a grid. There is no inflation on it. It's based upon what they produce. Most of our investment bank is similarly paid based on bonus and that's based on what they produce, what our performance is. If that goes up, they go up, which they did this year and we were thrilled to do that. So we've invested a lot in technology, but we've also bought companies. As I said before, we didn't just buy E*TRADE and Solium and Eaton Vance, we bought technology businesses within them, which we would have been developing ourselves, the online banking business within E*TRADE, the Solium workplace platform, which is basically -- it's basically software programming business, the Parametric platform with Eaton Vance, all of these are things which if we built would have been very expensive. So buy versus build, we made that trade-off. So it's a combination of all of those. We're very comfortable with our expense situation right now. And I don't know, we're just -- I guess, it's a different business model.
Christian Bolu: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Sharon, I just wanted to ask a question on the slide that you've got in the deck on the realization of forward curve as well as the liquidity revenue and whatnot. So I'm guessing that the $200 million in liquidity revenue is waivers and the recovery of waivers. But that number seems a little low. Wasn't the waiver in the third quarter, $169 million? At least that's what was in the Q. And so can you maybe help reconcile where you're currently running on waivers versus that $200 million?
Sharon Yeshaya: Absolutely. So this $200 million, what we're reflecting here, Brennan, it's a good question, is the forward curve. And so the forward curve has the first rate hike in effect that we looked at from December 31. So that's in the second quarter. So therefore, it's the amount that you would expect to realize this year, should that forward curve play out. That's the way this slide was illustrated. And just to drive the distinction, though, between what you see in the Q, the Q has all different types of waivers. It's not just money market waivers. But you're right to say that this number on a relative basis would be considered low if you're thinking about a full year context.
Brennan Hawken: Got it. Okay. So we could calibrate both the NII number and the liquidity for it. Okay. Excellent. And then when we think about -- you made a comment, I think, Sharon, when you were talking about the impact in the fourth quarter of Wealth Management margins, clearly low, right, full year impact of that benefit. But it sounded like what you said was, when we were thinking about entering 2022 that the full year is the way to think about it. But that's just like -- I just want to sort of clarify and understand. Did you mean that, that was the jumping off point? Or that that's the right way to think about 2022 in total? Because I'd assume with a lot of the rate benefit coming, continued operating leverage and whatnot, you'd be talking more about it jumping off point than thinking about the full year. But am I reading too much into that?
Sharon Yeshaya: No, you're not. Thank you for clarifying that. That's 100% accurate. What we were referring to is the first quarter of 2022 and using this full year number as a good launching off point is sort of setting you up. That's obviously ex-integration for the first quarter. So yes, as the rate rises, that should increase the margin as it goes forward throughout the course of the year.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. Okay. Hopefully, I can sneak one in because it was a clarification question.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. Don't worry, Brennan.
Brennan Hawken: The Investment Management fee rate was like really pleasantly surprisingly improved despite the fact that we're still waiving fees like we just talked about. Could you talk a little about -- I know Eaton Vance is early and there's still -- that is still progressing and whatnot. But I kind of thought that the third quarter fee rate would have settled fully but there was an improvement. Can you talk about what drove that improvement? Is that sustainable? Or was there some one-time lumpiness in there?
Sharon Yeshaya: It's the fourth quarter. Those -- you see some of the rates moving up in the fourth quarter, Brennan. But overall, I think as you look forward and you think about fees more broadly, we obviously have a larger asset base. I think it all ends back to this idea of growth. And that's -- I think, really ties to James' slide as well, which really thinks about what are we trying to build, leaning into growth and really thinking about creating durable fee revenue streams over time.
Brennan Hawken: So when you say the fourth quarter, I mean, I was excluding the performance fee because you guys break that out. Are there performance fees that are also embedded in the asset management line, too, that have the seasonality?
Sharon Yeshaya: No.
Brennan Hawken: No. Okay. So the core fee rate is a good fee rate to think about going forward?
Sharon Yeshaya: Yes. And we also disclosed them in the Q and in the K.
Operator: The next question is from Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI Group.
Glenn Schorr: James, a little, tiny qualifier, if I could. Last quarter, I think you made the comment of, well, organic growth shouldn't be likely below 5%. Today, you said more like it won't be like the old days. Is it still like the old days, meaning that when you're in that 4% range pre all the additions and the opportunities you have in hand? Are we still looking at like should be 5 and above? I don't need to pin you down. I would just want to make sure I'm getting the right context.
James Gorman: Yes. I don't know what -- I'm not sure I heard you correctly about what you said about what I said last quarter. But let me say what I'm going to say this quarter. Listen, we -- historically, back in the bad days, we actually had negative growth, right? We lost more money than we brought in. Then for a bunch of years through the early sort of '12 through '15, we were probably running at 1%, 2%. The couple of years before the E*TRADE acquisition and before, frankly, the business really hit its stride, we were sort of running around 3%, 4%, 5%, and we kind of guided 4% to 6% was reasonable for long-term predictions. This past year, I think we grew at 11%, which is -- I mean, it's freakish, right, Glenn? This is -- you're talking about over $400 billion of new money. There are a lot of asset management companies that aren't $400 billion in size. I don't think that's sustainable. I mean, God I'd love it, but I don't think it's sustainable, but we're not going back to 3%, 4%. I don't know if it's 5, 6, 7, somewhere in that zone. But it's going to be a very healthy growth rate. And you compound that out over what is now $4.9 trillion, you get to really big numbers, which is why, combined with wealth and asset management, we put them together and currently, they're about $6.5 trillion. We can see a path to $10 trillion here, and we want to call that because we believe that's going to happen. So that's -- we're in that sort of, I don't know, 4, 5, 6, 7. It's -- and that's why I deliberately said in the script that it was too early to put a net new money target out there. We needed to see where this really settled.
Glenn Schorr: Perfect. Exactly what I needed. Thanks. The other one, James, is the long-term goals, if you look at the last slide, I think those are great long-term goals. And if you could do that sustainably, I think you would get your multiple expansion, people would love it.
James Gorman: Would be $200 stock, my friend.
Glenn Schorr: The high-class problem that you have is you kind of did some of them this year or last year, so maybe if -- again, if I could just have you part some more, then just go through, how to think about sustainability and what you're building towards what long-term means just so we don't do the up and down game every quarter. So like, "Oh, wait, you didn't hit your ROTC target this quarter…?
James Gorman: Yes. Listen, this is the problem with putting goals out there. You hear them and everybody says, "Great, what's the new one?" Our goals last year, our 2-year goals was 14 to -- take ROTCE of 14% to 16%. We happen to hit 20% this year. It was an unbelievably good year. And if we were really operating with a permanent 20-plus percent ROTCE, the stock would be much higher than it is now. In fact, I think it should be higher than it is now, but that's a different issue. So we put out 20%-plus. I don't think you're going to find another bank in the world that's putting out a 20%-plus ROTCE goal. And over the long term, we're not saying forever, that's why we separated client assets at 10 trillion as longer term not to be too cute about it, but we think that, obviously, just mathematically, if you do 5% net new money growth, you have 5% to 6% market appreciation, you're talking about a sort of just mathematically, full year to 5-year time zone to get to 10 trillion. By the way, in 2006, our total assets as a company were $1 trillion. We're now at 6.5. So it's not like an impossible lift. On efficiency ratio, when I started in this job, I think our efficiency ratio was in the low 80s. We have grounded down every single year. And our range over the last -- including this year, 2021, '22 was 69 to 72. We obviously beat that. We had -- as I said, we had a blowout year. But we're consistently of the view that, notwithstanding all the talk about expense pressure, our efficiency ratio will stay under 70%. That for long-term management and managing growth and investing in the business, you got to balance growth versus expense, I think that's a phenomenal outcome. And Wealth Management, our long-term goals there was 69 to 72 -- I'm sorry, 26 to 30, we've now said 30% plus. When we get the kick up from the forward curve, we get some of the rate increase in the next couple of years. We finished the integration expenses. You're going to see that number go up. No question about that. So that's the context. And frankly, I just like the round 20, 70, 30, 10, felt like a nice clean sheet. Everybody can follow it. And that's what we're planning on.
Operator: The next question is from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.
Steven Chubak: So I was hoping to unpack some of the assumptions underpinning the 30% margin target for the Wealth segment. Looking at the adjusted Wealth Management margin this past year of 27% and the 30% target is certainly a significant improvement from where you've been run rating over like the past decade-plus. In this new world order following the E*TRADE acquisition, it does feel a bit conservative when layering in the synergies as well as simply the realization of the forward curve. And I wanted to see if we should expect the NII windfall to largely fall to the bottom line? And can you speak to what you believe is an achievable margin goal when contemplating a lot of the tailwinds or benefits you cited from higher run rate organic growth, the upside from higher rates and just the full realization of trade synergies?
James Gorman: Steve, I have to say I love you. You're the first person in history to call a 30%-plus pretax margin Wealth Management as conservative. I mean we started we're like 3%. So listen, there's nobody in history, I think, has ever generated 30-plus percent number. I think it was back -- if you go back, it was Shearson in the fourth quarter of 1999, I believe, generated a 29% margin. And that was because they were doing, let's just say, a lot of Internet-based buy and selling, the clients back then. So that was like an artificial period. Listen, there is the reason we put the plus on it. We don't think 30% is the ceiling. But let's run before we sprint here. We've gone from 5 to 10 to 15 to 20 to 25. 27%, 28% margins with growth, that's a phenomenal story. If we can do 30%, which we will do because of the way rates are going, it gets even better. So 30%-plus, there's no great magic to it. It's just the math of how we think the business plays out the next couple of years. I don't know what the plus is going to be. It might be 0.1 or it might be 5.
Steven Chubak: Fair enough, James. Although last year, I think you had a similar response, and I pressed you on the ROTCE target and it was raised. So hopefully, we'll see a similar outcome this time around.
James Gorman: Maybe you're clairvoyant, I don't know.
Steven Chubak: Well, just for my follow-up, I wanted to ask about the upcoming changes to the capital regime. There's certainly some significant changes coming down the pike as part of Basel IV. I know we might be jumping the gun. We don't have a proposal yet from the Fed. But I was hoping you could just share some preliminary thoughts on how you see this potentially impacting minimum capital requirements at the Firm. And any learnings just from the SA-CCR experience in terms of your ability to mitigate some of those RWA inflationary pressures?
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. Why don't I take the last one first, which I think the overarching theme is really around adaptation? As it specifically relates to SA-CCR, I think there was data mitigation that we were able to achieve. And I think we're proud of being able to focus and move forward. As it relates to Basel, no surprise that you asked the question, Steve. So it's nice to hear from you on that one. But obviously, there is no final rule yet. I think there's -- the difficulty in saying something is that there's often and can be offset between these rules. And so that's something that I would bear in mind as you think through it and as we all think through it. But what I think is really the point is that we have adopted really well. And we also have 280 basis points, I think, as James showed, of excess capital on the CET1 metric. And so I think we're really comfortable with our position, and we're comfortable to better understand the capital rules as they come our way.
Operator: The next question is from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo.
Michael Mayo: Since, James, you're looking for the 20% ROTCE permanently, how much longer do you plan to stay as CEO? And by setting such a high target, are you encouraging some extra risk-taking?
James Gorman: I'll take the second question -- second part of the question first. No. We, in fact, did a 20% ROTCE this year without taking extra risk taking with the movement in rates, the scaling the business, the completed integration to come of Eaton Vance and E*TRADE and the removal of those costs. The moats around the business and the embedded growth we have in net new assets, I don't think these are -- involve risk-taking at all. This is not about growing the balance sheet and growing risk-weighted assets. This is about growing durable fee sources, durable revenues and managing our expenses. I don't know if we're going to achieve it every single year, but we certainly -- it's certainly a goal, and it's a go for reason. So no, I don't think it involves taking extra risk. I mean, fundamentally, our business model is different, Mike, as you know, we generate $30 billion and it's going up from wealth and asset management that don't involve taking a lot of risk. Our investment bank -- traditional Investment Banking doesn't involve taking a lot of risk. Some of the underwriting, obviously, does. Some of the trading does. But a lot of the -- look at equities, a lot of the equities business is buying and selling on behalf of clients. So no, that's not -- the plan is not after all these years to dial up the risk.  And I'm not going to repeat what I've said many times, I'm not leaving now, and I'm not going to be here in 5 years, and it's up to the Board. We're developing successors. I'll be here a few years. And I want to see these integrations done. I want to see us firmly on this path. And I want to hand it over to somebody else who can take us to the next decade.
Michael Mayo: Great. And then one follow-up. As far as the ins and outs, that's helpful to give the market share. And the numbers speak for themselves, 15% Investment Banking market share, 23% Equity share. But on the one hand, I think you're one of the biggest providers to the tech industry. And with tech having some pain recently, I wonder what percent of your Investment Banking business is to the tech sector. And then offsetting that, perhaps there are some other industries that are coming back online after the pandemic.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. I would actually point to the fact that what I said, I think, in the last 2 quarters, is that we're seeing a broadening out of the advisor activity. It's not specific to any one sector. And I think that's been what's really contributed to the healthy pipelines in that business. across all the Investment Banking. And then as you look in sales and trading, it's a highly diversified model and has not really pinned down to any one specific sector.
Operator: The next question is from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor: Can you just talk a bit big picture on the industry wallet for both banking and trading as rates rise and as the Fed unwinds the balance sheet? Obviously, there's been some benefits the last couple of years, and we're all trying to figure out do we anchor to the more recent last couple of years, go back to pre-COVID, if you think about the wallet. And my follow-up will be on your positioning specifically.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. I think the -- if you think about the industry wallet, -- There have been a couple of things that I would mention. One is, obviously, as I said, if you look specifically at Investment Banking, you've seen different types of activity. You see different types of corporates and sponsors, which has been one of the contributors of a greater wallet. But then if you also think about the Sales & Trading franchise and the movement there, the activity has changed. I think that you were looking back -- if you think back to pre-2018, '17, '19, there was obviously less activity with central banks all having a very similar approach and one rate. Obviously, as you inject rates rising, you do -- you would expect or one should expect different types of volatility and different diversification amongst products, which could contribute to a bigger or a different type of wallet that you saw in the early 2020 to period. That being said, I mean, obviously, none of us have a crystal ball. I think right now, what we do know is that activity is high. I think there's a lot of client differentiation and a robustness really in that type of wallet more broadly. But we'll have to see how it goes. And I think the point I was trying to make in my conclusion is we don't know how any of it will impact sentiment. And I think that's the big piece that is out there is a factor that we have to watch.
Matthew O'Connor: Fair enough. And then in terms of your positioning, obviously, Slide 6 of your deck shows very strong market share gains in the last few years. As you think about the market kind of ebbing and flowing, is the goal to hold the share, and this kind of ties back into some of the expense pressures in the industry where some of your peers are either invested quite a bit this last year or plan to in the future years? How do we think about the segments and you already have such strong share in equities, for example, but fixed income is an area where you've talked about being somewhere in between on the? So how do you think about those businesses from a competitive point of view going forward?
Sharon Yeshaya: So I think that when you -- what we would point to is I think this is a really -- it's a scale-driven model. We've put a lot of moats in place. I think having a global reach across different pieces contributes to the ability to actually hold or gain share across the Investment Banking division and -- or excuse me, the Institutional Securities franchise more broadly. If you think about the equities, we have a very strong very strong franchise there. Investment banking, as I've said before, we continue to invest in that business. And then if you look at fixed income, I think we continue to feel good about that business, our client positioning, and we've gained share over the last couple of years, and we feel good about being rightsized and there for our clients as it relates to those needs.
Operator: The next question is from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess, Sharon, I was wondering if, one, you could just get a mark-to-market in terms of an update on all the integration, where we are and when do we expect to fully get that behind us. And just tied to that, I think, James, you've in the past talked about looking at E*TRADE scaling that up globally. Just give us a sense of is there something that can happen in the near term. And what's the optionality there on E*TRADE and taking it global?
Sharon Yeshaya: So why don't I start on the integration. I think where we -- what we had said was we looked for approximately a 3-year integration period. We have seen some -- and this is specific to E*TRADE, we have seen obviously a portion of the integration-related spend over the course of the last 2 years. We would expect the vast majority of the integration-related expenses to be pulled forward into 2022 with a slight residual in 2023 but most of that happening in 2022. And I think that what you'll see later in the 2023 space will be more on the back end and not really a client -- not really client-facing. As it relates to the actual cost synergies that we've seen, we're in a very good place. I think that it's exceeded our expectations in terms of the guidance that we gave in terms of a time line and seeing those come through. But on a holistic basis, we stick to the cost synergy guidance that we gave when we first announced the transaction.
James Gorman: On the international, I mean, E*TRADE already manages some plans internationally. We don't have immediate plans to take the platform outside the U.S., but it's certainly part of the long-term strategy. So I'd say right now, let's get the integration done. Let's prove out the case here, get the cost synergies we talked about sort of close the books on that, and then we're looking for further expansion.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And just a separate question around -- there's some concern that the Fed is behind the curve in terms of monetary policy, how concerned are you in terms of the risk of an accident happening with one of your clients within the capital markets business if the Fed has to hike faster or get to QT sooner than expected? Any thoughts around that?
James Gorman: We've got a lot of clients. So I'm sure some of them are well positioned for rate hike. Some are -- it's very hard to predict that, that point suggests we're going to get 3 to 4 rate hikes this year and 3 to 4 next year. That feels kind of right. That gets us back to sort of near normal. Normal would be about 10 increases from here, gets us to about 2.5%. If people aren't positioned to manage getting back to normal, then it's kind of -- I mean, it's sort of their problem. It's not -- I'm not particularly worried about it, to be honest. And we don't try and project how people are going to change their positioning with what is a fairly predictable set of outcomes, which is we will have a normalization of interest rates at some point in the next couple of years.
Operator: The next question is from Jeremy Sigee with BNP Paribas. 
Jeremy Sigee: I just wanted to ask a couple of follow-up questions. The 2 related questions really about the wealth management growth because, obviously, that's just such a strong theme in what you're doing. The first one is I think the new metric you're giving us, the retention invested assets. That's an interesting metric and a useful one. Could you talk about how you're driving that in terms of how you're going to get that higher in terms of how you're approaching those clients and what product you're putting in front of them to drive that higher? And the second question, related, are you seeing any cross-sell or revenue synergy between your 3 Wealth Management channels, Advisory, workplace, self-directed? Or is it still too early for that?
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. So on the first -- on the new metric, I think that the first driver you're going to see is a lot of the companion accounts, right? So we've talked about the fact that we would expect to give everybody on the U.S., a companion account or at least be at 90% by the end of this year, and that's still on track. And what that will allow for is as those assets from stock plans vest into a companion account, you retain them in a Morgan Stanley self-directed type of way.  And then you use -- this will lead to the second question that you asked and sort of tying it together, products like LeadIQ or technology investments like [Project Genome] to better understand our clients and offer us the technology and that agility to give advisors and to provide the right advisors to the right workplace participants. We are already doing that. We already have pilots in place where we are giving different workplace individual advisors. And so I would say that this -- the first step is really getting everybody a companion account and that's part of the integration process. And then the second part is using technology to better match clients such that, while they still get client choice, we're able to offer them the full advice network that Morgan Stanley has to offer.
Jeremy Sigee: That's great. Could I just ask an unrelated follow-up? Do you need to get the CET1 ratio down to support your ROTCE target staying above 20%?
Sharon Yeshaya: Does it -- no, this is a longer-term target. I think you saw it even this year. So I would just retort with look at this particular year and where we were in terms of our CET1 and, obviously, say we were able to do it given the market circumstance. I'd say that over time, however, we continue to look at capital. As we think about how do we best use that capital for investment, returning it to shareholders with dividends, looking at buybacks and then other ways and uses of capital as we have over the course of the last decade.
Operator: The next question is from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Daniel Fannon: I was hoping you could discuss the profitability of the asset management business now that you've had several quarters of Eaton Vance. And I know that deal wasn't cost driven, but wondering if there's any additional synergies? And as you think about money market fee waivers coming through, as you mentioned earlier, the incremental margin on that in the context of the overall profitability of that business?
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. So I think that the fee waiver sort of speak for themselves, and so I think that gives you a direct number. On the E*TRADE and Eaton Vance integration -- or excuse me, the Investment Management and the Eaton Vance integration, I think that the way to think about it is it wasn't ever a cost savings transaction. The idea was always to marry the platforms, and you've already begun to see that. So if you think about the diversification of the product suite itself, you're in a position where if you see flows in one business go down, you've seen flows go up in other businesses. And so that's given you this ballast almost in that business specifically. But in addition to that, and I mentioned this in my prepared remarks, if you look at the second thing that we had highlighted a lot when we purchased Eaton Vance was the different distribution networks. So we have an international -- or Morgan Stanley had an international distribution capability that Eaton Vance didn't have. So a product such as Calvert, where you have a cyclical tailwind in terms of -- and a secular tailwind in terms of people being interested in that sustainability space, that is going to be sold using our international distribution channels beginning in the first half of year. I think that shows the progress and momentum that we have in place as you're marrying those 2 different sort of companies and they're coming together as one.
Daniel Fannon: And one of the other attributes you've highlighted is the Parametric opportunity within Wealth. I guess, is it too early to talk about uptake of that, some of the tax advantage strategies they offer in terms of your Wealth clients?
Sharon Yeshaya: Well, Parametric was already offered and very well received within the Wealth Management platform. I think we're looking for more ways to sell -- to offer that product, I should say, within different parts of the Wealth Management channel.
Operator: There are no questions at this time. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you, everyone, for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-14 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. On behalf of Morgan Stanley, I will begin the call with the following disclaimer. During today's presentation, we will refer to our earnings release and financial supplement, copies of which are available at morganstanley.com. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to our notices regarding Forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures that appear in the earnings release. This presentation may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent. I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James Gorman: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, thanks for joining us. It was an exceptional third quarter this -- the firm delivered, and it's contributed to year-to-date revenues of 45 billion. To put this in context, year-to-date revenues surpassed full-year 2019 revenues by nearly 10% as of this stage. Our business model continues to generate durable revenues, high returns, and strong operating leverage, and we produced an ROTCE of over 20%, both in the quarter and on a year-to-date basis. Institutional Securities continues to gain share, it performed strongly across all regions and all 3 major businesses. The work we have done to integrate our businesses across the Investment Bank is clearly paying dividends. Of note, investment banking had its best quarter in history. And within that M&A also produced its own record quarter. Equities were extremely strong and fixed income was stable. The wealth management business, which includes E*TRADE now, of course, is growing assets at levels far beyond what we've seen. Through the first nine months, this business added over 300 billion of net new assets, compounding growth on a client asset base of over 4.6 trillion, and we believe this is going to be an economic engine for Morgan Stanley for decades to come. The majority of our advisors had positive net new assets year-to-date. And it's this broad-based strength that's key to driving these asset levels. We're seeing momentum, though, across all our newer channels, self-directed and workplace. Self-directed client engagement remains elevated, US corporate soft claim wins increased over 90% versus last year. In the quarter, we continued to broaden our reach, especially Morgan Stanley at Work, where we now have in excess of 14 million unique relationships. While it's early days, we believe that over time, Morgan Stanley at Work will be a meaningful growth driver for the overall business providing additional connectivity to a wider range of prospective clients for broader Wealth Management services.  Investment Management. Fee-based asset management revenues were $1.5 billion in the quarter. By the way, that's nearly tripled the average quarterly level of five years ago. At $1.5 trillion of assets under management represents a more diverse asset mix, further enhancing the range of bay we can provide clients. Expanded solutions and customization, sustainability, and value-added Fixed Income, along with our sizable and growing alternatives platform, position us well to capitalize on ongoing secular growth trends. Year-to-date net flows within Investment Management have exceeded $100 billion. Finally, as it relates to capital, we bought back 3.6 billion of stock, consistent with our overall capital plan, and doubled our dividends, thereby delivering shareholders a nearly 3% return. All that said, we're not complacent in what is obviously a slightly more turbulent market environment. We do expect the Federal Reserve will begin tapering soon, and that will be followed by increasing rates in 2022. We remain optimistic about the firm's position and business outlook, but we will exercise more caution if we see a significant uptick in volatility. Throughout, we remain committed to our core values that drive our culture and ensure we do business the right way. A final word on capital. As you know, SA-CCR, the Standardized Counterparty Credit Risk, regulatory changes beginning next year for the largest banks, It impacts the calculation of counterparty credit risks and thus, risk-weighted assets. We've decided to early adopt in the fourth quarter. That, of course, increases RWAs and with that lowers the implied CET1 ratio. Our current CET1 ratio, which includes the impact of our recently doubled dividend and our buyback as of the third quarter is 16%. The pro forma impact of CECA, absent further mitigation, could theoretically reduce that by approximately 120 basis points. Of course, we have a lot of flexibility to mitigate, and that work has already begun. But early adoption allows us to pick up a benefit in the future which may itself offset a part of this impact over time. I am now going to turn the call over to Sharon and discuss -- she will discuss the quarter in greater detail and then we'll both take your questions. Thank you.
Sharon Yeshaya: Thank you, and good morning. The firm produced revenues of $14.8 billion in the third quarter, once again, representing 1 of the top 3 quarters of the last decade. Excluding integration-related expenses, our EPS was $2.04 and our ROTCE was 20.2%. Year-to-date revenues reached a record of $45.2 billion. Institutional Securities continue to power performance with particular strength in investment banking and equities. Wealth management and investment management each set year-to-date records. While investing for growth, our business model demonstrated operating leverage. The firm's year-to-date efficiency ratio improved to 67%. Now, to the businesses. Institutional Securities delivered an extremely strong quarter with $7.5 billion in revenues. Year-to-date, the revenues of $23.2 billion were the strongest in over a decade. The integrated investment bank is working seamlessly to serve our clients and to gain share. B balance revenues supported overall results. Advisory, in particular, was a standout with record quarterly and year-to-date performance. Importantly, Institutional Securities is delivering remarkable operating leverage. The pretax margin, which was 38% year-to-date, has significantly contributed to the firm's strong efficiency ratio this year. Investment Banking revenues were a record of $2.8 billion, increasing 67% from the prior year. Exceptional performance in advisory and continued strength in underwriting drove the quarter's results. The Americas and Europe led the year-over-year increase. Advisory revenues were a record $1.3 billion reflecting increased completed M&A activity versus the prior year. Results were supported by greater sector diversification compared to last year. Equity underwriting revenues were $1 billion, marking the fourth consecutive quarter at/or above this level. The increase from the prior year was driven by strength across products. Fixed income underwriting revenues were $567 million. The year-over-year increase was driven by strength in non-investment grade loans supported by the combination of the rate environment, and elevated levels of event-driven activity. Investment Banking pipelines remain healthy across sectors and regions. And activity is expected to continue on the back of current momentum. Financial sponsors are deploying capital and corporate clients are looking for strategic opportunities as a source for growth. Equity revenues were very strong, increasing 24% from the prior year to $2.9 billion. Our equities business remains a global leader. Results benefited from sustained client activities throughout the quarter. Revenues in Asia were particularly strong, underscoring the importance of our diversified global footprint. Cash and derivative revenues were both higher versus the prior year. Broad-based client engagement continued through the summer months. Prime brokerage revenues increased versus last year on higher equity market levels. Fixed Income revenues declined from the strong prior year to $1.6 billion. Still, the business delivered a solid third quarter. Micro results remained above historical averages but reflected lower revenues and securitized products and credit corporates compared to the prior year, which benefited from a wider bid-offer spread. Macro also declined versus last year, with lower revenues in both rates and foreign exchange. Commodities were strong and revenues improved versus the prior year, as North America's power and gas benefited from robust client activity. Turning to Wealth Management, the prior quarter will be a more relevant benchmark as a comparison period, given the acquisition of E-TRADE, Revenues were $5.9 billion, down 3% from the prior quarter. However, excluding the impact of DCP, which declined by approximately $300 million, the revenues increased 2%. Integration-related costs were $113 million. Excluding integration-related expenses, PBT was $1.6 billion, and the margin was 27.7%. We realized a record of $135 billion of net new assets, which underscores the power of the asset gathering platform we have built. Net new assets in the quarter were strong and balanced, inclusive of assets from existing clients and new clients, stock and investing events, and net recruiting. Year-to-date NNA exceeds $300 billion representing a 10% annualized growth rate of beginning period assets. In the quarter, we added $43 billion of predominantly retirement assets through an asset acquisition. These incremental assets are reflected in total client assets, fee-based assets, net new assets, and fee-based flows. We are particularly excited about the approximately 600,000 participants associated with these retirement assets, who will now have access to educational content and analytical tools, delivered through the financial wellness platform. Deepening these relationships and ultimately converting workplace relationships to an advisor, lead, or self-directed clients based on their individual needs. It's at the core of our expansion strategy. The workplace channel serves as an asset acquisition funnel, that will fuel our growth over time. We are excited by the momentum in the workplace. Year-to-date, new stock plan participants have more than doubled. We have nearly $500 billion in invested assets. In the quarter, transactional revenues were $832 million. Excluding the impact of DCP, revenues declined 4% in line with seasonal patterns. Self-directed daily average tradings were approximately $960,000 in the Quarter. In line with the average level for the full year of 2020. While moderating from the exceptionally high activity seen earlier this year, client engagement remains high. Darts this quarter was 3 times above E*TRADE's pre-acquisition record. Asset Management revenues were $3.6, billion up 5% sequentially, Year-to-date, these revenues increased 29% to a record $10.3 billion. The strength in fee-based flow supports our view that clients first consolidate assets onto our platform and then migrate these assets to the advisory. Bank lending balances grew $7 billion sequentially to $121 billion and have grown 23% year-to-date. Growth in securities-based lending and mortgages drove the increase, reflecting strong client demand for new lines and increased household participation. Net interest income was $1.3 billion. Prepayment amortization was negligible in the quarter, but it did impact the sequential move. Excluding prepaying for both quarters, NII was up 4%, benefiting from the incremental growth in lending balances and decreased deposit costs. For the remainder of the year, we expect NII to build sequentially on the back of loan growth at a pace slightly below the third quarter. The integration of E*TRADE remains on track. Today, dual clients of E*TRADE and Morgan Stanley can choose to provide their Morgan Stanley advisor with visibility into their E*TRADE accounts. By year-end, clients will be able to link their self-directed accounts via single sign-on building on our digital client experience. Moving to investment management. The timing of the Eaton Vance acquisition makes the prior quarter a more relevant benchmark. Revenues were $1.5 billion declining 15%, while asset management and related fees rose sequentially, the increase was offset by lower performance-based income and other revenue. Total AUM remains strong at $1.5 trillion. Net -- total net flows were $12.3 billion in the quarter, driven by liquidity and overlay services. Long-term flows reflected a single redemption of $7.5 billion in our solutions business by a large asset manager. The redemption was approximately half of the asset manager's AUM with us. We expect the remainder of the AUM to be redeemed in the first half of 2022, as the asset manager brings its equity, trading implementation in-house. Excluding this idiosyncratic outflow, we saw positive long-term net flows, with continued demand for parametric, customized portfolios, private real estate, and private credit, and sustainable strategies through both Calvert and funds. Asset management and related fees were $1.5 billion, reflecting the high proportion of durable and recurring revenues in this business. Performance-based income and other revenues were a loss of $17 million in the quarter. Gains across the platform were offset by lower accrued carried interest in our Asia private equity business, primarily driven by a single underlying public investment in one of the funds. The broadening of our growing alternatives portfolio helped mitigate this overall impact. Finally, the integration with Eaton Vance remains on pace. We continue to invest in secular growth areas, particularly sustainability, alternative, and customization for Wealth Management platforms and clients. Turning to the balance sheet. Total spot assets increased to $1.2 trillion. Risk-weighted assets grew by approximately $11 billion, primarily driven by increased client activity in the quarter. We continue to deliver on our commitment to return capital to shareholders and are executing on our $12 billion buyback authorization, buying back $3.6 billion of stock in the quarter. Our standardized CET1 ratio now stands at 16%. As James mentioned, we intend to early adopt SA-CCR during the fourth quarter this year, after taking into consideration the potential benefits to certain capital metrics, such as the future SCB calculations. With our current portfolio size and mix, the adoption would imply an estimated increase to our risk-weighted assets of approximately 35 to $45 billion. This would also apply a reduction to our CET1 ratio by approximately 120 basis points upon adoption. We have commenced mitigation efforts that should offset some of the impacts to our CET1 ratio. We will continue to remain well-capitalized post the adoption of SA-CCR. We continue to benefit from the diversification of our franchise. The firm is firing on all cylinders as we enter the end of the year on a strong footing. We're capturing share and Institutional Securities. Clients remain engaged and pipelines are healthy. We are excited by the momentum we've seen in Wealth Management's ability to attract and consolidate assets, and the benefits of the improved diversification in Investment Management. Importantly, we are meaningfully investing in technology across all of our businesses. With that, we will now open the lineup to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] In the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Our first question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thanks very much. I'm curious. The flows in the Wealth Management channel continue to impress. I think you guys are by far the largest distributor of alternative assets, and as that space grows and as that becomes a bigger part of a client portfolio, I wonder if you could help us frame -- have you ever broken out either the asset level or percentage of high net worth portfolios that you have today versus where you think that can grow to?
Sharon Yeshaya: I think. Hi Glenn. It's Sharon. I think if memory serves me, there was a strategy deck that we did in 2017 or '18 that does give a portfolio mix that you can see for advisory lead assets. So it can give you some sense, rough sense from those documents. What I would say though is that I had also noticed this trend. When we go through it, there has been a slight shift. But you're obviously talking about a very large asset base. But I would definitely say that both anecdotally, and it does bear out in some of the numbers that you see a slight increase towards alternatives as a composition of the portfolio.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. Just a quick follow-up on your SA-CCR comments, because they were reasonably comprehensive. Which specific assets are most impacted? Just so I can think through mitigation and how much of an impact it can make. And then I'm curious, what does early adoption do for you besides brownie points, like. how does that possibly help in future SA - CCRs?
James Gorman: Glenn, in case you're confused, this is James. The accents are so different. On SA - CCR -- I mean, it depicts counterparty credit risks, there were models that were in place, that Basel has been working on replacing. They actually started in 2014. And the idea was to implement it in 2017. And they relate to most of the derivative contracts and the determination where their margin and not margin have to treat that from a risk-weighted asset perspective. So there's a complicated formula that applies the weighting to default risk and then the NPV of future payment obligations under various contracts. So it's taken a while for them to get it done. They actually deferred it, I think, during COVID. They've given the banks till the beginning of next year to get -- to put it in place and they are allowing banks to pre-announce the benefit of starting early if it affects the peak-to-trough in your SA-CCR calculations during the SA - CCR cycles. So there will be some offsets later. And we just felt, we need to get -- we needed to get into it sooner rather than later. Most of it is in ISG. I think about if let's say the RWA number, I think we've got at $35 to $45 billion, honestly, that's moving around a little bit because we are -- this is complicated stuff. But we've certainly done the end's worst, and hopefully, it's the lower end of that. Some of it is in the wealth business because of all the options in that business, but it's a relatively small part of it, but I think like 10%, 15%.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brennan Hawken with UBS. Your line is now open.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I'd like to start on net new assets in Wealth. Sharon, I believe you flagged an acquisition of a retirement business. Number 1, this is basically just the team, right, of consultants that all sit within wealth. So it could be a call to large-scale recruiting. Is that fair? And number 2 is the idea that you guys are interested in getting -- more importantly and more strategically, is the idea that you guys want to get a little more aggressive in 401K, DC plans in order to complement the stock plan business and enhance the workplace offering?
Sharon Yeshaya: I'd say in -- holistically, Brennan, nice question. Thank you. It's fair. I think that it is a large-scale team that you can consider in terms of that asset acquisition. I think that as you rightly point out, it is an extension of our strategy. And what you're really trying to think about is how do you get more participants that you can touch, that you can begin to sell both products and assets that are appropriate for them, but more than that, offer them true services like financial wellness that we're already doing through the stock plan business. If you think of retirement assets and then you think of who is the actual holder of those retirement assets. And those are the participants. So through municipalities, pensions, et cetera, and all of a sudden you have just another layer of people that you first offer, financial wellness and education to. And then you can introduce them to the services that Morgan Stanley has, the same way that you would introduce the services to a workplace client. So an extension of the strategy and a continuation of the concept of the funnel.
James Gorman: My key takeaway on -- because this is a very important topic broadly. My key takeaway on it is, we used to have a very monolithic model for asset gathering. You had existing clients who may be brought new money to you from other institutions or accumulated wealth. They also spent wealth, so that would go up and down. You had financial biases about who left and who you're recruited. And for many is, we were frankly net deficit of financial advisors as frankly most of the broker dealer is in my 30 years of doing this. A couple of years ago, the net deficit changed materially for us. We are seeing net positive attrition, very few advisors leaving and significant advisors come in particularly large teams from across the street in the banking industry. So that's positive. The channel that the workplaces opened up and the opportunity to gather assets, which was a part of the driver between -- behind this quarter's numbers is basically a new channel. And then obviously the E*TRADE channel is a new channel, and now you're seeing this sort of acquisition of RIA type teams of which this is one, so it's gone from one model, a defense and a tack model of keep you people and try and get some of the marketplaces to our multi-pronged model, which if we obviously, we can't predict the future, but it looks like this is set up to have multiple channels of growth in the years ahead, which is the strategy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Steven Chubak: Hi, good morning. So sticking along that same topic of just the corporate stock plan business, it looks like the organic growth continues to sustain really strong momentum in terms of new corporate stock plan ads. And I was just curious how client conversion levels are tracking today. Within your ecosystem relative to the level as you were seeing prior to the E*TRADE deal. And was hoping you could just provide a broader update, not just on the corporate stock plan momentum, but even just how you're tracking with the revenue synergy targets from E*TRADE s and to announce the deal.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. It's nice to speak to you, Steve. So I would just echo what you said. Yes, we saw US stock plan wins increase by 90% over last year. So just to put that out there and put it in perspective. As you think about conversion, we're still working through some of the metrics as it relates to retention, but anecdotally we are seeing strong retention. Obviously, there were different metrics as you think about what E*TRADE defined as retention and how you might define retention going forward given this new structure. But I think that the synergies as they've played out are very strong. We obviously never gave a direct revenues target. But if you think about what E*TRADE was doing, it's -- the concept was always, well, how you think about the whole spectrum of client wealth. And so we're seeing our teams work very closely together. We're thinking about new ways to offer Morgan Stanley services like research, et cetera, and advice that you would see through your advisor also through your E*TRADE portal. And all of that's really much interacting on -- we continue to think about meeting our companion accounts for example, which was 50% right now and 90% in the U.S. accounts by next year. So all of those sorts of touchpoints and milestones are on track and we look forward to giving you, I think more detail as you think about the January deck next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Bernard Von Gizycki: Yes. Hi. Good morning. This is actually Bernie Von Gizycki from Maxim, thanks for taking my question. My question relates to the Investment Banking backdrop and how it relates to direct listings. Investment Banking results are very strong. And as you previously noted, pipelines remain healthy across sectors and regions, and momentum should continue. So with that said, there's been a number of direct listings this year versus just 1 in 2018. Given Morgan Stanley has been an advisor on a number of these deals, could you share your observations if the increase of these private to public structures, although small in numbers still have been more of a byproduct of a favorable market backdrop? Or is it more of a structural change in the private markets? And any comments you could share on future industry pipelines for direct listings.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. I think that key point that we've always said about direct listings is that it's another tool in the toolkit and it's really dependent on the client situation and the needs at that point in time. So these are specific situations, but I would say that that's, while potentially can be a contributor to the advisory results, what I would focus you on for advisory are two things. One is the diversification across the sectors and the geography. So what we're seeing is not just one product necessarily driving results, or one sector driving results, but rather that the pipeline broadly is healthy. And as James said, last year, we continue to invest in this business. So I think that's sort of where we -- how we think about the business going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital. Your line is now open.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. Good morning, Sharon, James. Can you guys share with us -- obviously, the markets have been very strong. You guys have done a great job, obviously, in capturing that growth along with some of your peers. Do you have any sense of what normal -- what normalization would be in the markets and how you would put -- -- what kind of market share you could maintain in a more normalized market, whether that's somewhere between 2019 and today, but any color there? And then second, James, you talked about increased volatility. What are some of the metrics you're looking at to measure if the markets became more volatile and you guys would maybe get a little more defensive? Thank you.
James Gorman: Well, on the normalized markets, it's clearly being a major shift between the U.S. and non-U.S. institutions post-crisis. And I'm talking about capital markets here, Gerard. It's the barriers to entry for those businesses. If you look, a lot of the regional banks and investment banks that tried to be global investment banks and didn't work out so well, the scale economics over the barriers to entry are just so large. And frankly, the technology is so demanding and complex that it's pretty hard to be a wannabe or a new entrant trying to break into the group that is dominating the global flow of capital markets. And within that, we are obviously performing very well. We've picked up a lot of shares consistently across fixed income and equities, and increasingly in banking over the last several years. I don't see that abating. I mean, I don't see a compelling reason why that would change in the wealth and asset management space, again scale is your friend, we've done two huge deals in the last year and then Smith Barney a decade ago at 6.5- ish trillion, clearly at scale, we're one of the biggest asset managers and Wealth Managers in the world, and that generates about 30 billion revenue. Again, it's hard to pick up advisors one-by-one. And there aren't that many firms out there of the size that really moves the needle on the scale, and there aren't really any direct firms of size. You saw the Meritrade deal which combined 2 competitors, you've got Fidelity, you've got a couple of smaller ones, but each was kind of the last big one that was available. So I'm pretty confident about our market position. I don't see why it would deteriorate at this point. Doesn't mean it can't, I mean, but that would be more internal what we've done to ourselves than external what the market is going to do to us, is my gut on that. On volatility, I mean, you're just -- you're looking at all sorts of stuff. You're looking at day-to-day movements in market prices, you're looking at when when the Fed starts tapering what the impact of the market is, what they start signaling terms of how many DOT suggests there will be rate increases next year. It's gone from, I think, 4 to 9. That's going to introduce volatility. Some of the geopolitical discussions around obviously U.S.- China relationships, Taiwan -- injects volatility. Like anything we look at monetary policy, inflation numbers, geopolitics, and then see how that bleeds into market activity. And from that we get -- we sort of dial-up or down on the margin, a risk then you're looking -- you look at specific transactions, you look at multiples of EBITDA the deals are done at. You're looking at days of distribution on syndicated deals. I mean, there's a lot of more tactical stuff. But I try and take a thematic view. My thematic view is, it's good to be watchful right now. There's certainly nothing to suggest there are any issues, but it's -- the markets are bouncing a little bit, and over the next 18 months, we'll see more of that as the Fed starts to move.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Mike Mayo: Hi. Can you hear me?
James Gorman: Yes, Mike. Hey.
Mike Mayo: Hey, how are you doing? Look, during the quarter you made what seemed like a pretty significant announcement with a partnership with Microsoft, and I'm not really sure about the ramifications of that. Does it look like you're going to use Microsoft to transition more to the public cloud if I have that correctly? And then you're also going to be providing services to Microsoft to help them position their business, but I wasn't really clear on that. So if you could get -- a dimension that, talk about maybe efficiency benefits by using the cloud, how much do you want to transition your workload to the cloud? And then what is it that you'd be doing in return?
James Gorman: It was an important deal. Obviously, Microsoft is one of the great companies in the world, if not the largest Company in the world. So fantastic partner for us. We did do a multi-year deal with them. I won't give you the financials as you would understand. But a multi-year deal with them, and by the way, they are not the only cloud provider we use. We use -- there are great players in AWS and Google, and we have relationships with all of them, but we wanted to make a significant move. It gives us more capacity to process and analyze data, gives us time-to-market tools. There's more resilience and flexibility in the Cloud. Obviously, some of the digital initiatives that we're using to improve our client experience, we do through the Cloud. So it's one of the pillars of our technology strategy. We've tried to drive more innovation across our businesses. If you look at what we've done in Wealth Management with some of the virtual financial advisors, the lead IQ platform, and the next best ideas, these kinds of things, they are all AI-driven. And I think what you're seeing is with first, the acquisition of Solium, and then an E*Trade, our wealth businesses have a much, much stronger technology backbone, and we've been driving a lot of innovation in that space. The Cloud decision with Microsoft is really a corporate one, and I think would just lead to a much more efficient Morgan Stanley and more resilient by the way. But it's not totally -- it's Microsoft, we're very proud of our partnership with them, but we're a huge Company and we're going to keep evolving. We have developed a special relationship with them on some other things that we worked on, that I don't want to go into, obviously, on the call, that's between us and Microsoft, but it's a great move, Mike, we're really happy about it.
Mike Mayo: So can you dimension what you think the potential savings are, or how much workload you might move or give us some sense of -- I think what we're finding is some banks like Capital One are 100% on the public cloud. And then there's a series of other banks that don't really want to be on the public cloud. Where are you in that continuum? Do you want to have more of a private cloud or do you want to be one to the public cloud? And what kind of savings do you think you could get?
James Gorman: I kind of mentioned savings. Obviously, we're balancing it between both private and public. Capital One is a very different business model. They don't do M&A, they don't underwrite equity deals that have global trading businesses. So, It's really a function of -- you drive your technology decisions based upon the path to innovation and what your business model needs to support different technologies. One of the programs Rob Rooney and the team set up several years ago was something we call our distinguished engineers. We have some unbelievably capable engineers, software engineers, computer scientists around the world, who work with us and we've created a cohort where they're basically driving and feeding innovation across the firm. So no, I can't break it down to a simple you go to the cloud and it will improve our efficiency ratio by 1.2%. It just, I can't do that. But I do know that when you drive it down into the actual business activities, it's making us both a more efficient, more resilient, and faster-moving player. And frankly, being in partnership with Microsoft is a very good thing for Morgan Stanley. They're best-in-class as a Company -- as a tech Company.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. I was hoping you could expand a bit on the advisor trends, you talked about larger advisor groups coming over the recruiting. Could you maybe put some numbers around that in the context of maybe previous periods a year ago, or something prior to that, and maybe the backlog or the outlook for advisor growth as you think about the next 12 month time period?
James Gorman: Yeah, we don't -- Dan we don't put out numbers on ATRO teams that we bring in. We have a weekly report which I get every Friday night, about 7:15. And scrutinize that pretty closely and it shows which people we've recruited, what their trailing 12 months revenue are, what their assets are, and then which funds that we lose to different competition and what the sources are, where they're going to. And as I said, I've been doing this a long time at my previous firm, and here, for most of that period, we were net deficit. We were losing advisors to RIAs. We're moving this sometimes to private banks. You are losing some of the smaller producers to places like Linsco Private Ledger. That has all turned. And I think the power of the brand, I mean if you're -- the beauty of having this integrated Investment bank combined with this wealth and asset management business is you've now got world-class Parametric, Calvert sustainability funds to offer our advisors, world-class whole platforms through infrastructure, means finance, private equity, real estate. But you've also got new issuance. I mean, we're so active in the equity markets that if you're a world-class advisor managing -- some of our advisors have teams of -- they're managing books of 20 and 30 billion. They are enormous operations themselves. So if -- do you want to take a book of several billion dollars to a firm that is not a global leader in the equities markets, and is not a global leader in underwriting? I don't think so. So we've got a huge competitive advantage by having such a world-class investment bank, which feeds the advisors plus the research, which we amortized across the cost of all the three platforms, enables us to invest more in research than you do if you were just a wealth shop, or you were just an institutional shop. So again, we don't break down individual teams, but -- and it's more than any total. I have the numbers obviously in front of me. Well not literally in front of me, but in my office. And it's real, we're getting very big teams coming in.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Your line is now open.
Devin Ryan: Great morning. I want to come back to some of the comments on Investment Banking strength and the expected ongoing momentum there. It feels like a number of the areas are still actually seeing acceleration, even in the third quarter advisory. And so that's driving investor questions around, how much of this is structural versus just being in a great cycle. And as we think about Sharon, some of the comments you made about sponsors playing a bigger role. I'm just curious, how you guys would quantify how much bigger that part of your business is today, relative to maybe a few years ago. Because clearly, that's an area where there's more capital and sponsors are kind of always transacting. So just love to get some sense of how much bigger that is and whether that could continue?
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. I think that if you think about sponsors and -- but if you really think about everything, right? What's gone on is you have cash that you've raised, and debt in other parts of the market, given where the industry was at the beginning of the pandemic. And so you have the cash that needs to be deployed, be that either from a corporate or from a sponsor, et cetera. And as you push that through the system, people are looking for opportunities for growth be that from the corporate lens or from the financial sponsor's lens. So I would say that it's an active part of the business. It's not the only part of the business though, and that's the point that I was trying to make before when I mentioned sector diversification. So you might look at a financial sponsor of the sector, but you can also think about all different types of materials or retail or consumer discretionary, etc. All of that -- -- that pie in terms of where it's coming from, is changing. And that diversification I think is what's helping the activity. And I think that corporations are looking for growth. And so I'd say that it's not just one sleeve that is driving what -- the results that you saw, at least over the course of this quarter and the future pipeline.
Devin Ryan: Sure. Okay. I appreciate that. And then just a follow-up to your Wealth Management terrific momentum on the lending side. As we think about the evolution here of Morgan Stanley winning a higher percentage of the overall customer's Balance Sheet or their wallet, where do you guys feel like you are at the moment on the liability side relative to the potential? And then are there any other products there that could be the same kind of extension or a focus for growth?
Sharon Yeshaya: I think that it continues to be the beginning of that process. And so when you think about where we came from, and then the penetration that we've seen from the household side, the numbers are still small. And so while there is a loan growth momentum, and we've obviously done quite well, there's a technology that James mentioned that's also in the loan space. So if you are an advisor and you see somebody or you receive information that they've looked -- that your client has listed a mortgage calculator, for example, you'll get notified. You will speak to your client about the product that you might have. And so I think that that extension of how you use technology to service your client better. And then also just the sheer numbers given that we became a bank later in our life cycle provides a further runway for growth along with that space.
James Gorman: And I would just add a few -- when we bought E*TRADE, they had a relatively small loan book, and that was for good reason. I don't know if you remember Devin, but I forget exactly what year was it was probably '05, '06 when they had problems with this large hillock portfolio they had, and that made them very gun-shy about the lending space. So with -- just our mortgage product alone has the enormous capacity with the E*TRADE clients. That's even before you get to start to think about the stock plan clients ultimately. We just think about converting their equity grants into accounts, that's project number 1, but project number two is obviously managing their full liability side as well. So a lot of space to go.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Andrew Lim with SocGen. Your line is now open.
Andrew Lim: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So crypto has been in the news lately and I just wanted to get your view on how you expect that space to develop and your strategy, and how to offer products to clients. How do you expect to engage with clients in the crypto space?
James Gorman: We're not directly trading crypto for retail clients and there are other players who are choosing to do that. We give access to them to buy crypto through various funds and things. But listen. I've said it publicly before, I'll say it again. I don't think crypto's a fad. That doesn't mean it's going to go away. I don't know what the value of -- I don't know what the value of Bitcoin should or shouldn't be, but these things aren't going away and the blockchain technology supporting it is obviously very real and powerful, so it remains Andrew a working space. But for us, honestly, it's just not a huge part of the business demand from our clients. And that may evolve and we'll evolve with it. But right now, it's certainly not what's driving or economics one way or the other. But we're watchful of it, we're respectful and we'll wait and see other regulators handle it.
Andrew Lim: That was great. Thanks a lot for that.
James Gorman: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-15 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. On behalf of Morgan Stanley, I will begin the call with the following disclaimer. During today's presentation, we will refer to our earnings release and financial supplements, copies of which are available at morganstanley.com.  Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to our notices regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures that appear in the earnings release.  This presentation may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent. I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James Gorman: Hi, good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. As the firm delivered another strong quarter and a record first-half, with year-to-date revenues in excess of $30 billion. We had strong inflows across Wealth and Investment Management, and in the first 6 months of the year, we added over $250 billion of net new assets, across both of those businesses.  We now have over 13 million unique relationships in Wealth Management, and in Investment Management, our assets makes us increasingly diverse and well-positioned, in key secular growth areas, such as customization, private alternatives, and sustainability. Finally, Institutional Securities also had a tremendous performance.  Equity remains a preeminent leader in the industry, fixed income has maintained share gains, and our leading investment banking franchise performed strongly. Our business is further enhanced by our acquisitions of E*TRADE and Eaton Vance and the progress on our integration.  Since the respective announcement of each acquisition, both businesses have performed better than we expected. Not only did the standard merger metrics such as synergies and funding benefits read positive, but much more importantly, we're seeing long-term business growth driven by exceptional client engagement.  This quarter, our ROTCE was 19% and year-to-date, we're over 20%. Obviously, we are exceeding our longer-term targets of 17% plus. We intend to formally revisit our goals next January. While we will not revisit targets mid-year, I want to assure you we are as focused on delivering top performance as ever.  Though we're always subject to the broader macroenvironment, we will strive for continued outperformance. Now let me talk about the decision we announced 2 weeks ago on further capital distribution. During the financial crisis, we reduced our buyback to 0, and cut our dividend quarterly to $0.05 per share.  Over the past decade, it has been a slow, steady path of improvement as we grew our dividend from $0.05 ultimately to $0.35, and increased our buyback from 0 to $5 billion. I have said for a number of years that Wealth and Investment Management contribute durable earnings that enable us to pay our shareholders substantially, and that is what we are doing.  As a result, we reset our dividend, doubling it to $0.70 per share, and also increased our buyback for up to $12 billion over the next 12 months. We made this decision because of the confidence we have in our business model and our performance over the past 3 Federal Reserve stress tests.  These tests confirmed what we have said for many years. Morgan Stanley has built a significant amount of excess capital, and we have the ability to invest in our business, do acquisitions, maintained a very healthy dividend yield, and increased our buyback.  Given our current earnings momentum, it takes some time to fully distribute that capital, but we feel strongly that this year is the time to make a big start. Now, Sharon Yeshaya is here with me today in her new role as Chief Financial Officer. Jon Pruzan, who was CFO up until midway through the second quarter, is also here with us.  And as you know, Jon took on additional responsibilities, as our Chief Operating Officer since June 1st. Let me turn it over to Sharon, who'll discuss the quarter in detail, and we look forward to all of your questions. Thank you.
Sharon Yeshaya: Thank you, and good morning. The firm produced revenues of $14.8 billion in the second quarter, representing one of the top 3 quarters on record. Performance continued to be very strong, reflecting high levels of client activity across our businesses. Excluding integration-related expenses, our EPS was $1.89.  Our ROTCE was 19%. Year-to-date revenues of $30.5 billion were a new record, highlighting the power of our firm which has been further enhanced by our recent acquisitions. Investing for growth remains a priority, while also managing our expense base. On a year-to-date basis, total expenses were $20.6 billion, of which, non-compensation expenses were $7.4 billion and compensation expenses were $13.2 billion.  The increase in expenses versus the prior year reflects the addition of E-Trade and Eaton Vance, and the integration-related costs. Year-to-date, our firm efficiency ratio declined to 67%, excluding integration-related expenses, underscoring the operating leverage of our business.  Now, to the businesses. Institutional Securities revenue of over $7 billion demonstrates the power of the integrated investment bank. Revenues declined by 14% from the exceptionally strong prior year. Higher revenues in investment banking and equities were offset by lower fixed income results.  Underwriting was particularly robust, as issuance remained elevated. And despite lower volatility across asset classes, our sales and trading clients remained engaged. We ended the period on a strong footing, as clients were active through June. Investment banking revenues were $2.4 billion. The 16% increase from the prior year was driven by advisory and continued strength in equity underwriting.  From a geographical perspective, results in Europe and Asia were the strongest in over a decade. And while technology and healthcare remain areas of core strength, activity in financial institutions, financial sponsors, real estate, and other sectors supported higher revenues.  Advisory revenues were $664 million, reflecting increased completed M&A activity versus the prior year. Year-to-date announced industry volumes reached record levels, and clients continued to look for strategic opportunities as markets remained open and constructive. Equity underwriting revenues of $1.1 billion were the second highest on record, and the third consecutive quarter over $1 billion.  The increase from the prior year was driven by traditional IPOs, where activity remains robust globally. Fixed income underwriting revenues of $640 million were also the second highest after a record second quarter of last year. Investment banking pipelines remain healthy across products and regions. CEO confidence remains high as companies look for strategic opportunities for growth.  Equity revenues increased 8% from the prior year to $2.8 billion. We are number 1 in this business globally. Revenues were the second highest in over a decade. Results in Asia were particularly strong, reflecting increased interest in the region from both Asia and non Asia-based clients.  Cash and derivative results were robust, but declined versus the prior year, against the backdrop of lower volatility. Prime brokerage revenues were strong, and increased versus last year, as average balances reached new highs. Fixed income revenues were $1.7 billion. Revenues declined from the exceptional prior year as wider bid offer spreads normalized across products.  This quarter's results were broad-based across regions. Micro results were robust, compared to historical averages, but declined from the prior year, as credit markets were relatively range bound, and bid offer spreads compressed. Macro also declined versus last year, with lower revenue in both rates and foreign exchange, on the back of lower volatility.  Other revenues of $207 million declined versus the prior year. The decrease primarily reflects lower mark-to-market gains on corporate loans, net of related hedges. Prior year results benefited from significant credit spread tightening.  Turning to ISG lending, our allowance for loan -- for credit losses in ISG loans and lending commitments was essentially flat in the second quarter at $1 billion. ISG provisions were $70 million and net charge-offs were $92 million, primarily related to one facility. Total ISG loans were flat.  The decline in corporate loans was almost entirely offset by growth in all other lending categories. Lending commitments increased by approximately $6 billion relative to the prior quarter. Turning to Wealth Management. The prior quarter will be a more relevant benchmark as a comparison period rather than the prior year, given the acquisition of E*TRADE. Revenues were a record $6.1 billion.  Excluding integration-related cost of $60 million, TBT was also a record of $1.7 billion, with a margin of 27.8%. Growth drivers of this business remain robust. Net new assets were $71 billion in the quarter, bringing year-to-date NNA to 176 billion which represents a 9% annualized growth rate of beginning period assets for the first half.  Net new client, asset consolidation from existing clients, and stock plan retention all contributed to the strong results. Further, we continue to see strength in net recruiting and retention, also contributing to NNA. While NNA will be lumpy and should be looked at on a full-year basis, the first half of this year illustrates the tremendous growth potential inherent in this business.  Transactional revenues were $1.2 billion. Excluding the impact of DCP, revenues declined 16% from the exceptional prior quarter. Client activity moderated from the first quarter's torrid pace, but engagement remained high. Self-directed daily average trades were 1 million in the second quarter, approximately 10% above average levels for full-year 2020. Our client base continues to expand, and our households reached 7.4 million in the self-directed channel.  Asset Management revenues increased 8% sequentially to $3.4 billion. Year-to-date, these revenues increased 28%. Fee-based flows were $34 billion bringing year-to-date fee-based flows to $71 billion, almost matching the amount for the full-year of 2020. Fee-based assets are now 1.7 trillion, or more than double the level of only five years ago.  Bank lending balances grew by a record 10 billion, and balances reached 115 billion in the second quarter. Year-to-date balances have grown by 17%, exceeding our full-year expectation of 10%. This was driven by strong demand for securities-based lending. Net interest income was $1.3 billion.  Excluding prepayment amortization, which declined approximately $150 million sequentially, NII was up slightly. The benefit of incremental loan growth was offset by the downward movement in the middle of the curve. We have realized the fully phased-in synergies that we expected for 2021.  For NII going forward, $1.3 billion is a reasonable exit rate to inform the back half of the year. We expect NII to build from this level as we anticipate loans to grow more in line with 2020 levels. The integration of E*TRADE is going well, and we continue to prioritize the client experience.  While early, we are encouraged by continued client engagement and excited about the potential of our pilot programs around referrals. The workplace channel continues to show momentum as we win equity plans, and our number of participants now stands at 5.2 million. Financial wellness plans are also gaining traction.  We had 4 times as many wins year-over-year. Moving to Investment Management. Because the timing of the close of the Eaton Vance acquisition makes comparisons to prior periods difficult, I will review the quarter mainly on an absolute basis. Revenues were $1.7 billion. Total AUM reached $1.5 trillion and total net flows were over $48 billion.  Since we announced acquisition at the beginning of October, pro forma net flows were approximately $150 billion. The increase diversification of this business was a significant driver of results. Total AUM increased 7% from the prior quarter, and stands at a record high of which long-term AUM reached $1.1 trillion.  The benefit of our broadened product offering and positioning in secular growth areas supported our net flows this quarter. Inflows across products resulted in over $13 billion of long-term net flows. We saw a particular strength in Alternatives and Solutions, driven primarily by demand for Parametric customized portfolios, as well as a $1 billion strategic multi-asset partnership mandate.  We continue to see strong client momentum in our private credit and core real estate platforms. Loan strategies and fixed income were particularly robust. Asset Management and related fees were $1.4 billion, more than doubling from the prior year driven by strong AUM growth and the addition of Eaton Vance. Performance-Based Income and Other revenues were $284 million in the quarter, reflecting broad-based strength across the private alternatives portfolio.  With the integration on pace, our very strong position in customization, sustainability, alternatives, value-added fixed income, and high-conviction equity investing, positioning us all as a critical partner to global clients. Turning to the balance sheet.  [Indiscernible] assets were essentially flat. Standardized RWAs increased to $461 billion. Our standardized CET1 ratio was flat to the prior quarter at 16.7% compared to our CET1 requirement, including the SCB of 13.2%. During the second quarter, we repurchased approximately $2.9 billion of common stock or 34 million shares.  Our tax rate for the quarter was 23%. The second quarter results were strong and balanced. Looking ahead, while we're cognizant of the typical summer slowdown, we're starting the third quarter from a position of strength. Investment Banking pipelines are healthy, dialogues are active, and markets are open.  Wealth management continues to retain and attract new clients, new advisors, and new assets. Investment management should continue to benefit from the increased diversification of the platform. With that, we will now open the line to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] In the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourself to 1 question and 1 follow-up. Our first question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Glenn Schorr: Hi. Thanks very much. You peaked my interest. You made the comments drawn on investing for growth remains a priority. We've seen so much that you've done across Asset Wealth management. My question is on ISG. You're as good as it gets I think in equities and M&A. Where do you see opportunities to invest and/or capture share across ISG right now?
James Gorman: Hey, Glenn. I think firstly, I wouldn't -- I certainly wouldn't, and I'll come back to it in a minute, discount growth opportunities across IM and Wealth, even though we've just done these huge acquisitions. I'll come back to that. In the institutional business, listen, there's more consolidation going on in prime brokerage. We're the market leader in that.  We will pick up share over time. Clearly in M&A, there's opportunity for us to grow. I think that a lot of the middle-market M&A spaces are very fertile. There are different parts in the world we still think we could punch higher above our weight.  I actually think both of those, the Equities business as good as it is, and M&A as good as it is, I actually think there's a real upside in both of those. In the Fixed Income space, our aspiration years ago was to do $1.25 billion. We raised it to $1.5 billion. And here we are in a sort of so-so quarter with $1.7 billion.  As rates normalize and as the fixed income fee pool will inevitably grow, I see a lot of space there in the SVG credit side we've got a world-class business there, again, continuing to grow share. And our commodities business is doing very well.  So, the ISG franchise has gone from sort of running at $5 billion a quarter to this quarter it was $7 billion. It was frankly better than we'd expected coming into it, which is terrific, but it's very interesting, that the share gains across -- and it's not just us. Some of the other big players in the U.S. are real and I think enduring.  And as the global economies recover and the people increases, you'll just see more of that. I feel very confident about the ISG business.
Glenn Schorr: I appreciate that. And I hear you loud and clear on Asset and Wealth Management. I do have a quick follow-up. Within Wealth Management, obviously Shareworks is this enormous opportunity. Wonder if you could just give us a little mark-to-market in terms of what's going on in terms of conversions in the core business, and then what is going on in terms of leading towards [Indiscernible] business within the Morgan Stanley platform?
Sharon Yeshaya: I didn't hear the last part of your question, but I think you said referrals throughout and how the integration on workplace is going, Glenn?
Glenn Schorr: Yes.
Sharon Yeshaya: So the -- I'd say that you're sort of starting with infrastructure, it's going very well, as James said. But the core is start with infrastructure, make sure that everyone has companion accounts as you go through. We've said we're at 50% right now, where clients have companion accounts.  By the back half of next year, we should be around 90%. And we've started pilot programs where you do have that companion account, and we do see it working. We see the retention of assets, we see clients moving over to actually get advice when they look and want advice. So we're working with the clients and we're trying out new technologies, and we'll go from there.  So it's really about conversion of clients and then the retention of assets. But it all seems to be working very well.
James Gorman: I'd just say something. So I'll tease it a little bit here because it wasn't your question, but you've given me an opportunity to comment based on Shareworks. I think every now and then in business, you look and you sort of see a wave coming, and you catch the wave, and it's a beautiful thing.  The whole workplace space, to me, is the next major growth area in financial services. I think over the next 10 years, we'll look back at that Solium transaction, which at the time, some people thought was expensive and it was. I think we spent 800 or 900 on it, might have been Canadian dollars, so somewhere around there, and it was trading at about 500 value.  That gave us the opportunity to do the E*TRADE transaction with confidence because we knew we could merge the workplace businesses and create Shareworks. And I really believe that this is very fertile ground and convert those millions of clients hopefully into being Morgan Stanley and E*TRADE clients as we have the accounts to fold into our own house accounts.  That's one wave. Parametric, the customization space, I think is the second wave. Calvert Funds and everything we've done through our own sustainability and [Indiscernible] efforts, combined with now Calvert 's products.  And then the digitalization and how we're going to take the E*TRADE platform both domestically and internationally, I think there's incredible opportunity. It's pretty rare to sit here, and having done this for a little while, there are a lot of things that you can do to just improve your business, but these are things where I think we have fundamental market forces pushing these waves and we're right on top of them. So it's very exciting.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brennan Hawken with UBS. Your line is now open.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. And I'd like to just start by saying congrats to Sharon. Welcome to the calls in a different role, the quarterly. Dan 's here. Congrats.
Sharon Yeshaya: Thank you.
Brennan Hawken: Sure. I'd like to maybe start with the integrations and sort of taking a step back. You've got two pretty substantial deals under your belt. They've now closed and so you're working on integrating those businesses. What are the milestones that we should think about as you proceed with that work? What kind of timeframe should we think about around updates?  Is -- are we going to just get back to the annual strategic update where it's the fourth quarter call or are they going to be more regular updates where we're going to be able to hear about the work that you're doing. James, you made reference to the workplace, which is obviously a key part of E*TRADE.  But how should we think about those from here? I know it's kind of a broad question, but just wanted to try and level this out.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. I think that it's a fair question. And in terms of where that comes out, it will likely be the next step, will be the annual deck. But then from that point on, I think, there'll be a more regular cadence. Obviously, most investors here know, Jensen for example, who can begin to take us through some of that workplace.  But there is also, I think, the goal will eventually be to better understand where there are participant migration. So how do you think about the question that Glenn asked, which is referrals. How do you see that referral channel going through, in terms of dollars, et cetera.  How are you thinking about proceeds and the proceeds following through from those Companion accounts. But the integration is a three-year process, which we put out there at the very beginning. So I think right now what we're looking to do is make sure that the pilot programs are going well and understand the client reaction as you think about some of the technology and what is working and what isn't working.  So to give you things piecemeal or to give it a little bit too early, I think would also be a mistake because we'd like to ensure that it is the right client experience and that's what we're focused on right now.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. Thanks for that. And then, when we think about net new assets, the growth there has been really, pretty impressive. We have seen some acceleration across the industry though, and I think most investors think it's going to slow. This past year has been a little unusual. But when we look at what's been happening at Morgan Stanley, things already were accelerating before we entered into this period.  And so, one of the debates that has been coming up more regularly has been, what is the right growth rate for the wealth business on a go-forward basis? I'll maybe throw out a range. And from my perspective, it feels like somewhere in the mid-upper single-digits, 5% to 7% feels fair on a long run basis. But number 1, I'd love to hear your reaction to that. And then number 2, how do you think about that growth rate?  Do you guys have something in mind? Is there something that you're targeting? Any color on that would be really helpful.
James Gorman: I’ll let Sharon start and I’ve got a few thoughts about this.
Sharon Yeshaya: Yeah. I think where we started, Brennan, if we look back to the beginning of the year, we gave you guys a very long historical average chart, and then we showed you the 7% of the pro forma when you included E*TRADE. Now what we have said is we don't think we'd go back to a 3% to4% on a sustainable basis. That 5% to 6% is where James spoke to this audience at the beginning of the year when we talked about the deck.  Obviously as you look forward though, we're doing a lot, both on net asset consolidation, net recruiting, and all of these new channels. And so, I don't think we -- the same way that James level set with the targets at the beginning of his introductory remarks, I'd say we don't -- that's probably the same way you can think about this, where 5% to 6% maybe that's the right place to start, but we're obviously not going to try to underachieve that number.
James Gorman: Yeah. Brennan, it's really the -- it's the question. Because if we can generate growth in the high teens, I mean, I think we're at -- what are we, 9% year-to-date organic. I mean, this is just -- we've never seen this. And I've been doing this for a very long time. The 3 industry segments, basically the wirehouses, the independent/RIAs, and the direct channel, for years, the direct has grown.  The RIAs have grown in a large part because they've taken - advisers have moved out of the traditional channel, into the RIA channels. So part of the growth has just been a shift, if you will, part of it’s been organic. And the wirehouses have sort of struggled. And it struggled for a couple of reasons : 1 is poor training, 2 is very high attrition, 3 is lack of [gluing] (ph) the clients in through the mortgage and the banking products that the banks have, etc.  And I think what you are seeing now, we think we're kind of creating a, not to be arrogant about it, but a new mouse trap. We're creating an advisor channel, which actually has deep organic growth flavors in it. And if you look at our attrition numbers and the weekly hiring numbers, I mean they are fantastic.  And with that, we're getting tremendous asset growth. And then you combine that with having the direct platform, and then combine that with having the workplace platform. You've got 3 legitimate channels pouring assets into the house. And it wasn't so long ago that if we did 10 billion a quarter, we thought we're pretty good.  And we just had a $70 billion quarter during tax season, and it's good. It's very good. But we don't think it was a fluke. I don't know where the ultimate number is going to settle. I think our assets in wealth are now around a little over 4.5 trillion. That was 500 billion 12, 14 years ago. We're at 4.5 trillion. We've gone up 9 times.  Compounding on a big number is a pretty potent force as you know. I don't know if it's going to -- it won't be below 5%. I mean, in any individual quarter you have stuff going on, but it won't be below 5%. Whether it's 6, 7, 8, where we land on that, we'll see over a few years but it feels good.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Steven Chubak: Hi, good morning. And welcome, Sharon. Nice to have you on the call. Wanted to start off with just a two-parter on Wealth Management NII. You noted that the E*TRADE funding synergies have been captured for 2021. The deposit costs in Wealth Management still feels a bit elevated at 16 bps, especially when benchmarking versus peers.  Just wondering if there's potential to drive those funding costs lower if rates remain at 0? And then just as a second part, maybe just speak to the environmental factors supporting such strong SBL growth and the sustainability of that trend.
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. I would just mention that we did see the planned runoff right of wholesale deposits. And we continue to expect another 13 billion of wholesale deposits to runoff by year-end, as we see some of that higher cost funding roll down. So just to note there, I don't have an exact target on BDP cost, if that will give you a sense. In addition to that, I would just highlight the SBL question that you asked.  That product is resonating with our clients. So that's the point there. And as James has always said, it's a product in which you lend wealthy clients their money back. And this is something that is resonating, it's structured very well. We've historically seen minimal losses and it has a 37% LTV right now in that portfolio.  So from that perspective, I think it's a good product to offer and it's also something that works especially in a season like this where you generally see a lot of that product in tax season. And so there is an elevated number in the second quarter, generally speaking.
Steven Chubak: Just for my follow-up on capital management, the dividend increase that we saw was much higher than anticipated. Looks like you're now running with the highest dividend yield amongst all of the G-SIBs. I know, James, you had alluded to the improved stress test outcomes, the higher contribution from recurring revenues.  But just remind us of the philosophy around setting the dividend and buyback, and where you're comfortable running on your capital ratios on it through the cycle basis.
James Gorman: I mean, there's a lot in that Steve, so it might take a little while. Get yourself a cup of coffee, put your feet up on the stool. Let's just start with -- I think we're a company that is going to produce durable revenues forever, unless we go and screw it up, basically. If you look at the daily numbers coming out of the fee-based businesses, and the Wealth business, and the fee-based businesses, and Asset Management, they're for real and they're everyday. And they're not 10 million, they're 100 million. You’ve locked in a $25 billion business right from day 1 in the beginning of the year. And our view on that is, unless we spend our way into trouble on it, it will generate very consistent earnings.  And just philosophically, it doesn't mean I'm right, but my view was certainly the wealth business and the fee-based part of the Asset Management business, which is so predictable, we think of it as like a yield stock, and the Investment Banking and Trading Businesses and Capital Markets businesses and some of the carrier businesses in Asset Management we think is like the -- not the other businesses in a growth stock, but that provides the capital to fund the engine, to do buybacks, et cetera, et cetera.  We've been carrying a buffer CET1 of over 17%. We have to be, I think, the latest CCAR was around 13.2-ish. I don't know what the exact buffer we should carry internally, as we've said, 50 basis points. It wouldn't be less than that. But just pretend that 80 basis points, you're at 14. You've got 300+ basis points to play with.  We're generating net income in the first half of this year was 7 billion. Assume we are less than that in the second half, just because who knows. But we're certainly not going to be under 10 billion for the year, and probably not under 12 billion. You're talking about a buyback of 5 --- of 12 billion, a dividend of 5, that gets you to 17. You're generating at least 12.  You're in the hole for 5, but you've got 300 basis points of excess. It's going to take a bunch of years to eat into that. And we felt as shareholders deserve to get the earnings stream up the predictability of the businesses. So we've got -- we're not a traditional investment bank as traditional investment banks used to be and the vast majority of them, if not all of them, went out of business or merged.  We are a combined investment bank with a massive wealth and asset management business. So we think shareholders should get the benefit of that very different profile. 14 points, whatever it was, 8 billion in revenue this quarter, a little over 7 of it was institutional, little over 7 of it was wealth and asset management.  So it's exactly what we hoped, this sort of balance. That's the philosophy now. It would take us a bunch of years, unless CCAR changes dramatically for us to get close to our buffer. And we're buying the stock back and the stock's over $90. We are very happy buying at this level but at some point, obviously, that gets expensive.  We do think we can do more deals over time, and we'll actively look at that, and we want to keep investing in the business, but the reality is, and this is the ultimate conundrum, we can do all four : buyback, dividend, invest, and acquisitions, and still run an excess buffer. And the only way out of that problem is not to have good earnings and that's not my solution currently. Let's play this out over a few years.  I'm really happy we got the dividend, as we quoted a reset. And we had the authorization from the Board for up to 12 billion, and we'll go hard at that, particularly if the stock were to-- if we saw a big move in the market. But that's how I'm thinking about it, and how the Board's thinking about it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Bernard Von Gizycki: Hi, good morning. This is actually Bernie Von Gizycki on for Matt. My questions are on Investment Management and the inclusion of Eaton Vance. In the last quarter's 10-Q, you noted that certain Eaton Vance products have lower average fee rates than the standalone Morgan Stanley Investment Management platform. I know you made some revisions to the AUM disclosures, and Eaton Vance only had one month of performance in the data in 1Q. Could you just talk about the expectations on fee rate in the combined Asset Management platform as you diversify the product mix?
Sharon Yeshaya: I think that that's right. Obviously, that's in some of the overlay products, for example, will have lower fee rates. It will obviously be a mixed product. Also, if you think about it just across the platform, you might see other gives and takes. But I think that what we're focused on is not necessarily the fee rate of one individual product, it's creating an ability to service the client more broadly.  So while the overall fee rate might come down as was disclosed, there are secular growth trends that should continue to bring assets to the platform, which would offset parts of that on a total basis, right. A rate times volume kind of concept. In particular, you have the Parametric product which we discussed, which is obviously -- has its own secular growth trends, the Calvert product.  And then there are cyclical trends that could eventually turn into secular trends, i.e ESG, i.e, what's going on with changes to tax legislation and how people think about customized portfolios. All of those things are reasons that we might see changes in growth in AUM. And in addition to that, I think that the fixed income products offered the clients an ability to bring their entire portfolio to Morgan Stanley.  And so, from that perspective, again, rate times volume over time, and so there will be a difference in those fees more broadly on the portfolio. But our assets should continue to come in.
Bernard Von Gizycki: Okay, thank you. That's helpful. And then just with my follow-up. Again, I know it's just the first full quarter of Eaton Vance just combined on the platform. But just any color you can share about the integration efforts around putting Eaton Vance 's products on your international distribution channel, and then vice versa, putting some of your core products on Eaton Vance 's domestic retail platform? Just trying to get a sense of anything with the net flows showed up.
Sharon Yeshaya: We have -- I'd say we've aligned the sales forces. But as you noted, it has not been that long. We're working through it. I think we see and we expect to invest in the various businesses to deliver the customization for a better client experience, but also open the new workplaces. So not just international, but also as it relates to workplace, etc. So we're still working through that and we should have an update over the course of the rest of the year.
James Gorman: But the short answer on the flows is zero of the flows, to my knowledge, are a result of exactly what you just said, putting the Eaton Vance product in international and putting our products through the wholesalers in Eaton Vance. They're terrific teams. There'll be a lot of upside on that going forward, but zero of it has appeared yet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Christian Bolu with Autonomous. Your line is now open.
Christian Bolu: Good morning, James and Sharon. And just to echo the sentiments, a big congrats to you, Sharon. James, let me ask you a couple of follow-ups on things you've said on prior questions. I think you just said, maybe a couple of questions before, that you mentioned you can do more M&A deals. Just trying to get a sense of what you're thinking there. Is that the doubling down on wealth management, or is it consolidating traditional asset management space as you look to grow [Indiscernible] client assets?
James Gorman: Christian, good morning. We've done I think five deals, acquisition since the crisis, and we've had a lot of dispositions, disposals, I guess. TransMontaigne, Hidemar, we spun-off MSCI, obviously. Before this, we spun off Discover, PDT, [Indiscernible] business, FrontPoint, ESOP.  So folks have focused on the acquisition side, but we've also done a huge number of deals in getting rid of businesses that are better owned by somebody else or just [not a] (ph) fit. Now, Asesores in Spain as I remember, Quilter in the UK, European private banking business we sold, etc.  So on the deal side, we've done -- Smith Barney obviously was the big one and Mesa West was the first sort of toe in the water in investment management, then the Solium deal in the workplace space, followed by E*TRADE and Eaton Vance. So all I'm saying is, we don't have big transactions in line of sight at this point in time, but we're a big enough company, we're generating, I don't know, we're running -- run rate, I guess, is 60 billion of revenues this year, 170 plus billion market cap.  Finding the right things to fit in, particularly internationally, and particularly on the digital and technology side is very interesting to us. Now, pricing is always, you've got to be disciplined, but it's something that we're very watchful of, and we're not shy about it. But major transactions are highly unlikely to happen. These are more bolt-ons as they feel right.
Christian Bolu: Great, thanks. And just a follow-up, you keep mentioning international. I think you said E*TRADE, you want to expand that internationally? Which I don't think I've heard before. And if I remember correctly, in the past, you were always cautious about Wealth Management, international expansion, and maybe you just said you divested Quilter, and E*TRADE [Indiscernible] international businesses post financial crisis.  So, can you just talk more about how you think about international, how you would expand E*TRADE. What's the sort of like vision here?
James Gorman: Sure. I'll try and be brief. The International Wealth business is complicated because while the U.S. market is 300 million people and Europe is about 300 million people, Europe is multiple jurisdictions within that, even though its Eurozone. Asia people look at it, so it's some monolith. It's not -- Vietnam is not Indonesia, Malaysia is not Thailand, the Philippines is not Australia, Korea is not China, etc. You've got to -- it's very hard to get scale in these markets, so issue number 1.  Issue number 2, they tend to be very heavy equities trading markets. They're not diversified traditional financial planning market. Look at Japan, the velocity of asset in Japan, compared to the U.S. That's night and day. And thirdly, obviously, know your client, money laundering, all of the things that one has to be careful about cross-border type money flows. The bar is very high, and we're a conservative institution.  We just are. So my view has been, for a long time that you trade very carefully. You go where you've got scale. We've done that in LatAm because we basically run it out of Miami and New York. So we run it as a region, as succinct from single countries. And you go and we've done it in Hong Kong where we deal with a lot of wealthy Asian clients out of Hong Kong and Singapore, little bit in Australia, but basically, you go where you have scale.  So the more attractive path forward is likely to be through digital electronic under the brand and with good products rather than trying to build up thousands of people in, I don't know, Malaysia and Indonesia. Hence, E*TRADE becomes a very interesting platform for that. Early days that the new strategy team is taking a look at what we can do internationally, but that's something I'd be very excited about.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Mike Mayo: Hi. This is the first call since you announced the partnership with Microsoft to accelerate your cloud development. Can you talk about what you hope to achieve with that with any concrete metrics possible, and ultimately, how much do you expect to have of your processing on the public cloud or a private cloud and otherwise on-premise?
James Gorman: Yeah. I don't think I have off the top of my head all of those details, Mike. We do have a major deal with Microsoft, but we're also working with other Cloud providers. I won't name them on the call, but we have a long-term contract we've just done with Microsoft. It's all part of the reimagination of our technology organization.  And it's come through some programs that we put in place internally around Agile and something we called Pace that are basically designed to move this organization into this century, which I think they've done a fantastic job of. We created a group of what we call the Distinguished Engineers.  And interestingly, and people don't think of it this way, but I think we've done the biggest move in technology of any of the large banks, maybe in the world, by spending $13 billion on a technology company called E*TRADE, which is basically technology and brand. The Microsoft deal is a very important one, but it's not the whole enchilada for what we're doing with our tech platform.  It's just a necessary step to move a large part of our business into the cloud. And we've got, I think 3 different providers. We just happened to have the largest contract went to Microsoft on this occasion.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And then a separate question on culture. I think it was like 6 or 7 years ago, you made some pretty harsh comments on compensation, and people had to take stock and they were all upset, and I guess that was the right move for you and for them. And recently, you made some other tough comments as relates to employees needing to be back in the office. And there's a big debate out there; should you have a hybrid solution? Should people be back in the office? If you work outside the office, you'd be paid less. So perhaps just my question saying, well you were right, whenever that was, 6 or 7 years ago about being -- taking the hard stance short-term for the long-term. Can you elaborate on those comments you made recently?
James Gorman: Well, that's certainly not connected, and I think it was 9 years ago, I think it was 2012. We were barely profitable. We cut the dividend to $0.05. We had zero buyback and we had an ROE of about 2%. And somebody asked me in a TV interview, how would I feel about people complaining about their bonuses. And I said what I said at the time. If you don't reward your shareholders at some point, as you've reminded us over the years, Mike, when our ROE was well below 10%, they picked up their bat and ball and go home. Given we were paying employees a lot in stock, it was in their self-interest to hang tough, get a lot of stock very cheap, and they'd be rewarded.  And I'm very, very happy for our employees that that's in fact what's transpired, and the stock has gone from obviously, a very low number to where we are today. The comment I made about the workplace, I fundamentally believe that the way you and I, and others sitting in this room, Sharon and Jon, have developed their careers is by being mentored by, and watching and experiencing the professional skills of those who come before us. It's certainly dramatically affected my career. And I don't think you can do that sitting at home by yourself. I think there's a limit to how far as good as the Zoom technology is, how far they can take you. So what I said was, that I wanted people to start coming back in the office and certainly by Labor Day. But I also said, which wasn't picked up in the media, that we would be flexible where flexibility was called for. What we've learned through COVID is that under certain circumstances, having people work from home makes great sense. There are individuals who have health issues, there are individuals who looking after family members. In past years, we would have said, well, that sort of too bad. Now if you have to move to be with your family for a couple of months to look after a health issue or a family issue, we can manage that. Some people have extraordinary commutes. We can manage some flexibility around that. So -- but the basic premise and right at the beginning of COVID in February of -- what was it, 2020, I think I said when I was asked "How would this end up?" I think I said that I felt 80% of all employee hours worked, would be done in one of our offices. And that's probably where it's going to end up. Not 100%, but not 0%.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning. I just had a question around the -- I know you mentioned earlier in terms of a [Indiscernible] around your return 17% plus return outlook early next year. I was wondering if you can talk about, as you think about the next 5 years and just the competitive forces, talk to us in how you're thinking about main -- budgeting some investment spend as it relates to R&D or more experimental-type investments that could allow you to better compete and gain market share?
James Gorman: You know, I -- that would take a lot longer than we probably have on this call. Why don't we hold that until we get to the strategy discussion next year because I'd much rather tie budgeting and investment discussions to actual initiatives that were undertaken, rather than just do it in the abstract here, if you don't mind.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Gerard Cassid: Good morning, Sharon and James. Can you guys share with us, you talked about wallet share gains in the ISG Group. And I was wondering if you could elaborate on how you think you're achieving it. Some of your peers have said the same thing. Is it because of your people or the amount you've invested in technology, your size, or is it some of your competitors are just weaker and have other issues to deal with, which gives you this opening to take wallet share gains?
Sharon Yeshaya: Hi Gerard. It's nice to hear from you. I'd say it's all of the above. But more importantly, I also think that there is something that we've said which is in periods of crisis, which I think you saw over the course of 2020, oftentimes, those that you are closest to from a relationship perspective end up being your closest relationship.  And you are gaining share in that regard. Very similar to what we've talked a lot about on this call about asset consolidation in a wealth management relationship. I think the same goes for the asset -- the relationship consolidation if you think about Institutional Securities. So be that on the equity underwriting, for example, be that in coming to the equity business.  But not forgetting what we've done in fixed income, which is really gained shares since 2015 to be a really credible player in that marketplace. All of those things, I think technology and leveraging technology with the beginning of[MSAT] (ph)in equities moving over to the right places in fixed income where it makes sense, that investment continues. And I think it's helped us gain share as well from, like you said, probably the Europeans and others that have retreated in certain market places.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Sigee with BNP Paribas. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Sigee: Thank you. Just really a quick follow-up on net interest income in Wealth Management. I just wondered whether in your view we’re sort of asset sustainable base level here and NII should now grow in line with the volumes that are coming through or are there any further moving parts that you expect to affect that?
Sharon Yeshaya: Well, I would say that the fundamental moving part is rates. So if you think about it, obviously, there are certain things where when we look at giving you guidance or presenting a base case, the base case is what's priced into the marketplace. And so we use that as the guide. And that's why I think for this quarter, what we mentioned was the medium part of the curve did move more than I think that most had expected or predicted.  But as you go forward right now, at least for 2020, the build is really going to come from the actual lending which we've talked about, which is a 2020 number as what we've just given you, and we said that that ran around $18 billion for that year. So that's $4billion to $5 billion a quarter, that you can think of for the growth in lending per quarter through the end of the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. I have a couple of questions just on the Investment Management and Eaton Vance. Curious, I know you mentioned that you're just integrating the sales forces for the distribution platforms, but curious about which products do you think have the most potential to be sold through the Morgan Stanley distribution on the global side as you look at the Eaton Vance product lineup today. And then within ESG, you have multiple capabilities now with Calvert and what was Legacy Morgan Stanley. How do you think about integrating that more broadly across the Investment Management segment, given the demand you're seeing- we're seeing across the industry for those types of products?
Sharon Yeshaya: Sure. So I would say, sort of, similar to my last answer, which is all of the above, I think all products. But particularly, we've talked a lot about the customization of Parametric. I don't think that's just wealth management, I think that's a workplace product as well over time, so not just an advisor-led product.  Alternatives, private credit is one where I think we've seen an interest and we continue to see interest in alternatives from the wealth management franchises more broadly, not just our own. And as you think about ESG, we had always talked about Eaton Vance and the old [Anthem] (ph) being a "perfect fit" in terms of the two. And I think a lot of that came from the distribution and the complementary distribution that you had.  So ESG products and Calvert was an Eaton Vance product with a U.S. domestic sales force. We have a strong international sales force. And obviously, a lot of the interest in the ESG and sustainability products are also coming from Europe and abroad, and so that's where we think that that distribution can really help thinking about taking those products elsewhere.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-16 07:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. I will be reading a statement on behalf of Morgan Stanley. Today's presentation will refer to Morgan Stanley's earnings release and financial supplement, copies of which are available at morganstanley.com. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to our notices regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures that appear in the earnings release. This presentation may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent. I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James Gorman: Hi, good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. The first quarter of 2021 was a significant record for the firm and for many of our businesses. It was marked by some truly extraordinary highs; numerous performance records; the closing of the Eaton Vance deal, our second strategic transaction in the last year; and one very complex event relating to the collapse of the hedge fund, Archegos. In summary, we generated record revenues of $15.7 billion and an ROTCE of 21.4%. The higher revenues reveal the operating leverage in our business and the quarter's efficiency ratio was 66%. Wealth Management generated revenues of approximately $6 billion. Net new assets were $105 billion, which is easily our best ever quarterly flows and concrete evidence of the growth trajectory of this business. These flows represented annualized increase of over 10% of beginning period assets. Pre-tax margin was 27.9%. This margin should only improve in future years, and we expect will exceed 30% as rates tick up. Daily trades reached a new record, with heightened levels of retail client engagement. E*TRADE, and particularly the strength of the self-directed channel, has exceeded our expectations. In addition, assets continue to migrate towards advice. Fee-based flows for the quarter were a record $37 billion. We're adding new clients at a record pace, creating more opportunities to consolidate wealth held away and provide advisory services. Our workplace business is adding corporate plans, and as a result, the number of participants we reached increased to 5.1 million. Institutional securities revenues of $8.6 billion were also a record as clients remain highly engaged. Fixed income had the strongest first quarter of the last decade, and has consistently gained share in recent years. Investment banking revenues reached a record, driven by record equity underwriting. And our Equities division also had its best quarter in over a decade. Turning to Investment Management. On March 1, we closed our acquisition of Eaton Vance, bringing together two high-performing assets managers. Our teams at both Eaton Vance and Morgan Stanley executed the close ahead of schedule while prioritizing client service. The momentum Eaton Vance and MSIM demonstrated between announcement and close only strengthened our conviction of this combination. Since we announced the transaction in the beginning of October, pro forma assets grew by nearly $200 billion, and pro forma net flows were approximately $100 billion. In the first quarter, pro forma net flows were $53 billion, representing an annualized organic growth rate of 16%. Our industry-leading organic growth signals that clients are very supportive of the combination, and increasingly recognized the highly differentiated value offering solutions that we offer across the global platform. Investment Management now has assets under management of $1.4 trillion, and is very well positioned in key secular growth segments. Let me discuss the loss we incurred navigating the collapse of Archegos. First, we liquidated some very large single stock positions through a series of block sales, culminating on Sunday night, March 28. That resulted in a net loss of $644 million, which represents the amount the client owed us under the transactions that failed to pay us. Subsequently, we made a management decision to completely derisk the remaining smaller long and short positions, which are not especially problematic, might have been. We decided we would be out of the risk as rapidly as possible, and in so doing incurred an incremental loss of $267 million. I regard that decision as necessary and money well spent. The results are all reflected in Q1. I'm very pleased with how the institution came together and responded to this very complex situation. Let me close with an early readout from our acquisitions of E*TRADE and Eaton Vance. The performance of both businesses is significantly exceeding our expectations. And as importantly, the integration so far is proceeding without major incident. These acquisitions, when combined with our existing wealth and investment management businesses, drove our client assets to $5.7 trillion, of which approximately $150 billion represented net new client assets to the firm this quarter. We are more convinced than ever that both deals help position Morgan Stanley for growth in the years ahead. I'll now turn it over to Jon to discuss the quarter in detail, and together we'll take your questions.
Jonathan Pruzan: Thank you, and good morning. The firm produced record revenues of $15.7 billion in the first quarter. Across businesses and regions, performance was incredibly strong as clients remained highly engaged and markets were constructive. Excluding integration-related expenses, our EPS was $2.22, our ROTCE was 21.4%, and our efficiency ratio was 66%. First, some housekeeping. To improve the transparency and comparability of our external financial reporting, we made several enhancements to our disclosures this quarter. You can find more details and three years' restated data on pages 12 and 13 of the supplement. The more significant items are as follows. For the firm, the provision for credit losses for HFI loans and lending commitments is now presented as a separate line in the income statement versus being in other revenues and expenses. In Institutional Securities, sales and trading net revenue have been reclassified into equity and fixed income, which now includes certain investments and other revenues that are directly attributable to those businesses. And other revenues, notably contained corporate loans and lending commitments and related hedges, as well as the impact of deferred compensation plans. And in Investment Management, following the closing of the Eaton Vance transaction, we have simplified reporting by breaking revenues into two lines. Asset Management has been renamed Asset Management and Related Fees, although the historical numbers remain the same. And we have combined the remaining revenue categories under a new line named, Performance-Based Income and Other, notably carried interest. We have also updated our AUM disclosures, Alternatives and Other has been updated to Alternatives and Solutions, to reflect the addition of most of the Parametric AUM, excluding Parametric's portfolio services for institutional investors that have been included in a new line called Liquidity and Overlay Services. Now to the businesses. The momentum in Institutional Securities witnessed through the back-half of 2020 continued as clients remained high engaged. Several performance records were set as revenues were broad-based and balanced across businesses and regions. Revenues were $8.6 billion, representing a record and a 66% increase compared to the same period last year. The integrated investment bank continues to serve clients across the complex. Regionally, Asia remained a standout, building on the four best quarters of the last decade, in 2020. The first quarter of this year set a new record. Europe's performance was solid across investment banking and fixed income and was the strongest in over a decade. Investment banking generated revenues of $2.6 billion, more than doubling the prior year, driven by record underwriting results. Advisory revenues were $480 million, reflective of higher completed M&A industry volumes versus the prior year. Equity underwriting continues to be exceptionally active. Record revenues of $1.5 billion reflect its strength across products and sectors. IPO activity was extremely strong, with blocks, follow-ons, and convertibles also notable. Fixed income underwriting revenues, of $631 million, were the second highest only to the second quarter of last year, as companies continue to take advantage of the attractive borrowing environment. We saw strong activity across non-investment grade financing spread across sponsors and corporate issuers. Investment Banking pipelines remain healthy across products. Strategic dialogues are active. Equity markets should support issuance, and conditions remain favorable for borrowers. And we are seeing a broadening across sectors beyond technology and healthcare. Equity revenues reached $2.9 billion, the strongest in a decade, as global equity market volumes remained elevated. Derivative results were the best in the decade, reflecting heightened client activity and a constructive trading market environment. Both cash and Prime Brokerage revenues declined versus the same period last year. Revenues associated with higher volumes and higher Prime Brokerage balances respectively were offset by the losses James discussed. Fixed income revenues of $3 billion was the highest for our first quarter in a decade. Performance was broad based across products. The debate around the speed and strength of the global recovery, the passage of U.S. fiscal stimulus, and the movement in passive rate supported client activity. Micro performance continues to be strong. A meaningful increase versus the prior year was driven by securitized products and municipals. Macro results were robust that were reflected a decline from the very strong prior year as bid-ask spread were more stable this period. And commodities also had solid results. Other revenues of $323 million improved meaningful versus the prior year. The increase primarily reflects gains related to deferred cash-based compensation plans compared to losses in the prior year and lower mark-to-mark losses on corporate loans and related hedges. Turning to ISG lending, our credit portfolio continues to perform well. Improved confidence in the economic outlook and pay downs on corporate relationship loans particularly non-invest grade resulted in a release of $93 million. Net charge-offs in the quarter were $10 million. And our allowance for credit losses on ISG and lending commitments now stands at $1 billion. Total ISG loans were up $2.5 billion while lending commitments increased by approximately $5 billion relative to 4Q as we continue to support our clients. Our vulnerable sector portfolio continues to represent less than 10% of the overall ISG loans in lending commitment. We saw some velocity in the book with new commitments for investment grade clients that were largely offset by pay downs. Approximately 90% of this portfolio like our entire ISG portfolio is either investment grade or secured. And lastly, forbearance for the ISG portfolio continues to decline and now stands at approximately $300 million. Turning to wealth management, given the timing of the close of the E*TRADE acquisition, I will make comparisons to the prior quarter which will serve as a more relevant benchmark than prior year. Revenues were $6 billion with strength in every area. Excluding the impact of DCP, which declined by approximately $300 million versus the prior quarter revenue increased 11%. Integration related expenses were $64 million. And excluding these cost, pre-tax profit increased 28% to a record $1.7 billion. And the PBT margin was 27.9%. The underlying growth drivers in this business remained extremely strong. Net new asset growth was $105 billion driven by net new clients, asset consolidation from existing clients, and stock plan retention. Fee-based flows were a record $37 billion and self-directed channel net new households grew by a record $500,000 or 7%. Financial advisors also recognized the value of our platform demonstrated in continued strength in net recruiting and retention which also benefited M&A. Elevated client activity across both advisor-led and self-directed channels drove strong transactional revenues. Excluding the impact of DCP, revenues increased 19%. Client engagement in the market was high putting more cash into equities in the quarter. Self-directed engagement was particularly robust reflecting record net buying activity. Daily average trades on the E*TRADE platform reached record highs of $1.6 million, almost 50% higher than the fourth quarter record of $1.1 million. Importantly, revenue related to the E*TRADE platform transactional activity is highly accretive to the PBT margin. Asset management revenues were $3.2 billion, up 7% sequentially benefiting from higher asset levels and record fee-based flows. Fee-based assets are now $1.6 trillion and have grown over $400 billion from last year, greater than the cumulative growth of the prior six years and revenues were up nearly 20% from the prior year. Loan growth remains extremely robust with balances reaching $105 billion. Demand across products with particular strength in securities based lending led the quarterly balance sheet of $7 billion, north of the 10% full-year guidance we gave earlier this year. Continued use of data analytics to understand customer needs is contributing to the strong growth. Net interest income was $1.4 billion including prepayment amortization which turned positive, and was approximately $100 million. Excluding prepay, NII was up 6%, and in line with our prior guidance. The increase reflected the realization of funding synergies, driven by the onboarding of $20 billion of deposits that were previously swept off E*TRADE's balance sheet, rose in bank lending balances, and increased margin lending in the self-directed channel. We have now completed the onboarding of approximately $25 billion of deposits since we closed the E*TRADE transaction, and we remain on pace to realize approximately $200 million in NII funding benefits in 2021. We would also expect to runoff additional $16 billion of wholesale deposits through the remainder of the year. We expect that NII will continue to build on the full impact of the onboarded deposits and continued growth in lending. We're even more excited about E*TRADE today then when we announced the deal as momentum on E*TRADE platform is robust. Additionally, we are beginning to see early successes from the combination. The business continues to benefit from increased client engagement across channels as evidenced by this quarter's NII. And while we expect these flows will be lumpy and should be looked at over the course of the year, rather than individual quarters, we are encouraged by the strong start. We continue to prioritize client experiences as we progress for their integration. Rest of 2021 will be focused on analyzing the comprehensive datasets, which covered advisor-led and self-directed clients to help better understand investment behaviors and needs and refining the tools required to connect financial advisors to service those needs. Over time, we expect to learn from these insights to effectively serve clients across their entire wealth journey. Workplace will serve as an important growth engine going forward, and we are building on the investments we have made to date. Our workplace offering is resonating with corporate clients. We are adding new B2B clients and participants at a record pace, and our current pipeline is as strong as it's ever been. Equity plan wins increased by approximately 70% versus 1Q last year, and this led to the addition of 75,000 participants to the Morgan Stanley at work platform. The number of participants now stands at $5.1 million. We are also focused on ensuring that each workplace participant has a companion brokerage account to capture vested award proceeds. Today, approximately 50% have one, and we expect 90% of participants will have a companion account within 18 months. This will further enhance our ability to capture workplace flows. On the expense side, we're on track to realize a $100 million of cost synergies in 2021, and have made progress in the first quarter towards this end. On a run rate basis, we expect to achieve 35% to 40% of the targeted $400 million expense synergies by the end of the year. Moving to investment management, on March 1, we closed the acquisition of Eaton Vance. We issued 69 million shares and $5 billion of common equity. We created approximately $9 billion of goodwill and intangibles, including $4 billion of intangibles, of which, half will amortize over approximately 15 years. Our CET1 ratio is impacted by approximately 80 basis points. This quarter's results include one month of the buying businesses, financial, so comparisons to prior periods are difficult. I will focus mainly on the quarter and our positioning moving forward. We're pleased that the businesses retain their strong momentum from announcements closed, and total AUM now stands at $1.4 trillion, an increase of 40% or $400 billion on a pro forma basis versus the prior year. Upon close, Eaton Vance added approximately $590 billion to our total AUM. The underlying fundamentals of this business remain extremely strong. Positive net flow momentum continued across both businesses. Total net flows on a pro forma basis were $53 billion for the full quarter. Long-term pro forma net flows of $22 billion were broad-based across products and region. We saw a particular strength in MSM global equity strategies, which continue to attract robust flows following strong investment performance. Our metric customized portfolios continued very strong organic growth in the alternative and solutions line. We believe customization is a long-term secular trend, and parametrics is the market leader in this space. Eaton Vance is leading a floating rate loan business, recovered to strong positive flows, and Calvert saw strong growth as ESG investing accelerates. In the quarter, revenues were $1.3 billion. Consistent with strong growth in AUM, the contribution from more durable management fee revenue has meaningful increase, and asset management and related fees were $1.1 billion with just one month of Eaton Vance contribution. Performance-based income and other revenues were $211 million in the quarter. We saw broad-based gains across our alternative funds. The increase versus the prior year was primarily driven by gains in our real estate funds, which continued their recovery from 1Q '20. Total expenses were $944 million, of which integration-related expenses were negligible. Turning to the balance sheet, total spot assets increased to $1.2 trillion, reflecting higher client activity levels, and the addition of Eaton Vance. Standardized RWAs were flat to the prior quarter, at $454 billion. And our standardized CET1 ratio declined from the prior quarter, to 16.8. Our tax rate was 22% for the quarter, and we continue to expect our full-year 2021 tax rate will be approximately 23%. We are pleased with our results in the first quarter, as our three world-class businesses of scale delivered exceptional performance and growth. Pipelines are healthy, institutional and retail client engagement is strong, and our global positions have improved. With the successful closing of the Eaton Vance deal, we continue to drive our business model towards more durable, more recurring, and less capital intensive businesses. While it's very early in the integration, the combination of breadth and depth of product offerings and services within our large customer base has led to approximately $150 billion of net new client assets to the franchise. And our unique business model is well-positioned for growth through a variety of market backdrops. With that, we will now open the line to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brennan Hawken with UBS. Your line is now open.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. I'd like to ask maybe first on Wealth Management. The net new asset growth rate implying double-digit organic is really impressive, not something that narrative around wirehouses, tailing to be able to grow really jives with. So, I'm curious, I know we've seen these trends accelerate in Morgan Stanley before over a year now. But how much of this remarkable quarter was attributable to E*TRADE versus full-service Wealth Management at Morgan Stanly? And how should we think about a sustainable organic net new asset growth going forward?
James Gorman: Well, Brennan, let me have a go at that. I mean historically, the growth rate, as you probably know in the full-service, as you call it, wirehouses has been, I don’t know, 0% to 2% over the last 15 years, with loss of financial advisors, some loss of assets into the RAA channel, and clearly loss to some of the direct distributors, and generally just not having in place significant growth plans. And I think this quarter, and I'll talk about the absolute levels in a minute. But this quarter is reflective of a very different view of that Wealth Management business. Number one, we needed to have a compelling direct channel. We have that through E*TRADE. Number two, we needed to have a compelling workplace platform, we have that through Solium and E*TRADE. Number three, we needed to have net positive FA growth in terms of recruiting, not in just numbers of bodies, but actual people who are brining in assets, and we're doing that. And number four, you need a compelling platform of ideas which link to our institutional business and the quality research and product. You're just operating at a different level. And so, I think it's a culmination actually of a lot of things, E*TRADE is clearly a factor in it, but it's by no means the only factor. If you took out E*TRADE, the organic growth was tremendous in the core business, which again we've started to see in the last couple of years. I think we showed some numbers last year of around 4%. Our target, I think, was 4% to 6%. Now this at 10%, well, Q1 is probably going to be your best quarter. Q2 usually has some tax factors -- tax flows going on. But listen, the growth rate is real. If we annualize 10% a year for the next several years that would be spectacular, but that's certainly not what we're planning on, and got to be realistic. But to be outgrowing some of our nontraditional competitors, even for a quarter, is just -- it's a wonderful green shoot to have planted out there.
Brennan Hawken: No doubt. Thanks for that color, James. And then thinking about NII within the Wealth Management business, Jon, you made some comments on NII, but I wasn't sure if those were just purely on the wealth and from wide. When we think about it on the Wealth Management business, thanks for quantifying those prepaid impact, is this -- you've got strong loan growth. We've got securities yields that have been recovering, yesterday's setback aside. So, should we be expecting continued constructive trends in core NII ex-ing out any noise you might have from prepays quarter-to-quarter?
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. I think the short answer is, yes. We've really got some nice tailwinds from the loan growth that we've been experiencing, as well as the deposit funding synergies. I think, as I said in the first quarter, we don't expect any movement in policy rates. The short end is really what benefits the NII, so our growth we would expect from the full realization of the onboarding of deposits, which as you know, was feathered in over the quarter, and so that, we'll have the full impact next quarter. At $7 billion of loan growth, we're running ahead of plan there, so that's obviously a nice tailwind. And then as I said, we'll continue to see our deposit costs tick down as some of the incremental wholesale deposits run off because of the onboarding. So, we feel good about the guidance we gave you. The $1.2 billion in the fourth quarter was a good run rate, and then start to add the tailwinds from the deposits as well as the loan growth. We also saw some nice loan growth in margin lending, which is not in the bank, but is part of the wealth management NII story. So again, just a nice quarter, and we would expect it to continue to grow from these levels.
Brennan Hawken: Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Steven Chubak: Hi, good morning.
James Gorman: Morning.
Steven Chubak: So, wanted to start off with a question on the Archegos development. So, James, you noted that you were pleased with how the firm responded just given the complexity of the situation. What were some of the learnings from that experience? And just maybe more importantly, how does it inform your risk management approach within PB to infer that you can avert a similar situation in the future?
James Gorman: Yes, I think -- I mean, my comment about the way this team has worked together now for a decade. We all went through the financial crisis, most of us in sort of a job or level below where we are now. So, I'd say, the accumulated, both scar tissue and experience is very real. And we have a philosophy; we cauterize bad stuff, and deal with it as soon as we possibly can. This was, as you know, a very unusual event. It was a family office actually, no outside money. It got to enormous size by the growth in their single stock position, very concentrated single stock loan positions that had exposed to growth. And they're offset by the various shorts, in the indices that they were short. So, it was -- and I think what -- the lessons are still unfolding, if you will, or learnings, Steve. But it's not going to change how we feel about the Prime Brokerage business at all. This is a gem of a business that we've probably generated, I don't know, something close to $40 billion in revenue in a decade. It's a core part and backbone of the equities business. So, it doesn't change that at all. But I think we'll certainly be looking hard at family office-type relationships, where they're very concentrated, and you have multiple prime brokers. And frankly, the transparency and lack of disclosure relating to those institutions is just different from the hedge fund institutions. And that's something I'm sure the SEC is going to be looking at, and that's probably good for the whole industry. Better information is always good in rooting out where potential problems can be. So, obviously, there's not a lot I can and should be saying publicly about it. But we're -- as I said, we've never happy taking a loss, but our job is to deal with the facts as reality and get on top of it and get it done, and that's what we did. And we took the extra bit, frankly, just to clean it up by quarter-end, we didn't want this thing to be lingering.
Steven Chubak: No, that's helpful color, James, and certainly appreciate your candor on the topic. Just for my follow-up, another one on NII, Jon. I just wanted to get a sense, looking at the cost of deposit disclosure, nice to see that come in from 24 bps to 18 basis points. And one of the things that we're thinking about just given some of the funding benefits from E*TRADE as well as just some higher-cost wholesale deposits that start to roll off. Where should we expect that number to ultimately bottom? And is that what informs those benefits, at least your expectation that we should be able to grow or build an NII from here going forward?
Jonathan Pruzan: So the weighted average cost of deposits is 18. It will clearly continue to tick down over the course of the quarter, assuming short-term rates don't move. And again, we're not expecting policy rates to move as the wholesale higher cost wholesale deposits roll off. I think, as you recall, when we originally announced the transaction, I think we talked about $150 billion of funding synergies. We've revised that to $250 billion given the growth in deposits. You said that we would realize that in $200 billion of which will be realized this year. So we have incremental deposit and funding synergies that will be captured in 2022. So, all of the sorts of a movement, if you will, in the cost of deposits is sort of factored into our funding synergy calculation. So the way we generally have been thinking about it is that the policy rates aren't going to move. So there's not going to be necessarily a big plus or minus from rates and NII will grow because the quantum will grow based on loan growth. And then we pick up the funding soon.
Steven Chubak: That's great color, John. Thanks for taking my questions.
Jonathan Pruzan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thanks. James, I think you've covered some of the stuff that I wanted to cover on our cases, sort of couple of quick follow-ups. So I still want to get to what was so complex about this one. Is it really just the family office nature and the less disclosure on multiple primes and the leverage of employees where, because obviously what's been great about your PB businesses. I mean, you didn't even lose money in '08, you had the assets, when they historically, when you have the assets and things break, you look for more collateral or you blow out the positions. What was different about this one? What do you think, why wasn't it disclosed? Why didn't this meet the materiality past, and then what do you think regulators want to change going forward? Thanks. Sorry for the follow-ups.
James Gorman: Well, going to try and touch on a couple of them. And to be honest, there was a lot going on in this quarter. And so I don't want to spend too much with talking about a specific line situation, which is now done on history, but let me touch on a couple of things going to the reverse, sort of why we didn't disclose, we were having a record quarter. But the business was having a record quarter, the equities business, where this resided was having a record quarter. So you've going to be at a level where it's material to the overall quarter and I'll leave that up to the lawyers, but we're very comfortable with that. That's frankly, at given how the firm was performing, I think we generated $2 billion revenues more than our previous record quarter out of I don't know 340 quarters that we've had since our origination. So you've got to sort of focus on, on the big picture on that one. What was different about this situation relative to our weight, and yes, you're right, I don't think we've had, we went back through the records and I don't think we've ever had this a long time, but a loss in the PB business and the businesses back to the previous question from Steve, the business is very well risk managed and has been for decades now. And we are the number one prime broker in the world. We were the number one prime broker in this particular instance. There were enormous positions because of the rapid growth of the fund. They were levered across multiple prime brokers and as I said, the disclosure rules, as I understand them, and I'm not the expert on it made it more difficult to understand exactly who was holding, what, where, and that's something that we'll work through and that's part of the learning experience. It was complicated. I will say last comment on this, by the fact that one of the large single stock positions related to a security in which we have been an underwriting; we thought the right thing to do was to close that previous underwriting, which happened on that Friday. So, we had to hold off, which caused us to be later than some if you will. And the reason for that was not that we weren't aware of what was going on. We just felt we had an underwriting obligation to deal with. So, anyway, it's a long story, but again, in the context of equities business, equities had a record with this built into it, which is pretty extraordinary.
Glenn Schorr: I appreciate that. And then on workplace, it's such a good growth and good margin business on its own. How do you execute? You mentioned that the companion accounts over the next 12, 18 months, how do you execute on that and then how you execute on morphing them to the all important Wealth Management Advisory relationship?
Operator: Please standby. It is disconnected, the call will now end. Goodbye. Please standby. The conference will resume momentarily. Again, please standby. Please standby. The conference will begin now. Otherwise please hold. This line is now muted. I'm passing it to the line. Hold on, I'm passing in.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hello, this is the speaker of the call. Can the Operator hear us, please?
Operator: Yes, confirmed.
Unidentified Company Representative: Okay, great. Can you present, please?
Operator: You are in the main conference ready to proceed.
James Gorman: Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: And our next question comes from Christian Bolu with Autonomous. Your line is now open.
Christian Bolu: Good morning. Hope everyone can hear me.
James Gorman: We can now, sorry about that.
Christian Bolu: Perfect. No worries, okay. Just circle back to the Wealth Management business. The organic growth there was pretty spectacular, north of 10%. And I was wondering if you'd give more detail on the Legacy Fresh advisor business, I hear you on each one of workplace. But the vast majority of the business is still the FA business. And it's really surprising to see this level of growth. So just curious, how much of recruiting for example drive growth, have you made any changes to the recruiting incentives that you're paying out to drive local, just trying to understand some of the core drivers of the strengths here?
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure, Christian, it's Jon. I'll take that. I would say just first on net recruiting. I think you've heard us talk about this for the last several quarters, we've been very active, we've become a destination of choice. All the comments that James made about the breadth of the platform, the intellectual capital, the technology investments that we've made have made our platform and our company a place where FAs wants to do business. So we've seen higher levels of recruiting pipeline, as we bring in FAs and they're successful, and they like the platform. They're obviously talking to their previous colleagues, and therefore it's sort of accelerating. So we've seen really nice net recruiting. We're bringing in bigger teams, better teams and attrition has dramatically slowed down. So that's point number one, in terms of just the contribution of NNA, it was really across all the comments that I made net recruiting aided in the NNA, the E*TRADE platform contributed to the contribution, new clients in the FA channel bringing in existing clients away. So just broad based activity, very, very active, we talked about client engagement being quite spectacular this quarter, and it really aided those numbers but broad based.
Christian Bolu: Okay, thank you. And then to your point, it's been a while since I've seen this level of revenues in that business, and you called out securitized products as a real strength, which I think has always been a bigger business for Morgan Stanley, maybe any more details on that business and what's driving growth. Is it anything to do with the state of the mortgage markets and the strength there, just trying to get more color on sort of, if you have business and what's driving the strong growth there?
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. And again, I think that as I said, the Fed business, it was really every business in all geographies contributed to that quarter $3 billion of revenue, the team is working extremely well together, we're gaining share in that business, the depth of the franchise continues to improve, as you can imagine, in this environment, where the debate around rates and inflation and credit yields. So generally speaking, the credit products have been quite active and volumes have been quite elevated. Also, it's being aided by the primary calendar agency issuance. And so just a lot of good activity going on in credit, and I think as you saw, this quarter, a lot of debate around rates inflation, reflation, which really added to those results.
Christian Bolu: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Mike Mayo: Hi, well, great timing with your E*TRADE acquisition. And I guess retail volumes are some two to three times high, higher than historical from what I can tell. Are you seeing those trends continue through the end of March? And do you expect that to reverse as we get out of the pandemic and people get out of the house and stop trading as much or maybe this is secular?
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure, Mike. No, we're really pleased with the timing of the transaction as you highlight, just if you look at number of clients, volumes, trades, all of the metrics that we historically looked at in that business, they're dramatically higher today than they were when we announced the transaction back in February of last year. So we're also seeing that same engagement across the FA led channel. So it's not just related to the E*TRADE. So I think client engagement is very, very strong at 1.6 million average trades, that's on top of a 1.1 million average trade in the fourth quarter, which was a record, it was less than a million over the course of last year. So we're clearly at elevated levels. So I think we go back to the 200,000 or 300,000 trades they were doing in '19, no. But can we sustain this level? No one's got a crystal ball. But right now, clients are extraordinarily engaged. And we'll have to see how this plays out over time.
James Gorman: Mike, I just said the two kickers, there will be some obviously these markets won't state this kind of retail activity forever. But the two strategic kickers behind this business are yet to really have the impact that they will have, obviously, the deposits and as rates rise, that will be a phenomenal additive. And secondly, the whole workplaces we're integrating with Solium. And that's proving we had some stats in there, I think about 5 million plus clients in there. But that's a huge growth business for us. And I think that'll be sort of the story of the next five years, as much as the elevated activity will be.
Mike Mayo: And then my separate question goes back to Archegos, so if I heard you correctly, $900 million of losses and that compares to record equities anyway, $40 billion of revenues over the past decade in prime brokerage. But within all the news around this, I guess it was just press report saying that you didn't have losses. So I think it's a little bit of a surprise, and does speak to risk management. And so I guess my question is, how much of your prime brokerage business relates to family offices, since you're saying you're taking another look at that and why do you think it was that you were the only large bank to call out losses of this magnitude, when others didn't? I mean, did you, I don't know what you guys did differently versus Citibank America, JPMorgan, Goldman Sachs, or maybe they didn't disclose it. I just don't know if you can share some color on that, that would be great.
James Gorman: Well, I'll give you a couple of things, just on the -- we're in a quiet period. So those things, there are certain times when you can't comment about the business unless you sort of pre-announce earnings, which we weren't going to do given that it was a record. So secondly, I don't I'm not going to comment on other firms. Some of them weren't even prime brokers to this institution. I don't think so. Each of them have their own bid, and they make it and thirdly, the context is the business is a phenomenal business. It's been risk managed very well. This was a very unusual incident. I think the family office, I don't have those numbers, Jon might have, I suspect it's less than 10% of the prime brokerage business, very small. So, yes, Mike I mean listen, we're quite transparent about this. We don't like to take losses ever. Unfortunately, when you intermediate flows of capital, you sometimes say that's what our whole margin book is. And the question is, once you're faced with the reality, how does the team come together to deal with it? And I think they did. As I said, I think they did a really good job.
Mike Mayo: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Carrier with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Michael Carrier: Good morning, and thanks for taking the questions. To me first, just on the trading front obviously robust quarter gauging with those losses, I realized it's difficult to gauge the outlook. Could you -- what drivers are you seeing that could continue to drive activity versus normalize it? And how is your market share, you have been trending during in this environment?
Jonathan Pruzan: It's a great question. And again, without the crystal ball, I'll just give you some sort of perspective on what we saw in the first quarter. And then we collectively decide where we think that'll persist for what period of time, we clearly still have strong asset values. I mentioned, we have healthy pipelines and clients are significantly engaged both retail and institutional, markets are open, there's a lot of liquidity. And we're seeing a continuation of the accelerating economic data around the globe. Obviously, news coming out of China this morning or last night in terms of the growth recovery, so really good backdrop or macro backdrop. As James mentioned, seasonality the first quarter is usually the strongest. Typically, it wasn't last year, but typically it is the strongest in these businesses, we're confident that we have the ability to deliver on the objectives that we set out earlier this year, in terms of our strategic goals. We do believe and I think the data supports that we're gaining market share across all of our businesses. So that's something that we would expect to persist. And I think this year is really going to be focused on that, just growing our market shares and integrating these two very important acquisitions.
Michael Carrier: Okay, great and then just as a follow-up. Just on the wealth and investment management, organic growth got to be very strong gain dimension, some of the retail activity can moderate. I guess maybe on the flip side, both E*TRADE and Eaton Vance, they're very early, it's early innings in terms of integrating it and getting to like the maximum potential. So what are some of those initiatives over the next one to two years did that you feel like, good maybe partially offset any normalization that we eventually get?
Jonathan Pruzan: I think James mentioned a couple of those already. I mean, I think what we've said all along, we're going to be very deliberate with the integrations, these deals were not about costs, they were about growth. And we do not want to, we don't want to disrupt the client experience, we obviously want to enhance it over time. So we're being very deliberate, we're investing in the platforms, we're investing in the service model and we're in the process, as we've mentioned before of sort of gathering data and running pilots to make sure that we understand what we need, so we can service our clients better. So, for example, we're defining running pilots around lead generation. We're defining the FAs, it will be part of that program. We're looking at data analytics and scoring models. We're making the investments in the engine that will help us match the FAs to the client based on specific needs. And the goal really for this year is to make sure that we have the pipes, the people and the process to be able to support our clients in the coming year. So we think there's huge potential. James mentioned the 5 million workplace participants were only clients outside of that channel with about half of those, that business continues to grow. The great thing about that business is that it's scalable. Think of it is a huge funnel of opportunities to further enhance client relationships, that experiences digital. So, it is very, very scalable. And we would expect real growth not only in that channel but to drive growth across the platform, really out of the workplace.
James Gorman: Just to add to it, I can't tell you how excited I am about the combination of these four businesses, the Eaton Vance, our own investment management business, a traditional co-wealth management business in E*TRADE and how this is transforming the place by providing so many growth verticals. I mean, look at the parametric product in Eaton Vance, it's extraordinary. They've done an unbelievable job. Calvert funds with everything going on in the sustainability space. As I said, the workplace with E*TRADE and what we've done with solely in there. And now we'll be one of the top two workplace providers in the world, things that we can do to expand internationally and taking Eaton Vance product using our international distribution putting some back core equities product on the Eaton Vance domestic distribution, they have a great capability there. So it's just -- there is so many verticals now, which are driving growth. Once upon a time when we had the coal business, that sort of number of financial advisors and productivity per financial buzzer, that's basically the only two metrics you needed to follow. And now we've got like 30 different things that are bobbing along. So, you know, sort of watch this space. My target is $10 trillion of money under management. I've told the team internally. They hate that. But you know what, I told Danny [indiscernible] a couple of years ago that my target, I said on a public platform was a trillion dollars assets under management in the wealth asset management business. And he correctly pointed out, it's revenues per asset. It's not assets. And I said, yes, I know, but I'd like $1 trillion with high revenues per asset, and guess what, we've got $1.4 trillion when we started the wealth management journey 12 years ago, we had 500 being under management, now we have $4 trillion. And so we're heading to 10 trillion, we've got all these growth verticals and I just couldn't be more excited about it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thanks very much. Maybe just a little more color on workplace. I feel like it's a good growth and good margin business on its own, but nirvana is the ability to transition them over to full wealth management advisory relationships over time. So the question is how do you execute on that? You mentioned companion accounts, but do you make research available? What products do you push across? Have you pre-market to them to convert them, because it takes time? Thanks.
Jonathan Pruzan: Yes. Glenn, John is going to answer, but sorry about cutting off the four rows in personal, trust me, I like you, don't know quite what happened, but I told the team, let's get you back on for another go at it, to dub you back.
James Gorman: I think you sort of highlighted some of the things that are going to drive the growth going forward. I mean, again, we want more corporate accounts. We're seeing the pipeline very strong. The hit rate is higher and the product is really resonating. We then want to grow the participants. And then once the participants are in the system, we need to build trust and relationships with them through content, through education and through services, because the ultimate goal as you said is to convert them to a broader client. And when we first convert them, we're reasonably indifferent whether they go into the self-directed channel, the FA channel, a virtual channel, because that'll just give us an opportunity to build that relationship, deepen that relationship as the clients requirements and services and needs change, we'll be able to grow with them. And so your comment about migrating wealth client across the different platforms be the ultimate goal, but first we want to build trust with them, bring them into the Morgan Stanley relationship, one of the keys is to try to have that integrated experience across the platforms for the clients. So that's a lot of the technology that we're trying to build too. So we want to bring them in, deepen the relationship and then let them go to the channel that best suits.
Glenn Schorr: Thanks, James. I'm very confident in our relationship. I appreciate that.
James Gorman: Good to hear.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Aijaz Abdul Hussain with JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Aijaz Abdul Hussain: Yes. Thanks for taking my questions. The first one is on fixed income, as you know, you are very credit key player. And clearly that's been performing extremely well. I just wanted to see how you're thinking about that business more the longer-term, more stable environment around credit and with you macro pieces being a bit weaker. So can you talk a little bit about the mix and if you're happy about the mix or what opportunities do you see to further grow the rates and FX area?
Jonathan Pruzan: I think that the short answer again is that we're very pleased with the performance from the fixed income business. We've deepened the breadth of the franchise as you said, credit has historically been a strong point for us, but we're seeing good results and good penetration in both the macro as well as the commodity space. And so again, we think we've gained market share since we've restructured this business. We were probably a 6% or 7% player before. We're now probably a 10%, maybe even 10% plus player. We would expect to maintain that market share going forward, potentially increase it or grow it a little bit more, but we've been very pleased with the balance of the business and the results over the last several years in this.
Aijaz Abdul Hussain:
,:
James Gorman: I'll just make one comment. And I'll let John to add a couple of comments, but we've answered and addressed this topic and I'm sure we'll have plenty of opportunity to talk about it in the future, but this is a pretty small part of what we do as a whole firm. But I think the comment I want to make is family offices are not bad per se. I want to be very clear about that. We have some phenomenal family office clients, and they're all over the world tremendous institutions. So let's not throw the baby out with about 40 here. This is not a judgment call on family offices. This is a very idiosyncratic event. And I'll let John, if he wants to add anything more to it, but I don't want to overlay with this issue.
Jonathan Pruzan: Yes, I would just and I think just pulling some of the threads of your questions together, just make a couple more observations. First, as we obviously are looking across all of the portfolios. As James mentioned, we're looking in our stress testing methodology and we will recalibrate it if and where it's appropriate to do so. Number one your comment about margin and collateral. I mean, I think the way that we think about it as we had collateral based on a certain set of facts that turned out not to be true, and James as mentioned it wasn't necessarily, it was a family office. It wasn't necessarily that they had large concentrated positions. It really came down to the fact that this firm had large positions, the same positions in the same names at other banks across the street, and it wasn't apparent to us. So I think that's what isolates the situation here or makes it more unique. We scrubbed the portfolio. We haven't found anyone that has similar fact patterns or copycat strategies and we'll continue to be diligent around all of those points.
Aijaz Abdul Hussain: Thanks for your answers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Your line is now open.
Devin Ryan: Okay, great day, good morning. So, wanted to ask a question about the recent announcement to offer a few specific bitcoin related funds to wealth management clients and appreciate you have to walk before you run here and it's pretty small, but just given how fast the ecosystem is developing and the interest in the space lobby just maybe give some thoughts on, I guess, one what the reaction was in currently, and then two just tell us more broadly as you're thinking about the crypto space across the organization?
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. And I think your comments are very appropriate. It's a fast-growing space. There's a lot of interest in the space. And we had a significant interest from our wealth clients to try to get access to this new asset class. And so we tried to facilitate that. We've allowed within our wealth management platform, qualified investors to get access through two specific passive funds, if you will, that access to the crypto currency. The uptake and the interest level has been strong, and we would expect people to continue to be interested in this space. And we will continue to monitor it and evolve. And we are in the business of trying to provide services and investment opportunities that interest our client base. And as we continue to see more or stronger interest, we will continue to try to work with the regulators and others to provide services that we think are appropriate.
Devin Ryan: Okay, perfect. Let me squeeze in a quick follow-up here. Just on the SPAC market, clearly has played a role I think there. The record amount of investment banking activity in the market really started to lock up a bit over the past month on the PIPE side. And now the SEC is adding some more scrutiny here. So, I just love to maybe think the backlogs there and expectations moving forward to kind of work through those backlogs, and then, in the IPO market kind of do a hand off year, the traditional route have gone public if the SPAC market soars?
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. I mean, listen, the SPAC or the product itself is just another financing vehicle just like a private placement or a direct listing. And even with those incremental and new products, the traditional IPO product has been very active very strong. And we have been a market leader in that space. You appropriately point out that the backlog I think over 200 SPACs on file. So, I would expect that we will continue to see more issuance. There seems to be a pause as market is digesting this and the regulators are looking at it. So, I don't want to get in front of that. But, there is clearly interest in this product both from an issuer and a buyer perspective. And I think it does also add to some of the momentum in the M&A product. But I would also point out there is a couple hundred million dollars sort of SPAC money that can be levered and put into the M&A environment. But, there is also a $1.5 trillion of dry powder with the private equity firm. So, if you put multiples or leverage of those, there is a lot of buying power, so I think that's also a good driver of the M&A market going forward.
Devin Ryan: Okay, great. Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Sigee with BNP Exane Paribas. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Sigee: Hi there. Thank you. I would like to carry on the discussion about the revenue growth drivers in wealth management. So, I agree with you, I think the upside is huge from that. Is it too early to see signs of revenue synergy between E*TRADE and the workplace channel and the advisor channels whether it's customers bringing in assets held away or starting to cross over into other channels and use other services? Can you see signs of that yet, or is it too soon?
Jonathan Pruzan: Yes. I mean I think as I mentioned, we are seeing some anecdotal signs of that. We are running some private programs. We think we are capturing some of the traditional E*TRADE clients who might have left that platform for incremental advice and now they are staying with us and working with our financial advisory platform. So, I think there are very good early signs. And I think you are seeing some of that obviously in the NNA. The other point I would make is in terms of the workplace retention when we announced the transaction, we targeted a 15% retention rate there. It's early days, but we are pleased with the progress that we are making. E*TRADE is still -- the E*TRADE platform retention rate is still well above 15%. So, we feel very confident about our ability to deliver on that. And as we get further along on this journey, we will start to give you more color on that. But, early anecdotes are quite positive.
Jeremy Sigee: Okay, great. And, could I just ask a follow-up, a technical question on Archegos? I know you are fed up with this topic, but just a technical question. Does the fact of the loss which is now in your data history, does that have any mechanical calculation impact on risk ratings or capital requirements in your PB business?
Jonathan Pruzan: Again, the volatility related to this event was as James said, was very short in terms of time series. So, I think the answer is it will not have a meaningful impact to the overall capital requirement.
Jeremy Sigee: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-20 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. On behalf of Morgan Stanley, I will begin the call with the following disclaimer. During today's presentation, we will refer to our earnings release and financial supplement, copies of which are available at morganstanley.com. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to our notices regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures that appear in the earnings release and strategic update. Within the strategic update, and reported information has been adjusted and is noted in the presentation. These adjustments were made to provide a transparent and comparative view of our operating performance against our strategic objectives. The reconciliations of these non-GAAP adjusted operating performance metrics are included in the notes to the presentation. On October 2, Morgan Stanley closed its acquisition of E*TRADE, which impacts period-over-period comparisons for the firm and Wealth Management. This presentation may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent. I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James Gorman: Thank you, Operator. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. And I fully appreciate we're competing with a historic day here, so particularly appreciate you listening in. We will be brisk, as we always try to be. Morgan Stanley delivered record results in 2020. We generated an ROTCE of 15.4%, while meaningfully driving our strategic vision forward. We successfully closed our acquisition of E*TRADE, received an upgrade from Moody's to A2, we're placed on review for upgrade a second time, and announced our intent to acquire Eaton Vance. Then last month, following the Federal Reserve's release of its second stress test result, we announced the $10 billion buyback program that we intend to execute in 2021. Our performance and competitive position serve as hard evidence that Morgan Stanley has reached an inflection point. Jon will discuss the details of this year's performance in a moment, but first let me walk you through our vision for the next decade, and outlook focused on growth as outlined in our annual strategic update. This is something we've now done since, I believe, 2012. Let's turn to slide three. Our strategy revolves around demonstrating stability in times of serious stress, and delivering strong results when markets are active. 2020 for sure tested this thesis. In a rapidly evolving operating environment, we responded to heightened volatility and supported open and functioning markets and client needs. We delivered record revenues of $48 billion while remaining disciplined in our risk management. Those revenues, by the way, are up from $34 billion in the time period 2010 through 2014. Turn to slide number four. We enhanced our positioning in areas of secular growth with several strategic acquisitions. In 2019, as you know, we advanced our workplace offering with the acquisition of Solium. Then, in 2020, we took a leap forward when we announced our acquisitions of E*TRADE and Eaton Vance. Combining with E*TRADE positions us to reach clients in various stages of wealth accumulation in a scalable, economic way. E*TRADE's technology, products, and innovation mindset enhance our growth model. Further, E*TRADE serves a younger demographic, who are on average over 10 years younger than those we have historically served, and who we can continue to service as their needs become increasingly complex. With Eaton Vance, we will create a leading asset manager of scale. Eaton Vance brings new investment capabilities to our platform, and leading positions in secular growth areas, particularly customization and sustainability. The deal will also expand our client reach, combining MSIM's robust international distribution with Eaton Vance's strong U.S. distribution. Please turn to slide number five. Having experienced periods of fragility, healing, and stability, our firm is now at an inflection point. The next decade will be characterized by growth. Our growth drivers span across all three of our business segments. We'll focus on gaining market share, expanding and deepening our client relationships, realizing acquisition synergies and operating leverage, and finally, returning capital to our shareholders. Please turn to slide six. Scale in our interconnected businesses are the foundation for our first growth driver, gaining market share. Our integrated investment bank produced $26 billion in revenue on a pro forma basis, our wealth and asset management platforms is among the largest globally, with over $5 trillion in combined assets. Our breadth and depth of product offerings and services have enabled us to gain an increased share of client wallet, as you can see on slide seven. Our segments are working together to deliver holistic client coverage, and are capturing asset and revenue growth. In 2020, international securities generated over $300 million of revenues from transactions through Wealth Management referrals. Wealth Management in turn gained $20 billion of client assets, and Investment Management saw $6 billion of net flows and commitments all from Institutional Securities referrals. Our second growth driver, expanding and deepening our client base, begins with Institutional Securities, on slide eight. Our integrated investment bank benefits from our coordinated and client-focused approach. We built revenues meaningfully to a record $26 billion in 2020. The result of this growth coupled with risk and expense discipline was an operating margin of 35%. Turn to slide nine, which talks about our Wealth Management business. With the acquisition of E*TRADE, we are now a top three player in each of the key channels in which investors manage their finances, and each presents unique growth opportunities. With our increased capabilities, we can deepen client relationships and provide more services to millions of households. If we look at E*TRADE, on slide 10, you'll see the business had a remarkable year in 2020, setting new records across all material metrics. The unique backdrop dramatically accelerated digital adoption and meaningfully increased levels of engagement. Versus prior records, trading activity more than tripled, and net new assets more than doubled. Deposits reached record levels. Extraordinary growth versus prior records is hard additional evidence that our decision to buy E*TRADE was indeed the right one. On slide 11, we illustrate our extraordinary accumulation of net new assets, bringing over $200 billion of assets this year new to our firm, that's 6% of beginning period assets on a pro forma basis. We've invested heavily over the years building our modern wealth strategy, enhancing our technology, and building new businesses. And the addition of E*TRADE will only help. This year's net new asset growth was remarkable. And while net new assets tend to fluctuate obviously in any year, and this was likely the high end of what is a likely range, we still expect net new assets to remain well above historic levels. On slide 12, every year for the past decade, our revenues have increased. And with E*TRADE, our daily revenues will be significantly higher in the future. In 2020, 65% of trading days saw revenues in excess of $70 million. That was compared to just 2% only four years ago. Let's talk about Investment Management, on slide 13. With our announcement to acquire Eaton Vance, we will create a premier global asset manager with $1.4 trillion in assets under management. Since 2017, Morgan Stanley Investment Management has grown assets under management by over $360 billion, and both MSIM and Eaton Vance have each individually attracted industry-leading long-term net flows over 20%. We're really excited about this transaction and the integration planning is going well. Eaton Vance's businesses remain strong, with increasing assets under management through the end of December. We expect to close the transaction no later than early in the second quarter. Slide 14 shows the power of our wealth and investment management platforms when taken together. On a pro forma basis, we will have over $5 trillion in client assets, creating further revenue opportunities. Our efforts to enhance and build out these businesses have led to strong growth. Pro forma client assets have more double the amount we oversaw in 2014. Consistent with our predominantly advance-driven business model, revenue on these assets, expressed in basis points on the right-hand-side of the page, is materially higher than our three larger competitors. Now, let's turn to slide 15, which includes an update on the acquisition synergies we expect to realize. The cost synergies we previously outlined are definitely on track. And on the funding side with additional liquidity and deposits we have added since the announcement, we expect $100 million more in synergies than originally projected. We also expect to capture significant incremental revenue opportunities through these deals. And there are outlined in little bit detail on the right-hand side of the slide. Now turning to 16, expense discipline is a fundamental tenant of the way we manage Morgan Stanley and has enhanced record pretax profits. And you see our efficiency ratio has come down from 2014 at 79% to just on 70% this past year. And obviously, that has driven the pretax profit expansion. So, our fifth growth driver is highlighted on Page 17. Over the past several years we have consistently improved our returns despite holding material excess capital. We are excited about the opportunity to return that excess to shareholders and announced a $10 billion buyback program for this year. We restarted our share repurchase program this month and plan to increase our dividend when restrictions are lifted by the Federal Reserve. I'll now conclude with our updated strategic objectives which are shown on slide 18. While this year will be a transition year as we observed two major acquisitions, our focus remains on positioning Morgan Stanley to achieve our long-term strategic targets. Our long-term aspiration and frankly our belief is that wealth management would generate a margin over 30%. By 2022 and in that period, we expect to range from 26 to 30% as we continue to work through the E*TRADE integration. We also plan to invest in many aspects of our business for growth that will balance this with discipline. In so doing, we keep our long term efficiency ratio below 70% and within the range 69 to 72 over the next two years. Finally, our long-term aspiration for ROTCE is indeed to exceed 17%. How quickly that occurs depends not only on our business performance but also, of course, on distribution. In the meantime, we raised our two-year target to the range of 14 to 16%. As always, these targets are subject to major moves in the economic outlook and any big changes in the political and regulatory environment. However, based on what we see now we fully expect to achieve these as stated. That concludes the strategic part of the conversation. I'll now turn the call over to John who is going to go through the fourth and annual results, and together we look forward to taking your questions. Thank you.
Jonathan Pruzan: Thank you, and good morning. The firm produced revenues of $48 billion in 2020. Records both with and without E*TRADE saw a continued momentum into the fourth quarter with revenues of $13.6 billion. Dynamic markets, incredible volatility, and consistent client engagement across all three businesses drove results. Excluding E*TRADE integration related expenses, our ROTCE was 18.7% and 15.4% for the fourth quarter and full year respectively, and EPS was $1.92 and $6.58 respectively. We continue to deliver on operating leverage in 2020 led by institutional securities. Non-compensation expenses for the year increased 50% driven by increased volume related expenses and higher credit provisions. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in marketing and business and development. Compensation expenses increased 11% on a full-year basis on higher revenues. Revenues for the full-year up 16% resulting in efficiency ratio of 70%, down from 73 in 20 -- now to the businesses, in institutional securities, our business achieved various records throughout the full year. Our revenues were $26 billion, 25% higher than our previous best year. While all regions contributed to the results, growth in Asia was a standout. Revenues were $7 billion in the quarter marking the strongest fourth quarter in more than 10 years. The traditional seasonal slowdown was not experienced and clients remained active up until the week of Christmas. Investment banking revenues were $7.2 billion for the full-year, 26% higher in 2019 driven by record underwriting revenues, particularly equity. In response to the COVID environment, the year saw a rolling opening of markets beginning with debt and rescue financings, next with equity, and very recently leveraged loans and corporate M&A financing. Quarterly results were the strongest in over a decade, generating revenues of $2.3 billion, 46% higher versus the prior year driven by record underwriting and advisory results with each region contributing revenues well above average run rates. Overall, the investment banking pipeline continues to be healthy across products. The pace of M&A announcement has accelerated and client and boardroom dialogue is active. Equity issuance remains robust with a strong backlog from IPOs driven by leadership in healthcare and technology and follow on activity notably in the Americas and Asia. After a record breaking year and investment grade and high yield debt markets, strategic activity should support increased acquisition related financing. In equity sales and trading, we remain number one globally for the seventh consecutive year. Full-year revenues of $9.8 billion increased 22% from the prior period. This represents the strongest annual result in over a decade. This year's market backdrop was unprecedented and the strong performance across products reflected heightened client activity, emits elevated volatility, and a double-digit increase in global market volumes. Fourth quarter revenues of $2.5 billion and full-year results were robust across products and regions with the biggest growth drivers from derivatives and Asia. Fixed income sales and trading revenues were the highest in over a decade increasing 59% to $8.8 billion for the year. Clients were highly engaged in a year marked by higher volumes and volatility, active capital markets and wider bid offer spreads. Fourth quarter revenues of $1.7 billion, increased 31% year-over-year, results in the quarter and full-year were led by credit and foreign exchange, for the full-year Asia showed particular strengths. Across other sales and trading and other revenues, results this quarter improved versus the prior year. The increase primarily reflected lower provisions for loan losses and movements related to deferred cash compensation plan. Our ISG credit portfolio continues to perform well. Over 90% of our ISG loans and commitments are investment grade or secured. ISG loans and lending commitments are up $9 billion this quarter, as we continue to support our clients while our funded ratio on our corporate book has continued to decline, and it's now closed to pre-pandemic levels. After building our allowance for loan losses throughout the first three quarters, it was essentially flat in Q4. ISG provisions were $14 million, while net charge-offs were approximately $40 million primarily related to one commercial real estate loan secured by hotels. While risk remains concentrated in our vulnerable sector portfolio, the portfolio continues to decline. We de-risk this portfolio by close to $2 billion this quarter, and it now represents less than 10% of our portfolio. Over 90% of this portfolio like our entire ISG portfolio is either investment grade or secured. Our reserve coverage remains stable and forbearance for the ISG portfolio continues to decline. Turning to wealth management, on October 2nd, we closed our acquisition of E*TRADE. This quarter's results include the combined business financials with virtually all of the E*TRADE revenues in transactional and NII making comparisons to prior periods are difficult. So I will focus my comments on Q4 and how we are positioned for 2021. We have also included some new disclosure in the supplement on page seven regarding the combined business. In the quarter revenues were $5.7 billion, excluding integration related expenses of 231 million. The PBT margin was 22.9% and full-year margin was 24.2%. The underlying drivers of this business remain extremely strong, reflecting comprehensive capabilities and strong client engagement and activity. We saw record fee-based flows of $77 billion for the year, and fee-based assets are now $1.5 trillion. We added $18 billion of loans or 22% growth in 2020, and loans are nearly $100 billion. Asset quality continues to be excellent and loans in forbearance are under $400 million down from approximately $2 billion at the end of Q1. Deposits continue to grow and were supplemented by $54 billion from E*TRADE and are at $306 billion. The network generated net new assets of $66 billion in the quarter and on a pro forma basis over $200 billion in the year. We remain a destination of choice for advisors and continue to add strong teams and retain our productive advisors. These underlying fundamentals and the realization of synergies position us well for the future. In the quarter, asset management fees were $3 billion, benefiting from higher asset levels and $24 billion of fee-based flows. Transaction volumes remained elevated and revenues were strong even after excluding approximately $350 million of DCP as clients were active across both advisor led and self directed channels. Net interest income was $1.2 billion in the quarter and benefited from the incremental deposits and investment portfolio that came with E*TRADE. This is a reasonable exit rate to inform 2021 and includes the purchase accounting adjustments associated with premium amortization which is approximately $50 million a quarter. This year NII will grow due to the realization of our funding synergies and lending growth with limited impact from rates. On funding synergies, we onboarded approximately $4 billion of deposits that were previously swept-off E*TRADE's balance sheet in the back half of Q4 and we expect to onboard approximately $20 billion in Q1. As we invest these deposits and shed higher costs wholesale funding, we would expect to realize 80% of our revised higher funding benefits in NII in 2021 with the full impact of these actions selected in Q2. On lending, we continue to see strong lending demand and expect approximately 10% loan growth to benefit NII. Lastly on rates we do not anticipate any change to policy rates in the near-term. However, we'll benefit from the eventual normalization of rates. The acquisition of E*TRADE increases our U.S. banks sensitivity to rates and a 100 basis point increase in rates would now contribute an estimated $1.5 billion of additional NII prior to the estimated $1 billion we disclosed in our Q prior to completing the acquisition. We continue to expect $800 million of integration costs over three years with approximately 40% to be realized this year. Following the close of the transaction, we took actions to realize the $400 million of cost synergies we outlined. Our efforts have been aimed at limiting disruption to the customer experience during the integration and will be measured, 2021 we'll be exiting the E*TRADE branches consolidating our bank entities and integrating HR and finance systems and we would expect to realize approximately 25% of the cost synergies during the year. Investment Management reported revenues of $1.1 billion in the fourth quarter representing the second highest quarterly level in over a decade. For the full-year, revenues were $3.7 billion in line with the prior-period but reflecting a greater contribution for more durable management fee revenues and less from carried interest. Total AUM rose to a record high of $781 billion of which long-term AUM was also a record at $493 billion. Long-term net flows were $8.5 billion in the quarter. Our global equity strategies continue to deliver strong performance and attract positive flows. Total net flows were $25 billion. The global nature of our platform remains an advantage as inflows across regions led to record long-term net flows of $41 billion for the year, and an annual long-term growth rate of 12%. We're excited about the transaction with Eaton Vance across businesses and strategies Eaton Vance's assets under management across excuse me increased by over $65 billion since October. The overall tone of the business is strong and their momentum continues. Turning to the balance sheet, total spot assets were $1.1 trillion and standardized RWA's increased to $454 billion, reflecting high levels of client activity and the closing of E*TRADE. Our standardized CET-1 ratio was flat to the prior quarter at 17.4%. Our tax rates were 23% and 22.5% for the quarter and full-year respectively. We expect our 2021 tax rate to be in and around 23% which will exhibit some quarter-to-quarter volatility. We're pleased with our strong performance this year. Our franchise is better positioned for growth than we have been in well over a decade. We enter 2021 with strong asset levels, healthy pipeline, engaged institutional and retail clients, and an extremely strong brand. We are confident in our ability to deliver on our objectives. With that, we will now open the line to questions. [26:20]
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brennan Hawken with UBS. Your line is now open.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. Just wanted to start on the net new asset disclosure that you guys provided here this quarter for the first time, thanks for that, it's very, very helpful. It seems as though the net new asset growth, the organic growth profile in the wealth business accelerated here in 2020. What do you think is driving that? Is that a capturing a greater wallet share of existing clients, is that an expansion of the client base? And it seems as though the metric excludes fees and commissions. Is -- do you have an estimate of what that would mean for a headwind to that growth rate, because I believe most of the other competitors disclose it net of those fees, so just want to try to make a like-for-like? Thank you.
James Gorman: Well, let me start, and Jon would talk about some of the disclosure stuff, and as you point out, Brennan, it's the first time I think we have done it in many, many years. And we just thought it was time to reflect the fact that the business has unbelievable growth. I mean we hear about a lot of competitors and a lot of digital players with frankly, in absolute dollars, modest assets. And we're able to bring in $200 billion in a year. Now, part of that is obviously it's pro forma based, part of that is if you look at what E*TRADE is doing, they're doing great. Part of it is if you're in net attrition of financial advisors you will be in net attrition of assets on those advisors [indiscernible] for the first time in 20-plus years I've been doing this we're not in net attrition, which is interesting given the IFA channels continue to grow, but they're not growing from us. So we're keeping assets of our advisors. We're gaining assets from new advisors. Through the workplace initiatives, through Solium, and E*TRADES we are gaining assets from the conversion and keeping those assets at high rate than we were. So it's a whole variety of things that have been done within the Wealth Management business to look for ways to continue to accelerate our client asset growth at the firm. And it's no single thing. I do think 6%, that's a -- as I've used the expression before, it's a sporty number, but it's a long way from the 2% or the 3%-4% we're operating at. And I think it will be elevated. I don't think we're going to go back to 2%, but maybe 6%, that feels high. And certainly best-in-class to what the Street offers. But maybe Jon has more on the disclosures.
Jonathan Pruzan: Yes, so the two critical exposures, the net new assets and then the fee-based flows, and you can see from the footnotes on the net new assets, which is a concept of the assets that we bring into the organization net of the outflows, that does not exclude the fees. You can figure and see the fees on the asset base line in the disclosure, about $10 billion or $11 billion. The fee-based flows do exclude that, as it is a function about how much fee-based assets that we have that are generating a return on those asset base. Hopefully that clarifies the question. And I think for us the net new assets, given the different business models across the different business models it reflects, most people don't have the level of asset-based fees that we do, and we thought it was appropriate to disclose it then.
Brennan Hawken: Yes. It's -- no, that's great. That's very helpful clarification. And agreed the growth rate looks robust. I mean you regularly hear about how the traditional wealth management firms are just the providers of share. And certainly a mid single-digit growth rate does not suggest you're providing or ceding share to anybody. So, agreed there. And then for my follow-up, sort of a related question, one of the things that a lot of people and myself included think is one of the more exciting opportunities for growth in the wealth business is the stock plan business where you really just have like a strong position competitively. And you flag a lot of in the deck, which is really helpful. You talk about the retention opportunity of the 15%-plus which is what E*TRADE has pointed to historically. Are you -- what's the plan to integrate the stock plan platforms? How long do you think that might take? And is it right, when we think about the opportunity set, you've got these $435 billion of unvested assets, my guess is that's the opportunity set. About how much of that tends to vest per year, is it about a quarter or 30%, and it's right to think about that as evergreen, right, like invest and then they're replaced with new awards in subsequent year? Sorry about the multipart question, but I think it's an important one. Thank you.
Jonathan Pruzan: That's okay. So, we have integrated the sales team. We're going to market through our corporate clients with a consolidated sales effort. As you would expect, we're going to be very mindful of the integration of these platforms. I would highlight that they were certainly different emphasis in terms of big companies, small companies, private companies, and we will converge those platforms over time and upgrade them both to sort of bring the best of both of those platforms together. You're right, the existing opportunity is the $435 billion of unvested assets, and roughly five million participants. Our expectation is we will continue to grow the number of corporate relationships we have, and therefore the number of participants. And we've seen good closure rates since announcing both the Solium transaction and the E*TRADE transaction, so we feel very good about the momentum of the number of new corporate relationships we have in that channel. And then lastly, on the $435 billion, give or take 25% or 30% of that vest each year, I think that's a pretax number, so clearly there's tax impacting that. But as you say, our expectation is that number will continue to grow as we bring on more and more corporate relationships.
Brennan Hawken: Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Mike Mayo: Hi. Well, you've clearly gained share this quarter of the year in capital markets and trading. Aside from your gaining share, what is your outlook for the industry wallet? As you know, it shrunk in trading for a decade, and now it may or may not have turned more permanently. So, some banks say we're planning for 2019 levels for trading, some think it can maintain this pace, some say it's in-between. Kind of where do you fall out, and why, what do you see as the structural changes?
James Gorman: Mike, it's very difficult to say. I mean just look at what we've been through in the last 12 months, and look at activity in the first quarter versus the second quarter, and then where do you finish. So, clearly, there is a lot of activity in the market. There is enormous fiscal stimulus. Our rates remain very low. I think the global economies are recovering. And I think the vaccine; if we get in the U.S. to a million doses a day for the next 150 days would be spectacular. So, there are a lot of industries that are continuing to look at share issuance, new IPOs coming, recapitalizations of different kinds, raising debt. So there's a lot of market activity I think in the reasonable near-term. Whether it is at the level of 2020, I mean you'd have to bet against that just on pure odds, less than 50%, I think. But who knows, I mean the year has started off strong. And we count them one day at a time. And the year has started off strong, the markets are active, the economies are recovering globally, new administration has come in. It looks like we had a peaceful transition hopefully today. So, I am quite optimistic about it. I can't put a pin to say exactly where we're going to end up, but we're clearly gaining share. Our fixed income franchise has well recovered from the 2015 restructuring and 2012 lows. Our equities bounced and retain their number one spot again in what has been a growing equity fee pool. And clearly, that the banking revenue is about $2 billion for the quarter, there is a lot of M&A activity and a lot of underwriting activity. So, I'm pretty optimistic. I mean I can't put an exact number on it, but I certainly don't feel like we're going to make a major back-step at all here.
Mike Mayo: On that last comment, in terms of backlogs, are they up quarter-over-quarter, near record, down?
Jonathan Pruzan: Yes, generally, I think from my comments, Mike, we describe them as healthy across all products and all regions, with IPOs as a standout. As I said, M&A activity dialogues very active, pipeline very healthy. So, as James said, a very constructive start to the year with very healthy pipeline.
Mike Mayo: All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christian Bolu with Autonomous. Your line is now open.
Christian Bolu: Thank you, and good morning, James and Jon. Maybe back on Wealth Management organic growth, and again echo the earlier comments. Really appreciate the new information. But for James, you seem to be really playing down the 6% this year as not sustainable. So I guess can you just maybe help us understand what exactly was elevated in 2020, was just overall industry was elevated, was there something more specific to Morgan Stanley like higher recruiting? I'm just trying to understand why you think it was elevated. And then maybe more importantly, just looking forward, give us a sense of what you think the business can do sustainably, as sort of range for organic growth that you would expect for the business. Thank you.
James Gorman: Christian, you probably know me well enough by now to know I'm not going to project a trend line based upon one point of data. Listen, we have had a decade of been growing net new assets around 2%-3% and then 3%-4%. Clearly E*TRADE has fast-growing asset growth capability, that adds enormously. I think net positive financial advisor, our actual numbers of financial advisors went up this quarter, I think for the first time for years. So, I just trend to the conservative until I see more data. And do I think it's going to fall back to 2%, not at all. But if we could lock in 6% for the next 10 years, and we'd be bringing -- we're bringing $200 billion a year. I read about a lot of these online players that have got $20 billion in total. And we're brining in $20 billion every five weeks, so we're effectively creating these companies every five weeks. Now, if it's going to be 4.5%, 5.5%, I don't know. I just -- my instinct is 6% in $4 trillion is a lot of assets to bring in. And I think it's doable. I'm not saying it's not doable. But I'm not projecting that. And I wouldn't want to guide you to that. On the other hand, I don't think we're going back to where we -- I think we've got a different kind of company. The reason that the title of this presentation is called Morgan Stanley, an Inflection Point, the Next Decade of Growth is if there's one message I would like people to take away from it is we're in the growth phase of this company for the next decade. We've been in, as I said, from the crisis forward, sort of fragility, then healing, then stability. And we are unambiguously in a growth phase. We have the capital to invest in our business, we're gaining share across our businesses, we've got scale in the key businesses. We've invested in a lot of technology improvements to the businesses to increase their efficiency. And I believe we're in a growth phase in this company, and one of those indicators to growth will be very strong net new asset growth.
Christian Bolu: Fair enough. Maybe switching over to capital, with the stock now trading well above book value, how are you thinking about prioritizing buyback versus dividends? I think in the past you have spoken to an aspirational target of paying out all of wealth and asset management earnings as a dividend. So maybe just some updated thoughts around how you're thinking about that prospect, and again, buyback versus dividend conversation here?
James Gorman: Well, the third leg to that conversation, very importantly, is investing in the business. If we're going to grow, let's pretend we're growing, I don't know, net earnings of $10 billion, and we're paying out dividends at the moment of about $2.5 billion. So if we were doing a buyback this year of $10 billion we're only eating into our buffer $2.5 billion a year, we're not going to chip away at much for 17.4% and I think the threshold is 13.2%. I'm looking at Jon.
Jonathan Pruzan: Yes.
James Gorman: 13.2%. Let's assume we carry, what, a 50-100 basis point buffer on our SCB, so let's assume we want to run at 14.2%, we're at 17.4%. We've clearly got some room to move, obviously, we've got the Eaton Vance move coming in, which affects those numbers about 100 basis points. So, as I think about it, I've described this before, half our company asset sort of yield component to it, very stable revenues and earnings, and we could clearly move the dividend higher and we'll, once the regulators permit that we have, clearly we have the capacity. On the book value, yes, I would have preferred to be buying stocks last year when we were at $27. Unfortunately, we couldn't do that, but I'm not troubled by buying a little of book value. And I don't think we can be 2Q we have 1.8 billion-1.9 billion shares outstanding, obviously through the issuance from the deal. So, I'd like to get us back to 1.5 billion type range over the next few years and we've got the capital, on things we can invest, $10 billion, $15 billion a year in the business and generate the kinds of returns, we expect to generate. So it's a mix of all three. But clearly, we like to see more action on the dividend. Clearly, we're going to be aggressively buying back and consistently and clearly we have capacity to increase our investment in the core businesses.
Christian Bolu: Great, high-class problem. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open. Your line is muted.
Steven Chubak: Sorry, can you hear me? My apologies for that. I just want to start-off with a question on funding NII. I appreciate the disclosure on funding optimization and the drivers of some of the improved synergies from the initial guidance. I'm curious how much room there is to cut deposit costs further, it looks like your wealth management deposit costs are 24 bps, it's just running well above peers. And just a clarifying question regarding the NII guidance, is the growth you're contemplating in '21? Is that versus the 4Q '20 base, which reflects the full impact of the deal? Or was that a guide versus full-year 2020?
Jonathan Pruzan: I'll do the first, last question first, which is that it was based on the fourth quarter, so sort of using a fourth quarter annualized as the right base to be thinking about again, we did have the full impact of both the transaction for the full quarter as well as the amortization of the premium from the investment portfolio. You're right; our deposit costs were 24 basis points which were down 14 basis points for the quarter. We also saw an improvement as you know, BDP or what we call our sweep deposits, obviously at a lower rate, basically a one basis points relative to our wholesale, that costs about 100 basis points. So part of the funding synergies is really coming from replacing those wholesale funding, CDs and other wholesale funding with the off balance sheet deposits that we're going to bring back on balance sheet. So we started the quarter, I think about 65% of our funding and the deposits were sweep. We're now at 75%, we would expect about $15 billion to $20 billion of CD roll-off. That's obviously based on the maturities. So we continue to think that we can drive our average deposit costs lower as we continue to replace the wholesale with the incremental deposits from E*TRADE.
Steven Chubak: No, that's great. And just for my follow-up, big picture question, James, if you'll indulge me, I was hoping you could help us reconcile versus your prior target of 15% to 17%. What rate market and capital assumptions are underpinning your 17% plus ambition, and I guess if we started to think about the inflection and growth that you cited and maybe even some tailwinds from normalization, just higher rates, which would be more than 100 basis point benefit, greater realization of revenue synergy opportunities, further progress on the SCB, the direction of travel, there's been quite favorable. The 17% plus longer-term still feels somewhat conservative. I'm wondering from your perspective, do you see even in upper teens are 20% plus ROTCE as a reasonable long-term ambition just given the significant transformation that's underway.
James Gorman: You're beginning to replace Mike Mayo's. He usually asks me that. What about the plus? What's wrong with plus? Plus means more.
Steven Chubak: You drive a truck with that range.
James Gorman: Yes, listen, I wouldn't put -- I wouldn't try and model too much science into this. This is an expression of our aspiration, and as I said also happens to be out belief. It's not just Disney Land. We believe we will deliver these numbers, and for some of the reasons you listed, rates being one of them, obviously has a huge impact on this firm, but look at where we finished last year and what our numbers were, these obviously become very plausible, whether it should be 17 plus, 18 plus, 19 plus. We said to you three years ago, our aspiration was to have a 17 plus ROTCE, you know, we are also planning. So I'm very comfortable with these numbers. If we could achieve this, then obviously the stock should be trading much higher than it is today. And embedded in it, we do some math, we stopped with that budget, we stopped with that operating performance in 2018, 2019, 2020 look at our budget projections. We do sensitivities around revenues. We understand what our comp and non-comp look like over the next couple of years, whether we have major litigation exposures or not, the integration costs that have got to work through, and then the synergies of the various businesses. And then we of course look at the capital question, which I discussed earlier I think with Christian on buyback dividend or reinvestment in the business, and what our RWA growth is going to be in ISG and how that affects the CT1, and you put all of that in a big washing machine and out spits a number with a plus on it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Glenn Schorr with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Glenn Schorr: Thanks very much. James, I wonder if we could look at slide 14 and talk to something that comes up a bunch. You show your 5.4 trillion pro forma. If you look at that fee rate, there is only one other peer on that top 10 that has a fee rate equal or better than yours. And I think it's a good thing, but this comes up plenty. So I'd love to hear you talk about it. And the sustainability of that fee rate, I don't see price pressure in the wealth management business, but people ask on it all the time. Just curious to get your thought process over the coming years and what is kind of embedded in those, your immediate and long-term targets implicitly with that? Thanks.
James Gorman: I don't think you're going to see price compression of any significance across the wealth/res management platforms. It's really functioning a blend of asset types. So, for example, the wealthy of the clients, if you have clients with a $100 million dollars, they're not paying 58 basis points, they're probably paying I don't know, closer to 10 basis points or something, a client with a million dollars is being close at a $100 basis points. So it depends a little bit on the business mix as to what revenue you generate on those assets. Obviously, some of the E*TRADE active trading clients have got high velocity on them. They're going to have higher basis point numbers and a very passive position in restricted stock. So a little bit of that is you've got to sort of peel away what is going on under the numbers, but you brought a question, do I see price compression across wealth management? No, I don't. In fact, we will probably generate more revenue as we build up the banking, lending and deposit product. On the asset management side I mean, listen if you driving performance in the active side, you can generate, you can hold your fees as they are. The underperformers lose their assets quickly when they lose their fees. So I'm not terribly bothered about, and if you knew the names of the three above it, you'll probably get some, there is a reason, they are more index-oriented, it's a different business model. Now we generate a higher revenue per dollar of assets, but we pay a higher revenue comp structure for Solium assets, but it's not exactly 30, 40, 50 basis point win as you know obviously.
Glenn Schorr: Understood. Why don't we hear your words? Thanks. And then maybe if we could just bridge the gap, I think I know the answer to this too, but this was a pretty strong environment, you consolidated each -- the adjusted margin and wealth management of 24% of the medium term target - two year target at 26 to 30. How do we get inside the range without the help of rates, because the fed theoretically is on hold for a few years?
James Gorman: Yes, the business is growing. We had some additional expenses this year. For example, we made more contributions to our role, philanthropic and charitable efforts given what is going on with COVID, that cost is distributed across the businesses. We paid a one-time bonus to all employees owning less than I think $150,000 who don't receive bonuses, given the headcount and wealth management that disproportionately picks up business. So there is always a few things going on that, a point of margin is worth about $45 million a quarter I think if I am doing my maths right, $18 billion, 180 million, so something like that. So it's not small numbers can move it around a 0.02, but I think with increased growth, increased efficiency, better conversion of the assets more as suppose in generating this average 58 basis points is how you bounce between the sort of 20 -- what did we say 24 to 30 range -- 26 to 30. Depending on the environment, I mean, we've started the strong that probably helps the point of that held up, there you go.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Your line is now open.
Devin Ryan: Thanks, good morning. First question just want to come back to some of the questions on organic growth and I liked the slide nine that shows $8 trillion in assets held away, essentially making the point that you already have the customer reach. And so I'm just trying to think about whether you view kind of all of that is potential wallet that you can go after or set another way. Are there any products that maybe you don't line up with $8 trillion, and then as the firm becomes more connected through technology, which I think you guys have done a great job over the past couple of years? How do you think about your strategies to connect with greater percentage of that you call it $8 trillion. I know every business has a little bit of a different, call it sales process, but are there new strategies or even financial incentives that you can think about to really accelerate the penetration into that?
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. I'll give that a crack and we're not naive. We don't expect to have a 100% of the wallet of all of our clients. So clearly, we don't expect them to bring in all 8 trillion over time, but there is significant overlap as you note in these channels and in these wealth figures. We continue as you saw through the net new assets as James mentioned, a lot of that was from existing customers consolidating their assets. A lot of that is being driven by the technology that we've made and the investments that we've made in the platform that help our advisors advise their clients. And we've seen people bring in more assets. So I think if you think about the opportunity set, I think we tried to line it up pretty well through the different channels on the workplace. I think it's really around retaining cash and retaining vested assets. And then over time growing the relationships, self-directed at a minimum, we've seen people leaving the E*TRADE platform as their needs got more sophisticated and they needed advice. We're clearly going to capture that top part of the funnel with the FA led model that we have. So again, a real opportunity and I liked the way you described it, just look at the numbers 2.5 million households, almost 5 million participants in 6.7 million households, the breadth and reach of the platform is quite large and there is some overlap there, but it's still over 10 million clients that we can provide incremental services or bring in more assets from. In terms of good activity, as you can imagine, we are collecting and analyzing data and working with our clients to try to figure out incremental needs and services and products that they need with the E*TRADE acquisition we bring on, incremental digital capabilities, and as you can imagine this year, we're spending the year trying to figure out and piloting ways that we can work better and more efficiently with our clients. We're going to pilot around lead generation, we've defined the advisor group who is going to work with new clients, got scoring systems, we've got artificial intelligence, trying to help predict what people are going to want and need, and next best action. So it's really a culmination of all the investments that we made, plus the digital from wealth and we're going to use this year to try to get a very good understanding of our client base with these pilots and how we can provide incremental services going forward.
Devin Ryan: Okay, terrific. Thanks, Jon. Just a follow-up here just on the core expense structure and trying to think about some of the benefits of 2020 with the pandemic that were deflationary, it would seem that some of those benefits roll-off. There's some inflationary aspects in the 2021, kind of in a core basis. But longer-term, obviously I think we've learned a lot about the businesses through the past 12 months and opportunities potentially to derive some longer-term savings, or maybe core deflation in the expense structure. So I'm just, love to get some thoughts around how you guys are thinking about areas or opportunities to maybe drive more expense out of the system based on what you've learned over the last 12 months?
Jonathan Pruzan: Yes, I would say we're still learning; crisis is not over. We clearly are hopeful around the rollout of the vaccine. I think there are going to be some takeaways around some of the digital client experiences that we've been able to do the work from home that we've been able to do, but I think it's little early to start making those decisions. Let's get through the crisis first.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Carrier with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Michael Carrier: Good morning, and thanks for taking the question. The strategic update and growth outlook are always helpful, just on the efficiency ratio, given the 70% level in '20 and realized strong revenues in this environment, but E*TRADE and Eaton Vance operating at a better ratio, I think it's longer-term Wealth Management margin improving maybe 600 basis points, just what drives the conservative outlook like, are there areas that you want to assess significantly, either to continue to drive the growth, or there is potential improvement on that 70%?
James Gorman: Listen, I think we said under 70%, after two years. So, I don't think that's conservative. We were -- Mike, we're at 79%, just a few years ago. And when I started, we were much higher. So the long-term position is we'll run this place with a 30% margin plus, what happens in the next two years with the bounce around the markets, I don't know, maybe we're too conservative in the short run, but it doesn't change our behavior, I guess is what I would tell you, we are very determined right, this company for growth and for efficiency and for return. So it's been unambiguous for a decade now. So it doesn't change our behavior at all. It's just what do we think as reasonable people you should expect at a minimum to achieve in this time period. And that's what we try and put in the two-year period, the longer-term we're much more aggressive, but it was relative two years this year, as I said, if you annualize the way this year started up we'll do better than the efficiency rate.
Michael Carrier: Yes, that makes sense. Jon, just one clarification on the wealth management, you gave a lot of numbers on the outlook just given the E*TRADE deal, I just wanted to clarify on the funding benefit, did you say 80% in '21 and most of that by 2Q. And then same thing on the expense synergy, I heard a 25% and a 40%. So I just wanted to make sure I had the right number in terms of what you're recognizing in '21? Thanks.
Jonathan Pruzan: I think all those numbers that you gave are correct. The funding synergies are really from this transition from the off balance sheet, the on balance sheet and the run-off of the wholesale deposits. So again, that use more towards the back half in that, 80% that's when you get into the second quarter, you'll be using a quarter number, not a full-year benefit number, and then 25% on costs and approximately 40% on the integration costs. Also, yes, those are the right numbers.
Michael Carrier: Got it, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Sigee with BNP Paribas. Your line is now open. If your line is muted, please unmute.
Jeremy Sigee: Sorry, apologies for that. I thought the comments on net interest income outlook and wealth management were very helpful. And I just wondered if I could get you to talk in a similar way about the asset management fees and the transaction revenues in wealth management because versus my estimates, I thought asset management was a bit below maybe that's a lag with the rising AUM, but obviously transaction revenues were very strong. So, could you talk about those two revenue drivers within wealth management, please?
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. On the assessment management fees line, obviously the exit rate, as you know we get the benefit now for the full year of the $1.5 trillion in fee-based assets have average effect and exit effect in terms of 2021. So now, at $1.5 trillion asset, we also have the benefit of the net new assets that we bring in over 2021. Though on an average basis, we would expect continued growth obviously in that line. We had over 10% year-over-year in that asset management fees. And then on transactional, it's really going to around client engagement and client activity levels. Fourth quarter, we benefited from elevated transactional. I did say that that was helped by the DCP number which presumably may or may not repeat next year. But that the margin on that revenue, as we have talked about in the past, is virtually zero. And so, transactional generally has been declining. We now have the E*TRADE platform inside Morgan Stanley, so the commissions based on their options trading as well as some of the flow dynamics will aid that number. So, it will be at a new level. But generally that's going to be driven by volume-related activity. And we'll have to see how it plays out recognizing the first 11 days of have been pretty good.
Jeremy Sigee: Thank you. And just to follow up on the acquisition expenses. You sort of break out the amounts of acquisition related expenses in here, I just wondered if you could talk to us about the split between sort of restructuring and also ratio of intangibles? You said you are going to be amortizing the intangibles. I just wondered about the amounts of that and where we see it.
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. Well, I'll just give you a few. So -- again, we issued $11 billion of equity or about $230 million shares, generated $7.5 billion of goodwill and intangibles. You'll see that in the first couple of pages of the supplement. Of that goodwill and intangibles, about $3 billion is going to be amortized at a rough rate of about 15 years, so about $200 million. And that would be allocated in the non-comps in the wealth segment.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jim Mitchell with Seaport Global Securities. Your line is now open.
Jim Mitchell: Hi, good morning. Maybe we could talk a little bit the momentum at E*TRADE. I just want to confirm the numbers. If I looked at their second quarter sort of retail client base is around $5.8 million self-directed clients. And then I think in December, the fourth quarter was up to $6.7 million. Are those apples to apples? And if so, that implies quite a bit of net new account growth of close to 900,000. That's pretty good momentum. And just maybe you could discuss what's driving that and how you feel about that going forward?
Jonathan Pruzan: Yes. I mean I think we tried to lay that out. As I said on page seven, you can see what pre closing -- so, the September 30 number shows the self-directed assets within Morgan Stanley before the deal closed. So, yes, the growth has really been in the E*TRADE channel. Your number of about 900,000 is accurate. Again I think from our disclosure going forward, we had to conform sort of definitions and whatnot, but they have had real strong growth with new clients given the activity level this year. It's a number you'll be able to track whether the self-directed channel is growing through that number going forward. I don't think we're going to be explicitly disclosing net new clients within the self-directed channel as we try to integrate and bring these two businesses together.
Jim Mitchell: Right, I imagine that's better growth than anticipated. Does that give you even more confidence in the revenue synergies from E*TRADE?
Jonathan Pruzan: Yes.
James Gorman: Yes and yes.
Jim Mitchell: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-08-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Eaton Vance Corp. Third Fiscal Quarter Earnings Conference call and Webcast. At this time, all participants lines are on mute. Please be advised that today's call is being recorded. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to your speaker today, Eric Senay, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Eric Senay: Thank you. And good morning. And welcome to our fiscal 2020 third quarter earnings call and webcast. With me this morning are Tom Faust, Chairman and CEO of Eaton Vance, as well as our CFO, Laurie Hylton. In today's call, we will first comment on the quarter and then take your questions. As always, the full earnings release and charts we will refer to during the call are available on our website, eatonvance.com, under the heading Investor Relations. Today's presentation contains forward-looking statements about our business and financial results. The actual results may differ materially from those projected due to risks and uncertainties in our business, including, but not limited to, those discussed in our SEC filings. These filings including our 2019 annual report and Form 10-K are available on our website or upon request at no charge. I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Faust Jr.: Good morning and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Since we reported our second quarter earnings results in late May, our business, our employees and the communities in which we live and work have continued to be significantly impacted by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Nearly all of our staff continues to work remotely. And that remains our expectations through at least the balance of this year.  Our employees have adapted quite effectively to working from home with minimal disruption to day to day operations and high levels of client service being maintained throughout the pandemic period.  The strength and resilience of our business in this difficult environment is testament to the adaptability and commitment of our employees across the company, for which I remain deeply grateful.  Since the sharp market sell off in March, the stimulus actions of governments around the globe and visible progress advancing the development of effective COVID-19 vaccines and therapeutics have fueled a recovery in financial markets. Over the course of our third fiscal quarter ending in July, we regained $39.4 billion of the $43.6 billion of managed assets that we lost to market price declines in the previous quarter. While the pandemic is far from over, markets are increasingly willing to bet that the worst is behind us and the economic recovery will continue.  Earlier today, we reported adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.82 for the third quarter of fiscal 2020, up 3% from $0.80 of adjusted earnings per diluted share in the second quarter of fiscal 2020 and down 7% from $0.88 of adjusted earnings per diluted share in the third quarter of fiscal 2019.  On a GAAP basis, we reported a loss of $0.01 per diluted share in the third quarter of fiscal 2020, reflecting a $0.90 per diluted share reduction in the carrying value of our position in 49% owned Hexavest, together with $.07 per diluted share of income and gains on seed capital investments in consolidated CLO entities and other items that we exclude from our adjusted earnings calculation.  The reduction in the carrying value of our position in Hexavest reflects outflows-driven declines in Hexavest managed assets and management fee revenue, which accelerated the spring and summer following disappointing investment performance in the pandemic-related March market sell-off.  Throughout its history dating back to 2004, Hexavest has employed a value-leaning preservation of capital oriented investment style that typically generates its strongest relative returns during periods of market weakness.  Unfortunately for Hexavest, this year's market decline did not follow the usual pattern as value stocks significantly lagged growth stocks, both during the sell-off and in the market recovery to date. Reflecting net outflows of $2.7 billion during our third fiscal quarter, Hexavest closed the quarter with managed assets of $6.8 billion. That compares to managed assets of $11 billion at the time we acquired our position in Hexavest in 2012. Peak managed assets of $17.1 billion in 2014 and $13.4 billion of managed assets at the end of our fiscal 2019 last October. While we're disappointed that recent reductions in Hexavest managed assets and management fee revenue have necessitated writing down the carrying value of our investment, we continue to believe in Hexavest investment approach and fully support the company's management. Hexavest business remains solid and secure, and their talented investment team continues to engage actively in the markets, seeking to deliver value for their clients.  Turning to our core operating results. We ended the third quarter of fiscal 2020 with $507 billion of consolidated assets under management, up 9% from the end of the previous quarter.  Across our investment mandate reporting categories, increases in managed assets range from a high of 12% for fixed income and 10% for Parametric custom portfolios to a low of 3% for alternative assets and floating rate income. In the third quarter, we had $2.7 billion of consolidated net inflows or $1.2 billion excluding Parametric overlay services.  The quarter's net flows were driven primarily by fixed income mandates, open-end funds and individual separate accounts.  Annualized internal growth for the quarter was 2%, as measured both in terms of consolidated managed assets and consolidated management fee revenue. That represents a sharp recovery from the prior quarters annualized internal growth in managed assets of minus 7% and annualized internal growth in management fee revenue of minus 6%.  Flow results generally improved as the quarter progressed, with July showing 13% annualized internal growth in managed assets or 4% excluding Parametric overlay services.  Looking at our third quarter flow results by investment mandate reporting category, fixed income net inflows for the quarter totaled $4.5 billion, which equates to annualized internal growth of 29%.  Within fixed income, the largest contributor to fund net inflows were our category-leading Eaton Vance short duration government income fund, with net inflows of $1.7 billion, high yield bond and municipal income mutual funds, each with approximately $650 million of net inflows and emerging market local debt bonds with $300 million of net inflows.  Fixed income institutional separate accounts saw over $1 billion of net inflows in the quarter, led by cash management, high yield bond and emerging market local debt mandates.  For the fiscal year-to-date, managed assets in our emerging market local debt strategies have increased 54% to over $2.2 billion, reflecting strong performance of our two five star rated mutual funds in this category, Eaton Vance Emerging Markets Local Income Fund and Eaton Vance Emerging Markets Debt Opportunities Funds, as well as initial success attracting intermediary and institutional clients in offshore markets.  Turning to equities, Calvert Equity strategies contributed nearly $800 million of net inflows in the third quarter. For the fiscal year-to-date, flows into Calvert Equity strategies have totaled more than $2.7 billion, generating 27% annualized internal growth in managed assets for the nine months.  Calvert Equity Fund and Calvert Small Cap Funds each contributed nearly $200 million of inflows in the third quarter, with Calvert Emerging Markets Fund and Calvert International Equity Fund together contributing nearly $175 million of additional net inflows in the quarter.  EBM equity strategies generated approximately $200 million of net inflows in the third fiscal quarter, driven primarily by privately offered funds and our Eaton Vance Investment Counsel wealth management business.  Atlanta Capital had equity net outflows of nearly $100 million in the third quarter as net inflows into their large cap growth and select equity strategies were offset by $420 million of net outflows from the Eaton Vance Atlanta Capital SMID-Cap Fund, their largest mutual fund, which has been closed to new investors since April 2018.  With net outflows since the fund's closure now totaling approximately $1.6 billion, the fund's board of trustees voted earlier this week to reopen the fund to new investors effective September 30.  The portfolio team at Atlanta Capital views it as a particularly opportune time to invest in the types of high quality stocks in which the fund specializes as these stocks have moved to attractive relative valuations.  Parametric had $3.1 billion of net outflows from equity mandate in the third fiscal quarters. This reflects the termination of a single $1.7 billion institutional covered call writing mandate and $1.6 billion of performance-related net outflows from Parametric systematic emerging market equity strategies during the quarter.  Parametric systematic EME strategies apply a modified equal weighting approach to country allocation that results in a structural underweighting to the China market, which has been a performance leader among the emerging markets over recent periods. The quarter-end managed assets in parametric systematic EME strategies consisted of $1.5 billion of US mutual fund AUM and $2.6 billion of offshore private fund and institutional separate account mandates.  Turning to floating rate income. Net outflows for the third fiscal quarter were just under $600 million, a significant improvement from nearly $3.2 billion of net outflows in the preceding quarter.  After a steep down draft in March, bank loan prices have now recovered most of the way back to pre-pandemic levels. With the recovery in loan prices, activity in the CLO market has also resumed. In July, we successfully placed a new CLO entity that closed earlier this week, which will contribute $450 million to our fourth quarter net flows. In our alternative asset mandate reporting category, net outflows improved sequentially from nearly $700 million in the second fiscal quarter to less than $50 million in the third fiscal quarter. The improved flow results are attributable primarily to reduced net outflows from our two global macro absolute return strategies, for which combined net outflows were under $50 million in the third fiscal quarter versus over $650 million in the prior quarter.  Net flows into our global macro absolute return strategies and alternative asset mandates as a whole turned positive for the month of July.  Parametric overlay services had $1.5 billion of net inflows in the third quarter of fiscal 2020 compared to $6.5 billion of net outflows in the prior fiscal quarter. Clients gains and loss contributed $750 million of net inflows in the third quarter versus $600 million in the prior quarter.  Changes in positions held by continuing overlay clients contributed $750 million of net inflows for the third quarter, greatly improved from $7 billion of net outflows from continuing clients in the second fiscal quarter.  Consistent with prior market downturns, we've seen continuing clients increasingly put back on their overlay positions as markets have recovered. After three straight months of net reductions in positions held by continuing overlay clients, net flows from continuing clients swung to the positive in June and improved further in July. With a $4 billion pipeline of new overlay clients expected to onboard in the fourth quarter and the prospect of continuing net inflows from existing clients, our overlay services business is poised for a very strong close to the fiscal year. Parametric custom portfolios had $470 million of net outflows in the third fiscal quarter, which reflects continuing positive flow results for Custom Core equity and ladder fixed income individual separate accounts, offset by outflows from institutional and subadvisory mandates.  What we sometimes refer to as custom beta individual separate accounts, which includes Parametric Custom Core equity plus municipal and corporate bond ladders, had $1.9 billion of net inflows for the quarter, which equates to 7% annualized internal growth in managed assets. The decline from $2.8 billion of net inflows and 9% internal growth annualized in the prior quarter primarily reflects the withdrawal by a single ultra-high net worth Custom Core client of $700 million to fund a major charitable contribution. Within parametric custom portfolios, institutional and subadvisory mandates had aggregate net outflows of $2.1 billion in the third quarter, which compares to $650 million of net outflows in the preceding quarter. These net outflows reflect negative flow results for the underlying third-party managed investment strategies, unrelated to Parametric's role there as implementation manager.  We continue to view customized individual separate accounts as a leading long-term trend in asset management and an open ended market opportunity in which Parametric is positioned for continued dominance.  We recently announced the extension of the Parametric Custom Core franchise to include, for the first time, index-based fixed income strategies. Parametric Custom Core fixed income seeks to provide advisors and their clients with exposure to the fixed income markets they select, combining the benefits of index-based portfolio construction, active credit oversight, and direct ownership of securities.  Like Custom Core equity portfolios, Custom Core fixed income can be customized to reflect each client's individual responsible investment criteria and other desired portfolio tilts and exclusions to incorporate the client's preexisting securities holdings and to harvest tax losses on a year round systematic basis. Similar to our laddered bond separate account, Custom Core fixed income portfolios combined the rules-based approach to portfolio construction, with active credit oversight and available tax management. Different from laddered bond portfolios, Custom Core fixed income accounts seek to provide market exposures that approximate a client-specified fixed income index or combination of indexes.  Beyond Custom Core equities and fixed income, we see broadly-ranging future opportunities for Parametric custom separate accounts across multi-asset portfolios, applications combining active and passive management, and customized individual target date and target risk portfolios. The future remains very bright for Parametric custom portfolios.  In June, we announced the launch of Calvert ESG Research Leader Strategies, a new series of equity separate account offerings for institutional and individual investors. These strategies invest in the stock of companies with leading environmental, social and governance characteristics as determined by Calvert. Through partnership with Parametric, tax managed separate account versions of selected ESG research leaders strategies are available to serve taxpaying investors.  We also announced in June the creation of the Calvert Institute for Responsible Investing, an affiliated research institute dedicated to driving positive change by advancing understanding and promoting best practices and responsible investing.  Since we acquired the business assets of Calvert's predecessor company at the end of 2016, Calvert's managed assets have more than doubled, reaching $24.7 billion at the end of the third quarter of fiscal 2020. With $3.4 billion of net inflows into Calvert fund and separate accounts over the past nine months, Calvert has realized 23% annualized internal growth in managed assets for the fiscal year-to-date.  Among dedicated responsibly invested mutual funds, Calvert is far and away the market leader in terms of net inflows over the past 3 and 12 months, and ranks second currently in total assets under management. The strength of Calvert's brand as a long-term leader in responsible investing, combined with strong investment performance, and Eaton Vance's leading distribution presence in the US intermediary channel has proven to be a winning formula for Calvert. We see much more growth for Calvert in the quarters and years ahead.  During the third quarter, we announced the signing of a definitive agreement to acquire the assets of WaterOak Advisors, a wealth management firm headquartered in Winter Park, Florida, with approximately $2 billion of client assets under management. With a shared focus on high touch client service and a commitment to long-term relationships, the combination of WaterOak and Eaton Vance Investment Counsel will strengthen our position in private wealth management, which is an important strategic priority, and allow us to develop a much larger business serving high net worth individuals and families in Florida and throughout the southeast.  Looking ahead to our fourth fiscal quarter, we are optimistic that the business momentum we saw building over the course of the third quarter will continue to accelerate. We entered the fourth quarter with managed assets and run rate management fees well above third quarter average levels.  Net flows across our business have been quite strong over the month of August, with overall net flows, both with and without Parametric overlay services, back in the range of what we saw in our first fiscal quarter before the pandemic hit.  We have a robust pipeline of new business to fund in the fourth quarter, including the $450 million CLO that closed earlier this week and $800 million institutional high-yield mandates scheduled to fund in early October, approximately $700 million of Custom Core equity separate accounts in the pipeline, and over $5 billion of institutional portfolio overlay and LDI mandates scheduled to fund before the end of October.  Reopening the Eaton Vance Atlanta Capital SMID-Cap Fund, our largest mutual fund, to new investors after a two-and-a-half year hiatus should also contribute positively to the favorable flow trends we expect to continue.  We believe there is considerable reason for optimism about the growth and performance of our business over the balance of fiscal 2020 and beyond.  That concludes my prepared remarks. I will now turn the call over to Laurie. 
Laurie Hylton: Thank you. And good morning. As Tom described, we reported adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.82 for the third quarter fiscal 2020, up 3% from $0.80 in the second quarter of fiscal 2020 and down 7% from $0.88 in the third quarter of fiscal 2019.  As you can see in attachment 2 to our press release, adjusted earnings exceeded earnings under US GAAP by $0.83 per diluted share in the third quarter fiscal 2020, reflecting the reversal of the $100.5 million impairment loss recognized on the company's investment in our 49% owned affiliate, Hexavest, the reversal of $8.5 million of net gains of consolidated investment entities and our other seed capital investments, the add back of $1.6 million of management fees and expenses of consolidated investment entities, and the reversal of $0.2 million of net excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation awards.  Adjusted earnings exceeded earnings under US GAAP by $0.15 per diluted share in the second quarter fiscal 2020, reflecting the reversal of $16.8 million of net losses of consolidated investment entities and other seed capital investments, the add back of $1.8 million management fees and expenses of consolidated investment entities, and the reversal of $1.1 million of net excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation awards.  Earnings under US GAAP exceeded adjusted earnings by $0.02 per diluted share in the third quarter of fiscal 2019, reflecting the reversal of $4.6 million of net gains of consolidated investment entities and other seed capital investments, the add back of $2.3 million of management fees and expenses of consolidated investment entities and the reversal of $0.6 million of net excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation awards.  As Tom discussed in more detail, the outflows driven decline in Hexavest managed assets and management fee revenue over recent months prompted the determination that, in the third fiscal quarter, the company's equity method investment in Hexavest [indiscernible] temporarily impaired. Accordingly, the company recognized an impairment charge of $100.5 million in the quarter to reduce the carrying value of our investment in Hexavest to $32.7 million, which is estimated fair value based on the independent appraisal. As Tom previously noted, we continue to have faith in Hexavest leadership and confidence in our investment team and approach. As shown in Attachment 2 to our press release, adjusted operating income was up 7% sequentially, down 5% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating margin was 31.6% in the third quarter fiscal 2020 compared to 30.5% in the second quarter fiscal 2020 and 32.4%. in the third quarter fiscal 2019.  Versus the prior quarter, average managed assets were up 1%. The management fee revenue increased 4%. The increase in management fee revenue exceeded the increase in average managed assets primarily due to a 2% increase in our average annualized management fee rate from 29.7 basis points in the second quarter of fiscal 2020 to 30.3 basis points in the third quarter fiscal 2020 and the impact of two more fee days in the third quarter.  Although average managed assets this quarter were up 3% from the same period last year, net management fee revenue was down 2%, reflecting a 5% decline in our average annualized management fee rate from 31.8 basis points in the third quarter of fiscal 2019 to 30.3 basis points in the third quarter of fiscal 2020. The decline in our average annualized management fee rate versus the comparative period last year was driven primarily by shifts in our business, from higher fee to lower fee mandates. Performance-based fees, which are excluded from the calculation of our average management fee rates, contributed $0.9 million, $2.5 million and $0.1 million to revenue in the third quarter fiscal 2020, the second quarter fiscal 2020 and the third quarter fiscal 2019 respectively.  Management fees earned on consolidated investment entities, which are eliminated in consolidation and excluded from the calculation of our average management fee rate, were $1.2 million, $1.3 million and $1.8 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2020, the second quarter of fiscal 2020 and the third quarter of fiscal 2019 respectively.  Turning to expenses. Compensation expense increased 5% from the second quarter of fiscal 2024, reflecting higher operating income based, investment performance based bonus accruals; higher stock-based compensation primarily driven by additional expense recognized during the third quarter in connection with employee retirements; higher salaries associated with increases in headcount, primarily parametric; the impact of two additional payroll days in the third quarter and higher benefit expenses, driven by a $1.7 million insurance reimbursement recorded last quarter. These increases were partially offset by lower sales based incentive compensation and a decrease in payroll taxes.  Compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2019, compensation costs decreased 1%, reflecting lower operating income based bonus accruals, lower sales-based incentive compensation and lower severance costs. These decreases were partially offset by a higher stock-based compensation and higher salaries and benefit expenses associated with increases in headcount, again, primarily at Parametric. Non-compensation distribution-related costs, including distribution and service fee expenses and the amortization of deferred sales commissions, were substantially unchanged from second quarter fiscal 2020 as higher private funds service fee expenses and marketing support payments were offset by lower upfront sales commission expense.  Year-over-year non-compensation distribution-related costs decreased 7%, primarily reflecting lower distribution and service fee expenses for Class A and Class C mutual fund shares, driven by lower average managed assets, lower upfront sales commissions, lower discretionary marketing expenses, and lower intermediary marketing support payments. These decreases were partially offset by increases in service fee expenses and commission amortization from private funds.  Fund-related expenses decreased 12% sequentially and 2% year-over-year, reflecting lower fund expenses borne by the company, partially offset by higher subadvisory fees due to an increase in average managed assets of subadvised funds.  Other operating expenses decreased 2% from the second quarter fiscal 2020, primarily reflecting lower travel expenses, partially offset by an increase in other corporate expenses due to a one-time charge of $1.4 million related to a reimbursement to the company sponsored funds recorded in the third quarter.  Other operating expenses increased 5% from the third quarter fiscal 2019, primarily reflecting increases in information technology spending and the above-mentioned one-time charge, partially offset by lower travel expenses.  Although we are continuing to invest in areas that are important for the future growth of the company, we are otherwise focused on tight expense management and reducing discretionary spending.  In this period of volatility, we continue to benefit greatly from the fact that more than 40% of our operating expenses are variable in nature, moving up and down with changes in operating income, managed assets or sales results.  Non-operating income expense was up $105.7 million from the second quarter of fiscal 2020, primarily reflecting an $84.2 million positive change in net gains or losses and other investment income of consolidated sponsored funds and the company's investments in other sponsored strategies, a $21 million improvement in net income or expense of consolidated CLO entities; and a $0.5 million decrease in interest expense.  Non-operating income was up $26.8 million from the third quarter of fiscal 2019, reflecting an $18.8 million increase in net gains and other investment income of consolidated sponsored funds and the company's investments in other sponsored strategies and an $8 million improvement in net income or expense of consolidated CLO entities.  Turning to taxes. The US GAAP effective tax rate was 22.6% in the third quarter of fiscal 2020, 45.3% in the second quarter of fiscal 2020 and 25.5% in the third quarter of fiscal 2019.  The company's income tax provision was reduced by net excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation awards totaling $0.2 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2020, $1.1 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2020 and $0.6 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2019. As shown in attachment 2 to our press, our calculations of adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per diluted share remove the impact of gains, losses and other investment income of consolidated investment entities and other seed capital investments add back the management fees and expenses of consolidated investment entities, exclude the effect of net excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation awards and remove the impairment loss recognized on the company's investment in Hexavest.  On this basis, our adjusted effective tax rate was 27.1% in the third quarter of fiscal 2020, 24.9% in the second quarter of fiscal 2020 and 26.4% in the third quarter of fiscal 2019. On the same adjusted basis, we estimate that our quarterly effective tax rate for the balance of fiscal 2020 and for the fiscal year as a whole will range between 26.4% and 26.9%.  In addition to the Hexavest impairment loss previously noted, equity net income of affiliates in the third quarter fiscal 2020 includes $1 million of income earned from the company's investment in Hexavest, which was partially offset by $0.8 million of losses related to the company's investment in a private equity partnership. Substantially all of equity net income of affiliates in the second quarter of fiscal 2020 and the third quarter of fiscal 2019 related to the company's investment in Hexavest.  We finished our third fiscal quarter holding $1 billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term debt securities and approximately $280.5 million in seed capital investments. We are carefully managing our cash flows during this period of heightened economic and market uncertainty to maintain our financial flexibility.  During the third quarter fiscal 2020, we used $41.2 million of corporate cash to pay the $0.375 per share of quarterly dividend we declared at the end of our previous quarter.  Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding were 111.7 million in the third quarter fiscal 2020, flat sequentially and down 2% year-over-year, primarily reflecting a decrease in the dilutive effect of in-the-money options and unvested restricted stock awards due to lower market prices of the company shares.  Fiscal discipline, tight management of discretionary spending and maintaining a strong balance sheet continue to be top financial priorities for us in these unprecedented times.  This concludes our prepared comments. At this point, we'd like to take any questions you may have. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: It looks like you had no share repurchase, I think maybe for the first time ever, at least in my model. Could you speak to maybe the thinking around that after the share price decline? Was there some sort of unique restriction this quarter? And how should we think about that going forward? 
Laurie Hylton: Hi. It's Laurie. As we were looking at this quarter and last quarter, it really has been top of mind for us to ensure that we've got financial flexibility, particularly in terms of our liquidity. And I think as we mentioned last quarter, given everything that's happening on the global stage, we felt it was prudent to cut back on our share repurchases and we just continue to look at it quarter by quarter. But again, we're really just trying to ensure that we've got the liquidity necessary to continue to grow the business. 
Patrick Davitt: And then also, just a quick follow-up. The parametric emerging markets strategy, you called out with some performance-related outflows. I think you said there was $1.5 billion and $2.6 billion left in that bucket. Should we take that to mean that you're worried that that might be AUM at risk given the performance issues? 
Thomas Faust Jr.: I think there's a reasonable chance that unless performance improves that it's an active strategy that competes against other attractive strategies in each of our businesses. If you if you can't deliver performance that exceeds benchmarks and peer groups over time, it's reasonable to expect assets to come down.  We have seen quite a bit of net outflows from that strategy. We think there's likely to be more stickiness to the assets on the mutual fund side perhaps than the non-mutual fund business. But certainly, for modeling purposes, we would assume that outflows there will continue. Ultimately, we're constrained by the amount of outflows by the assets that we have, which is down to just over $4 billion currently. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse. 
Craig Siegenthaler: I'm interested in an update on what you're seeing on the competitive landscape at Parametric and Custom Core equity. And I'm especially interested in your comments around direct indexing. 
Thomas Faust Jr.: So, there's quite a bit of, I guess, you would say noise. There have been announcements of a number of potential competitors that have interest in the space, public comments. In many ways, have been gratifying that people acknowledge that this is an area that provides value added for clients and many people perceive to have growth potential. In terms of what's happening in the marketplace as opposed to what we're hearing in announcements, there really hasn't been a meaningful change in competitive position. There's no new competitor that we're aware of that's taking significant share. We're not losing business being replaced by someone else. So, there's no evidence that any of the announcements are translating so far into changes in the competitive dynamic.  This is a business that we and many others expect will grow quite substantially over coming quarters and years. It's not a surprise that others will try and compete in this business, given the growth profile that is there.  I would say that our experience which goes back now several decades is that this is a hard business. It's not a business for dabblers, that there's a real commitment required to invest in technology, to invest in service and to invest in distribution to gain access across the markets.  So far, there haven't been any competitors that have emerged that we're worried about who check all those boxes in terms of the level of commitment and demonstrated expertise and technology and service and have similar distribution to us. But we think it will be a much bigger market. It's reasonable that there'll be more competitors. But we think that the position that Parametric has there is very solid, very strong and very secure. 
Craig Siegenthaler: And just a follow-up here. If you do see an increase in competition in direct indexing and new entrants offer comparable product at lower price points, can you comment on your ability to reduce pricing below the mid-teens, which is where I think the blended fee rate is today and still generate attractive margins?
Thomas Faust Jr.: Certainly. We have the ability to respond selectively to competitors that compete on price. We will go toe to toe with anyone in terms of the quality and the value proposition that we offer as a leader in customized indexing. Competition in this space is not new. Throughout the time that we've been growing our custom indexing business, there have been other players in the market. The profile of those competitors really hasn't changed. The nature of the competition really hasn't changed. What has happened is that as the market has grown, its visibility has increased and we're seeing more conversation. But in terms of what's happening in the marketplace, we continue to compete as appropriately on price. We see nothing to suggest that we'll see wholesale reductions in average fee rates for this business. But we're certainly making the investments in technology and service and systems that will allow us to support a much bigger business and that ultimately will allow us to lower our operating costs, so that we can achieve attractive margins even at potentially lower average fee rates. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies. 
Daniel Fannon: Just to follow-up on kind of the flows and the momentum you cited heading into the fourth quarter. If you could just clarify again, I think you said the total number will be similar to the first quarter, I think either including or excluding some of the lower fee stuff, but just want to clarify that.  And then also, does that include some of the mandates you talked about or just trying to think about what still has been funded versus what you're saying has happened in August? 
Thomas Faust Jr.: Let me clarify, Dan. So, the comment what I was trying to make is that [indiscernible] for our August to date, this would not include any of the pipeline things that I talked about. We're seeing quite strong flows that if you exclude the Parametric overlay service business, puts us, we think, on pace for the same range of flows that we saw in the first quarter. Again, that's based on quarter-to-date results through yesterday and – through the day before yesterday, I guess. That is in the range of about, I think, $1.7 billion for our non-Parametric overlay business. You multiply that by three to account for the fact that we're less than a third of the way through the quarter. And that gets you sort of in the ballpark of the $5 billion of non-overlay net flows that we had in the first quarter.  Momentum is good. That includes strong sales with fixed income continuing, positive flows for equity, positive flows for floating rate income, positive custom portfolios.  As I mentioned, we're expecting on top of that a quite strong quarter for the overlay services business where we've got meaningful amount – a couple billion dollars plus of net inflows for the quarter-to-date, plus a quite robust pipeline of new business that we're expecting to fund.  All these forecasts should be taken with a grain of salt. We're only a third of the way through the quarter. Things can happen as we saw back in March. But, certainly, we're on track for a quite strong fourth quarter in terms of flows, supported by an excellent first month of that quarter and a visible pipeline of new opportunities that we think will likely support continuing flow momentum through the balance of this month and then through September and into the end of October and the end of the fiscal year. 
Daniel Fannon: And then, Laurie, just with regards to expenses and kind of the outlook, clearly, with the revenue side looking better based on where markets and AUM sit, as we think about going into next quarter, is margin expansion from here still reasonable, given what's happening with revenue and then still some kind of operational leverage potential on some of the non-discretionary spending side? 
Laurie Hylton: I would certainly say there's always the possibility. I hesitate just given the volatility that we see in the markets to put money on anything at this point. But I do think that we're very comfortable in thinking that the year is going to be in this 31% range. I would not necessarily anticipate a significant uptick in the fourth quarter, but I do think we're very comfortable in the range that we're in. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. 
Kenneth Worthington: I'll combine everything into one. Just following up on the equity outflows this quarter, it seemed to some extent that the weakness this quarter was as much a function of weaker gross sales versus the last couple of quarters as it was for the higher gross outflows. So, can you flesh out, if you agree, the gross sales side of the equation as well? And for the follow-up on the outflows, you mentioned, I believe, it was $1.7 billion of covered calls and the $1.6 billion of the systematic. For the covered call strategy, how do those strategies typically do in this type of market? And maybe how much is left there? And on the systematic side, you said it was performance based. I believe you called out China as the driver. Are there other issues besides exposure to China or was that really all of the issue? 
Thomas Faust Jr.: Starting with emerging market equities, systematic strategy, so they don't make market falls. So, think about this in the broad category of things as smart beta or multi-factor strategy. The premise of the fund is value added through diversification and rebalancing. The philosophy is a modified equal weighting approach to country allocation and alpha generation by rebalancing into underperforming countries.  That worked for a very long time. It has not worked recently simply because the China market has come to dominate the emerging market indexes both in terms of weighting, but also in terms of contribution to performance. So, a strategy that by design is underweight to the largest markets – in this case, China – is very much hamstrung in trying to perform in market environments which we've been in where you have sustained leadership of those largest countries in the index. So, we've had performance-related outflows. I guess you would say, in addition to the country allocation, given the rebalancing nature of the approach we take, there's an anti-momentum bias to the strategy that also has not helped during this period. But the outflows are, we think, going to abate. I highlighted that we're at $4 billion in assets. I think peak assets in this strategy were in the range of $20 billion. So, it's mostly behind us in terms of the outflows, with only a remaining $4 billion left.  How quickly we see that go away I think is anyone's guess. But we're certainly expecting based on performance that we've seen, as of current periods, still underperforming. So, we think it's reasonable to expect that outflows will continue.  A second part of the question related to the covered call writing business and what Parametric refers to as volatility, risk premium strategies that is monetizing the alpha that's created from the fact that options typically sell at a premium, where the implied volatility is typically higher than the realized volatility.  Those strategies generally perform well during trending markets when you collect your premium, but you don't get called away from the upside or have to buy in a position to avoid getting called away on the upside.  When they don't perform particularly well, as in the tight markets where there's a sharp upturn, which obviously is what we've had in the April/May period after the lows in March, so it's not surprising that we would see pressure on these strategies in market environments like this. Covered call writing is essentially trying to capture this premium that's frequently observed in the pricing of options. But it comes potentially at the cost of capping the upside in a sharply rising market. And when that happens, clients are prone to be disappointed.  After some period of clients taking off positions, I think generally we're in a mode of sort of neutrality to positive flows for our covered call writing business. So, I think that covers the second part. The third, which I don't really have information in front of me, it's like I'm going to have to guess at this. But did the quarterly flow results for equities reflect more a decline in gross sales or more an increase in redemptions? I would say – I guess I would maybe turn the question around, I guess, and say most of our business, the Calvert business had positive flows, the EBM equity business had positive flows, the Atlanta Capital business excluding the big fund there that's close to new investors had positive flows.  I would turn it around to say that the outflows that we saw in the equity category were very concentrated in the two things that I called out at Parametric. That being the covered call writing, the big institutional account that was lost there, the $1.7 billion, the emerging market equity strategies, and then the outflows from the Atlanta Capital S-MID Cap Fund, which was over $400 million.  So, in general, we feel our equity flows are good. A flash report through yesterday shows positive equity flows in the fourth quarter. And we certainly feel good about our ability to continue to grow in equities, subject to continuing pressure on that emerging market equity franchise that weighs against them. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup. 
William Katz: Maybe just a two-parter. Maybe for Laurie. Just curious, in terms of capital management, what milestones should we be looking at macro-wise or otherwise, to think about the reengagement of repurchase given your free cash flow? And then, Tom, just a big picture perspective. As you're dialoguing with both the retail and institutional gatekeepers, what are you hearing in terms of allocation decisions, just given the V-shaped recovery of equity and credit markets? Thank you. 
Laurie Hylton: We really don't have any markers that I would say to look towards. We don't have a program for share repurchases. It's a discretionary decision. We have a small committee that thinks about this every quarter, and I think that we'll be considering all the possible inputs as we move out of our blackouts. So, more to come on that, but nothing specific to look for in terms of markers. 
Thomas Faust Jr.: Bill, in terms of markets and where we're headed, first, I'm generally not too involved in those decisions with gatekeepers about asset allocation. My own market view is that the markets will likely continue to grind their way higher, given what we see as likely to be continuing positive news on the on the pandemic, particularly from a therapeutic and vaccine standpoint, more so than public health, and the likelihood that the economy will continue to be paused. It's certainly one of the things we're watching carefully, is US election and what that might imply for future tax rates, future regulatory and spending initiatives.  I think as most of our listeners are aware, we have a large business serving tax paying investors, which represent – some version of tax managed strategies represent over 40% of our assets, including municipal bond funds and tax managed equities. We're not exactly sure what's going to happen, but we certainly think that there's a reasonable prospect that, following the election, we could see an increase in tax rates, which could be a significant positive for that business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. 
Brian Bedell: A lot of good questions and answers on the Parametric. Maybe if I could just add one comment. I guess what do you make of the importance of fractional share accounting in the costume indexing business in terms of the potential competitor responses down the road? And again, going back to – obviously, your business has performed very well and you have a leading position in this business, but going forward, if it's not competing on pricing, what other growth angles within the Parametric business, I guess, would you point to [indiscernible]?
Thomas Faust Jr.: We compete primarily in high net worth markets for Parametric custom portfolios. For Custom Core equities, the account minimum at most places, I believe, is $250,000. So, the impact of fractional shares for someone that's putting to work $250,000 is pretty minimal.  There is the opportunity with fractional shares, and you've been reading about these, to do less customized or even non-customized direct indexing based strategies, which to us is not a particularly interesting product or interesting market, our perspective is that the value here is in the customization. And the cost of delivering customization is the service that's required. And to deliver customized accounts and high levels of service at the kinds of fee rates we're talking about and account minimums we're talking about is hard. And we're making investments in technology to put us in a position to continue to be a leader in doing that.  But I would say, broadly, the impact of fractional shares, while it will make it easier for us and other competitors potentially to go down market, the real name of the game here is customization. The primary value added for most investors, not all, but most, is tax efficiency, which is a concern primarily at higher tax rates.  We do see the business evolving in significant ways. I highlighted the fact that we've introduced Custom Core indexed products on the fixed income side. We certainly see lots of opportunity for product innovation down the road in terms of enhancing the features that we offer, expanding the array of capabilities, so that it's not just index based, but it's index plus active. It's not just equity or not just fixed income, but a combination of both. And then, very interesting applications potentially down the road in terms of target date or target risk, all customized to the individual.  So, we think there's lots of room here for lots of different ideas. The value added that we provide, again, is customization and service, primarily for higher net worth investors, primarily with the significant value add being tax. And some of the things that we're hearing about really just not relevant to that market and that market opportunity as we see it.
Brian Bedell: And then, maybe a follow-up. Just on your perspective on the active ETF industry, now that we've got a number of ETFs live in the industry, I know you filed an amendment for the clear hedge strategy with the SEC, maybe just to comment on, I guess, the status on that and how you think that maybe conversations with potential users of the clear hedge strategy. And then, broadly, the potential for you guys to license active ETFs or create them under a proxy portfolio structure for your own funds. 
Thomas Faust Jr.: We remain very interested, very close to the space, as you point out. We did file a second amended application with the SEC for our clear hedge method of what we call portfolio protected ETFs. I'm going to call it less transparent of active ETFs. We filed that last month. You can read that as indicative of positive constructive dialogue with the SEC staff. We certainly can't predict when or ultimately what they will decide, but we certainly feel good about the dialogue that we're engaged in there and are hopeful we'll get a – ultimately get a positive result.  The competitive landscape is really just beginning to emerge. I think there's five different concepts that have been approved by the SEC. We hope to be the sixth. Our business model here would include licensing our technology to others. We hope to compete on the basis of offering the highest level of assurance of strong secondary market trading, consistent with not having to disclose portfolio holdings or significant representative proxy portfolio on a daily basis.  So, we think we've got a very competitive mousetrap. This market is starting to develop based on the assets and flow numbers that I've seen. And we certainly want to have a place in that.  Like the other approved applications, our application, at least initially, is limited to cash and exchange-traded securities that trade during US market hours. So, think of that as US equities and US ETFs and Canadian and perhaps other markets that trade during the same timeframe as the US. So, it would be limited in that respect initially, which we think – frankly, quite reasonably, the SEC says, let's see what how this works for this asset class before we consider other asset classes. But we're very hopeful, very optimistic that, ultimately, this class of products and our application and our technology in particular will see application across all asset classes. And so, we continue to be very much optimistic about the future of actively managed exchange-traded products based on the potential enhancement in operating efficiency, trading convenience and tax efficiency versus ETFs.  And so, while we have a long heritage in the mutual fund industry, we are very committed to the development of customized individual separate accounts as an enhanced way for investors to invest in an array of strategies. And then, similarly invested in less transparent ETFs or portfolio protected ETFs as a way to do similar things through a fund vehicle with structural advantages versus a traditional mutual fund concept. 
Brian Bedell: And just for licensing your own funds, would you more likely use a proxy model that's out there already or, let's say, the [indiscernible] model and then apply the clear hedge to the proxy?
Thomas Faust Jr.: No, we would be using our model as an alternative to the – think of clear hedge as a sixth approach, not something that would be an add-on to one of the other approaches.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Carrier with Bank of America. 
Michael Carrier: Tom, overall, the flow outlook looks promising. I just wanted to get an update on how you're seeing demand shift in the floating rate category and then if there was anything unusual and strange in the fixed income this quarter.  And then, just a small clarification as a follow-up, I think you mentioned one or two funds reopening. I caught one was Atlantic Capital, but I wasn't sure if there was another one that you mentioned as well. 
Thomas Faust Jr.: The only fund we have that's reopening is the Atlanta Capital S-MID Cap Fund, which is an important milestone for us. It is our largest and, I guess, by that measure, most popular fund and it's got a real strong following. And because it's been closed, we've seen fairly significant net outflows. I think I said $420 million in the quarter. So, once that's reopened, I would hope, at a minimum, we can stop the net outflows and potentially get that fund back into a growth mode again. It's not an open ended opportunity. We're potentially looking at closing it again, if we get significant net inflows. But at a minimum, we're hoping to abate the outflows there.  In terms of bank loans, it's an interesting position we're in currently. We are, I just said, modestly to the positive in terms of our bank loan flows for the month of August today through Monday of this week. But it's pretty small, positive, but closer to zero than some meaningful number. That does not include the CLO that I talked about as a big price this week. So, we're thinking that we've kind of bottomed out. We had a very rough quarter in the second quarter in terms of bank loan flows.  Yields here are pretty attractive. And I just checked this morning. The yield on our unlevered floating rate fund is about 3.6%. The modestly levered version is at 4.4%. And the version that has allocation to high yield is at 3.8%. Those are pretty attractive yields for a floating rate product in today's marketplace. Obviously, you've got to be comfortable taking credit risk because that's a component of this asset class. These are below investment grade securities.  But if people are generally getting comfortable that we've seen the worst in the economy and you look at what kinds of yields are available in other instruments and you start to worry – at least some people do worry – about the possibility that loan rates could be moving up and we may have hit the bottom in terms of where those are, you start to build an environment in which falling rate bank loans could be, again, an attractive asset class.  Our history in this business, which goes back to 1989, is that it's a business of cyclical growth, in which our pattern has been over market cycles. We typically hit a new high in assets and then people's rate expectations change and we see outflows or people get concerned about credit and we see outflows.  But we see nothing about our industry position or about the fundamental attractiveness of the asset class to suggest that we can't again regain the former highs in managed assets, which were in the, I think, mid-40s billions of dollars. So, that's not going to happen overnight, but we certainly think that we're in the bottoming stage or we're maybe coming out of the bottoming stage and are hopeful that we'll see an improvement in flows. But it's not happening yet. The good flows that we've had for August have been much more driven by fixed income as opposed to floating rate income with continued very healthy flows for our short duration government income fund, for our high yield strategies and for our muni strategies being the primary drivers of our income products flows.  The nice thing about bank loans is it's not a negative currently in the same way that it was a significant negative in the second quarter and a modest negative in the third quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Robert Lee with KBW.
Jeffrey Drezner: Hi. This is actually Jeff Drezner on for Rob Lee. Thanks for taking my question. I've got a question. I was curious about the – if you can give us an update on the potential acquisitions, you see things accelerating, where your focus might be on that? 
Thomas Faust Jr.: We highlighted in my prepared remarks that we announced an acquisition of a $2 billion wealth manager in Florida called WaterOak Advisors. We announced it, I think, last month, and would hope to close that before the end of the year.  You should take that as a signal that we continue to be interested in expanding in wealth management. We're approaching $10 billion in managed assets there, including WaterOak after that transaction is closed, which is a meaningful sized competitor in the wealth management space and think that we have a lot to offer there and we'll look for other ways to grow there.  Other things that we find potentially interesting and where we continue to have conversations include private credit, which we view as a potentially highly complementary to our strong industry position and capabilities in the public credit markets through bank loans and high yield bonds. So, those are maybe two areas of focus.  We continue to look for opportunities to grow our platform in responsible investing, particularly if we can do that outside the United States. Calvert is today primarily a US brand that, in an ideal world, we could grow our presence in responsible investing outside the United States. So, those are some of the things we're looking at. 
Jeffrey Drezner: And then, just another one on the muni ladder. In terms of the low rate environment, how do you see the demand for those and the outlook?
Thomas Faust Jr.: That is frankly a challenge that, for investment grade muni ladders, there's just not a whole lot of yield available at current interest rates. One of the things we've been looking to do and are in the process of potentially bringing to market is a separate account product that includes a sleeve allocated to high yield muni issuance or corporate issuance for corporate ladders. That brings up the yield and does it in a diversified – an appropriately diversified way. So, it would be owning as a part of a ladder or a separate account structure, a sleeve dedicated to a diversified portfolio of higher yielding assets with the goal to bring up the overall income level for the portfolio in a managed controlled risk way. 
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore. 
Glenn Schorr: Tom, I wanted to ask a little follow-up on your comments earlier, given tax managed importance to your overall AUM base. And I'm with you between the election and the huge stimulus that it's a good chance tax rates are going up at some point. So, the question is, what can you do to prepare either educating the clients, educating the wealth management channel? And is the post-election tax cut any indication in reverse of what we might see – how big of an opportunity do you see a higher tax rate environment across your platform? 
Thomas Faust Jr.: We've gone through this a few times. We've had a focus on tax managed equities and muni bonds for several decades now. And so, we've seen multiple cycles of rates going up and rates going down. So, we have some historical perspective on how this might play out.  There is certainly a lot of interest in the topic, and it's been a major focus of our communication efforts to talk about the importance of investment taxes. For a number of years, we used to do surveys of investors, asking about their thoughts on investment in taxes, and the results were always very consistent, which is that many investors appreciate the importance of taxes, but very few of them would say they understand what's involved. And increasingly, they look to their financial advisors as the source of information and guidance on tax efficient investing. And we think a great way for advisors to work with clients and add value, is providing information and solutions to help address concerns about taxes that they're going to be paying. So, we've done a lot of that over the years.  If you go to our website and look at our marketing materials, we have a fair bit on there about taxes. We have a calculator which – you enter where you live and what your filing status is and what your taxable income is and you can calculate what your current tax rate is. We're looking at expanding that, so that you can do a pro forma tax rate based on assumptions about where tax rates go.  But for us, it's a great way to get in front of advisors to help them educate their clients and demonstrate their expertise on something where clients know they need help on, know they need advice on.  Exactly how that plays out for us in terms of what products that is or how our product lineup might change as a result of that, it's still way too early to determine what that might look like. But, certainly, superficially, municipal bonds becoming more attractive at higher interest rates, Parametric custom portfolios, tax managed investing generally becomes more attractive at higher rates. And that's very much a focus of our sales and marketing teams going into the election is to try and help position advisors to provide good advice for their clients in that environment. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Eric Senay for closing remarks. 
Eric Senay : Thank you. I've got to thank you for participating in our earning call today. And we hope everyone will stay safe and healthy. Thank you and have a good day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-05-20 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Eaton Vance Second Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Conference call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Eric Senay. Please go ahead.
Eric Senay: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to our fiscal 2020 second quarter earnings call and webcast. With me this morning are Tom Faust, Chairman and CEO of Eaton Vance; as well as our CFO, Laurie Hylton. In today's call, we will first comment on the quarter and then take your questions. As always, the full earnings release and charts we will refer to during the call are available on our website eatonvance.com under the headline Investor Relations. Today's presentation contains forward-looking statements about our business and financial results. The actual results may differ materially from those projected due to risks and uncertainties in our business, including but not limited to, those discussed in our SEC filings. These filings including our 2019 Annual Report and Form 10-K are available on our website or upon request at no charge. I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Faust: Good morning and thank you for joining the call. Amid the continuing COVID-19 pandemic, I want to start by offering my sincere best wishes for good health to each of you and your families. Over recent months, we've seen a tragic loss of human life in nearly every country around the world, as well as massive disruption to the global economy and the world's financial markets. We see genuine heroism displayed by the countless healthcare workers, first responders and other essential service providers who are putting themselves in harm's way serving others. All of us at Eaton Vance are deeply grateful for their service. In recognition of the sacrifices of the COVID-19 heroes, and the suffering of those experiencing ill health or economic hardship due to the pandemic, the company and our employees have contributed $1 million to support COVID-19 relief efforts in our communities and around the world. In this challenging period Eaton Vance’s primary concern are the health and safety of our employees and their families, the resilience of our business and serving the needs of our clients and business partners each and every day. Over the last couple of months, the creativity, adaptability and teamwork of our staff have been put to good use meeting the challenges of operating amid a pandemic. Since the middle of March, nearly all Eaton Vance employees have been working from home, connecting with each other and our clients and business partners chiefly through video technology. While not the same as being together physically, our businesses function seamlessly. We've not experienced any notable disruptions due to operational issues, loss of communication capabilities, technology failure or cyber attacks.  Throughout a period of heavy account activity and highly volatile markets, our trading and operations team have consistently kept up with unprecedented demand even while working from home. We don't take these successes for granted and recognize that our ability to respond to changing market conditions is a tribute to the planning and hard work of our technology and operations teams, the commitment and discipline of our employees as a whole and the strength of our corporate culture. Our resiliency is also a testament to the stability and longevity of our relationships with critical operations and distribution business partners and the benefits of the workforce, where turnover is low and working relationships are long established. From a distribution standpoint, our sales teams have adapted quickly to a world of virtual interactions with clients and intermediaries. With business travel shut down and in-person meetings canceled across the board, we are leveraging digital communications tools to remain connected. We have dialed up our digital engagement with financial advisors and consultants, increasing the frequency of calls, webinars and blog posts. We increased the update frequency of our popular Monthly Market Monitor to weekly in order to help clients and business partners stay abreast with the markets and stay informed about Eaton Vance strategies. And we are leveraging the Eaton Vance Advisor Institute to provide financial advisors with invaluable advice for connecting with clients in these unprecedented times. Financially, Eaton Vance's longstanding commitment to maintaining a strong balance sheet and ample liquidity has been well awarded. As of April 30th, we had over $950 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term income investments, $300 million of available capacity on our corporate credit facility and no debt maturing until 2023. Over the course of the quarter, we successfully demonstrated our ability to generate incremental liquidity if needed, and continue to closely monitor our financial resources on a daily basis.  In terms of capital management, we slowed the pace of share repurchases during the fiscal second quarter to maintain an ample supply of dry powder. During the quarter, we prioritized spending on initiatives that support future growth and create operational efficiencies. Turning to our financial results. Earlier today, we reported adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.80 for the second quarter of fiscal 2020, unchanged from the second quarter of fiscal 2019 and down 6% from $0.85 of adjusted earnings per diluted share in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. Adjusted earnings differ from our earnings under U.S. GAAP principally to remove gains and losses and other impacts of consolidated investment entities and the company's other seed capital investments. Adjusted earnings also reflect the reversal of net excess tax benefits related to the company's stock-based compensation. Combined, these adjustments added $0.15 to adjusted earnings per diluted share in the second quarter of fiscal 2020, subtracted $0.09 per diluted share in the second quarter of fiscal 2019 and subtracted $0.06 per diluted share in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. By any measure, financial markets were challenging to navigate over the first two months of our second fiscal quarter, as the full scope of the global pandemic became apparent. Between the end of January and March 31st, the U.S. equity market, as represented by the total return of the S&P 500, dropped 19.6% and was down 30.4% at the low on March 23rd. During this two month period, we lost $72.5 billion in managed assets to market price declines. In contrast, in the month of April saw market related gains in our managed assets of $28.9 billion, recovering almost 40% of the market related declines for the first two months of the quarter. We ended the second quarter of fiscal 2020 with $465.3 billion in consolidated assets under management, down 1% from a year earlier and down 10% from the end of the prior fiscal quarter. Second quarter consolidated net outflows were $9.3 billion or $2.8 billion excluding Parametric overlay services. Excluding this business, our flows fluctuated from $2.4 billion of net inflows in February to $5.4 billion in net outflows in March to $200 million of net inflows in April. Again, excluding Parametric overly services, annualized internal growth in managed assets was minus 3% for the quarter, up 7% in February, minus 16% in March and plus 1% in April. Looking at flows on the basis of managed fees -- management fees generated, our annualized internal growth in management fee revenue was minus 6% for the quarter, plus 5% in February, minus 23% in March and minus 2% in April. Besides Parametric overlay services, which I will return to in a few moments, the primary driver for net outflows in the second quarter was floating-rate income index. Floating-rate net outflows for the quarter totaled $3.2 billion, about $2.4 billion of that occurring in March, as benchmarked short-term interest rates plunged and fears of recession related credit losses escalated. While prices fell sharply, the loan market did not experience interruptions in liquidity seen in other income markets during this period. Our floating-rate net outflows for the quarter were concentrated primarily in U.S. mutual funds, with institutional and sub-advisory mandates experiencing approximately $300 million of outflows in the quarter. Although loan prices have now recovered nearly halfway back from the March lows, our loan professionals believe the asset class represents exceptional value at current levels, given the historical default and recovery experience of senior secured floating-rate loans in prior periods of economic distress. Our alternatives category had net outflows of just under $700 million in the second quarter driven by outflows from our two Global Macro Absolute Return mutual funds, and the final liquidation of the Global Macro sub-advisory account that gave notice of termination in 2019. While not insulated from event risk, our global macro strategies offer the potential for generating returns that are substantially uncorrelated to U.S. equity and bond market returns, which can be especially appealing in an environment of high economic uncertainty. In equities, a continuing highlight of our business is the strong growth of Calvert which contributed $1.1 billion to equity net inflows in the second quarter, and $1.9 billion in the first half of fiscal 2020. Net inflows in the Calvert equity mandates were up 85% in the first half of fiscal 2020 compared to the same period in fiscal 2019. In the second quarter Calvert equity funds had net inflows of over $400 million, Calvert Small-Cap Fund over $200 million and Calvert Emerging Markets and Calvert International Equity Funds over 100 million on a combined basis. Calvert's strong equity flows reflect both the power of the Calvert brand as a leader in responsible investment and the outstanding investment performance of the Calvert equity strategies.  As can be seen on Page 17 of the slides that accompany this call, as of April 30th, 14 Calvert equity and multi-asset funds were rated four or five stars by Morningstar for at least one class of shares, including five Calvert funds that are rated five stars. Atlanta Capital equity strategies contributed over $600 million to net inflows in the second quarter with both the Atlanta capital core equity and growth equity teams generating net inflows. Including the Calvert Equity Fund, which is managed by the Atlanta Capital growth team, net inflows into Atlanta Capital managed equities exceeded $1 billion in the second quarter. As in past periods of economic uncertainty, Atlanta Capital's brand of high quality investing holds particular appeal in the current environment. Flows into Eaton Vance management equity strategies were substantially flat, with net inflows into privately offered funds offset by outflows from other equity strategies. Parametric saw equity net outflows of $2.15 billion, driven principally by withdrawals from Parametric’s emerging markets equity strategy. This engineered strategy applies a modified equal weight approach to investing in emerging markets, seeking to benefit from diversification and rebalancing alpha.  Relative performance for the year-to-date and over longer periods have suffered from a systematic underweight in China, by far the largest constituent of emerging market indexes, and a top performer among the emerging markets over recent periods.  Turning to fixed income, second quarter net inflows of approximately $200 million were driven by high yield bonds, short-term government income and emerging market local debt mandates, and high yield both retail funds and institutional separate accounts contributed to net inflows of $600 million. We're especially pleased with the growth of our institutional high yield business, with a pipeline of new mandates expected to fund in the third fiscal quarter now totals more than $1.3 billion. Amid an extraordinarily unstable period in the municipal securities markets, our muni funds and separate accounts had approximately $600 million of net outflows. In the second quarter, Parametric custom portfolios had $1.3 billion of net inflows, led by $2.7 billion of net contributions to custom core equity separate accounts matching first quarter net inflows of this Parametric flagship offering.  Net inflows into laddered bond separate accounts across municipal and corporate mandates declined to approximately $250 million in the second quarter from $1.4 billion in the first quarter, reflecting declining interest rates and bond market turmoil.  Within Parametric custom portfolios, centralized portfolio management mandates had net outflows of $1.6 billion during the second quarter, driven primarily by client decisions to reduce their exposure to equity investments during a period of high economic uncertainty and equity market volatility. Periods of extreme market volatility like we have been experiencing create significant opportunities for Parametric to add value to custom client portfolios. Declines in securities prices enabled Parametric to harvest tax losses that can be used to offset client gains realized elsewhere in the portfolio, either currently or in the future. We continue to believe that the value proposition offered by custom separate accounts for systematic tax means remains as attractive as ever.  Turning to Parametric overlay services second quarter net outflows of $6.5 billion compared to net inflows of $1.1 billion in the first quarter. The outflows reported for this category reflect decisions by continuing clients to lower their risk of exposure by reducing their derivative overlay positions managed by Parametric. These overlays functioned exactly as intended in this period of exceptional market volatility, enabling clients to quickly and easily shift market exposures without disturbing underlying positions and security by accessing the highly liquid futures markets.  Pointing to the value of this service in the current environment is the new client relationships established during the second fiscal quarter, and the sizeable pipeline of new overlay business expected to fund in the third fiscal quarter. Funding by new Parametric overlay clients totaled a net $1 billion in the second fiscal quarter, with a pipeline of over $3.7 billion expected to fund in the third fiscal quarter.  As we look ahead, we continue to focus on building on the distinctive strengths of our major business franchises to achieve positive organic revenue growth. Through Eaton Vance management, we're the dominant provider of fund solutions for concentrated stock positions, the leading manager of equity income closed end funds, and the largest manager of floating-rate bank loans. In fixed income, we have top tier positions in municipal bonds, higher corporates, and emerging market local debt. Parametric is the market leading provider of custom index separate accounts, municipal and corporate bond ladders, outsourced centralized portfolio management and portfolio derivative overlay services. Atlanta Capital is among the leading equity managers focused on high quality investing with a strong lineup of high performing strategies. And Calvert is among the largest and most respected specialists in responsible investing, number one in responsibly managed U.S. mutual fund flows over the past 12 months, and number two in managed mutual fund assets. As we consider the current environment, we see significant opportunities to build on these strengths even as competitors face a more uncertain future. While we don't know the path of the pandemic from here, or how financial markets will perform, we're pretty sure our industry will continue to trend increasingly in the direction of customized individual separate accounts, responsible investing, and specialty wealth management strategies and services, each an open-ended opportunity in which Eaton Vance has a dominant or leading market position.  Since the founding of our predecessor Eaton & Howard back in 1924, our business has weathered many storms, and I have no doubt that we will get through this one as well. As in prior periods of disruption, our goal is for Eaton Vance to emerge from the COVID-19 pandemic, a stronger and better Company. Based on the continuing high growth potential of our leading investment franchises, the strength of our financial position and culture and the resolve of our people, I have every confidence that objective will be achieved. That concludes my prepared remarks. I will now turn the call over to Laurie.
Laurie Hylton: Thank you and good morning. Our second Tom’s hope that each of you and your families are healthy and well. As Tom described we reported adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.80 for the second quarter fiscal 2020, unchanged from the second quarter of fiscal 2019 and down 6% from $0.85 in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. Effective this quarter, our calculation of non-GAAP financial measures excludes the impact of consolidated sponsored funds and consolidated collateralized loan obligation entities, collectively consolidated investment entities and other seed capital investments.  Adjustments to GAAP operating income include the add back of management fee revenue received from consolidated investment entities that are eliminated in consolidation and the non-management expenses of consolidated sponsored funds recognized in consolidation. Adjustments to GAAP net income attributable to Eaton Vance Corp shareholders include the after tax impact of those adjustments to operating income and the elimination of gains, losses and other investment income expense of consolidated investment entities and other seed capital investments included in non-operating income expense, as determined net of tax and non-controlling and other beneficial interest. Our goal in making these adjustments is to provide investors and analysts alike a clear line of sight to the company's core operating results. All prior periods’ non-GAAP financial measures have been updated to reflect this change. If you can see in attachment 2 to our press release, adjusted earnings, exceeded earnings under U.S. GAAP by $0.15 per diluted share in the second quarter of fiscal 2020 reflecting the reversal of $16.8 million of net losses of consolidated investment entities and our other seed capital investments, the add back of $1.8 million of management fees and expenses of consolidated investment entities, and reversal of $1.1 million of net excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation awards.  Earnings under US GAAP exceeded adjusted earnings by $0.09 per diluted share in the second quarter fiscal 2019 reflecting the reversal of $11.4 million of net gains of consolidated investment entities and other seed capital investments, the add back of $1.8 million of management fees and expenses of consolidated investment entities, and reversal of $0.3 million of net excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation awards. Earnings under U.S. GAAP exceeded adjusted earnings by $0.06 per diluted share in the first quarter of fiscal 2020 reflecting the reversal of $3.6 million of net gains of consolidated investment entities and other seed capital investments, the add back of $2.4 million of management fees and expenses of consolidated investment entities, and reversal of $4.9 million of net excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation awards. As shown in attachment 3 to our press release, our operating income as adjusted to include the management fee revenue and exclude the non-management expenses of our consolidated investment entities was down 4% year-over-year and 10% sequentially. Our adjusted operating margin was 30.5% in the second quarter fiscal 2020, 31.4% in the second quarter fiscal 2019 and 30.3% in the first quarter fiscal 2020. As Tom noted, ending consolidated managed assets were $465.3 billion at April 30, 2020 down 1% year-over-year, reflecting COVID-19 related negative market returns partially offset by positive net flows over the last 12 months. Ending consolidated managed assets were down 10% from the prior quarter end reflecting sharply lower market prices and quarterly net outflows driven by investor uncertainty in the midst of the global pandemic. Although average managed assets this quarter were up 5% in the same period last year, management fee revenue was down 1%, reflecting a 7% decline in our average annualized management fee rate and 31.8 basis points in the second quarter of fiscal 2019 to 29.7 basis points in the second quarter of fiscal 2020. The decline in our average annualized management fee rate was partially offset by the impact of one additional fee day in the second quarter of fiscal 2020 due to the leap year. The decline in our average annualized management fee rate versus the comparative period was driven primarily by shifts in our business mix from higher fee to lower fee mandates. Versus the prior quarter average managed assets were down 6% driving a 10% decrease in management fee revenue. Decline in management fee revenue exceeded the decline in average managed assets sequentially, primarily due to a 4% decline in our average annualized management fee rate from 30.8 basis points in the first quarter of fiscal 2020 to 29.7 basis points in the second quarter of fiscal 2020 and the impact of two fewer fee days in the second quarter. Performance based fees which are excluded from the calculation of our average management fee rates contributed $2.5 million, $1.8 million and $0.2 million to revenue in the second quarter of fiscal 2020, the second quarter of fiscal 2019, and the first quarter fiscal 2020 respectively.  Management fees earned by consolidated investment entities which are eliminated in consolidation and excluded from the calculation of our average management fee rates were $1.3 million, $1.1 million and $1.9 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2020, the second quarter fiscal 2019 and the first quarter of fiscal 2020 respectively. Turning to expenses, compensation costs decreased 3% year-over-year, reflecting lower operating income dbase and investment performance based bonus accruals, lower stock based compensation and lower severance costs. These decreases were partially offset by higher sales based incentive compensation and higher salaries associated with increases in headcount, year-end compensation increases for continuing employees, and the impact of one additional payroll day in the second quarter of fiscal 2020. Sequentially, compensation expense decreased 13%, reflecting lower operating income based and investment performance based bonus accruals, lower stock based compensation driven by the impact of employee retirements in the first quarter, decreases in seasonal compensation expenses that are recognized primarily in the first fiscal quarter, lower salaries and benefits driven by two fewer payroll days in the second fiscal quarter, and a decrease in severance costs. These decreases were partially offset by higher sales based incentive compensation. Non-compensation distribution related costs including distribution and service fees expenses and the amortization of deferred sales commissions decreased 1% year-over-year, primarily reflecting lower distribution and service fee expenses and commission amortization for Class C mutual fund shares driven by lower average managed assets and a decrease in discretionary marketing expenses. These decreases were partially offset by higher upfront sales commission expense, service fee expenses and commission amortization for private funds. Sequentially non-compensation distribution related costs decreased 12%, primarily reflecting lower distribution expenses for Class C mutual fund shares, lower service fee expenses for Class A mutual fund shares and private funds, a decrease in intermediary marketing support payments, lower discretionary marketing spending and lower upfront sales commission expense. Fund related expenses increased 9% year-over-year reflecting higher sub-advisory fees due to an increase in average managed assets of subsidized funds. Sequentially, fund related expenses decreased 2% reflecting lower sub-advisory fees due to a decrease in average managed assets with sub-advised funds and the impact of two fewer fee days in the second quarter, partially offset by an increase in fund expenses borne by the company. Other operating expenses increased 7% from the second quarter of fiscal 2019, primarily respecting increases in information technology spending and facility expenses, partially offset by lower travel expenses, professional services and other corporate expenses. Other operating expenses decreased 3% sequentially, primarily reflecting decreases in travel expenses and professional services partially offset by increases in information technologies and facility expenses.  As Tom noted, we're continuing to invest in areas that are important for the future growth of the company that are otherwise focused on highly expense management and reducing discretionary spending. In this period of volatility we benefit greatly from the fact that more than 40% of our operating expenses are variable in nature, moving up and down with changes in operating income, managed assets or sales results. Non-operating income expense was down $93.7 million from the second quarter fiscal 2019, primarily reflecting a $65.7 million negative variance in net gain or loss and other investment income of consolidated sponsored funds and the company's investments in other sponsored strategies, a $27.5 million negative variance in net income of expense or expense of consolidated CLO entities and $0.5 million increase in interest expense. Losses related to consolidated investment entities are partially offset by related variances in non-controlling and other beneficial interests. Now our operating income expenses down $81.7 million sequentially, primarily reflecting a $66.6 million negative variance in net gain or loss and other income from the company's investments in consolidated sponsored funds and other sponsored strategies, $14.7 million increase in the net expenses of consolidated CLO entities and $0.5 million increase in interest expense. As a reminder, our calculation of adjusted earnings per diluted share now backs out the gains and losses and other impacts of consolidated investment entities and other seed capital investments. Turning to taxes. Our U.S. GAAP effective tax rate was 45.3% in the second quarter fiscal 2020, 25.1% in second quarter of fiscal '19 and 22.8% in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. The company's income tax provision was reduced by net excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation awards totaling $1.1 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2020, $0.3 million in second quarter of fiscal 2019 and $4.9 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. As shown in attachment 2 to our press release, our calculations of adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per diluted share removes the impact of gains, losses and other investment income expense of consolidated investment entities and other seed capital investments, add back the management fees and expenses of consolidated investment entities and exclude the effective net excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation awards. On this basis, our adjusted effective tax rate was 24.9% in the second quarter of fiscal 2020, 26.9% in second quarter fiscal 2019 and 27.6% in the first quarter fiscal 2020. On the same adjusted basis, we estimate that our quarterly effective tax rate for the balance of fiscal 2020 and for the fiscal year as a whole will range between 26% and 27%. We finished our second fiscal quarter totaling $951.3 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term debt securities, and approximately $257.1 million in seed capital investments. We are carefully managing our cash flow to maintain our financial flexibility, while continuing to prioritize return of value to shareholders. During the second quarter of fiscal 2020, we repurchased 900,000 shares of our non-voting common stock for approximately $31 million and used $41.7 million of corporate cash to pay the $0.375 per share quarterly dividend we declared at the end of our previous quarter. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding were 111.6 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2020, down 2% year-over-year, reflecting share repurchases in excess of new shares issued upon vesting of restricted stock awards and exercised employee stock options and a decrease in the dilutive effect of in-the-money options and unvested restricted stock awards. Sequentially weighted average diluted shares outstanding were down 3%. Fiscal discipline, tight management, discretionary spending and maintaining a strong balance sheet are among our top priorities these unprecedented times. We are well positioned to weather the current environment and are continuing to invest in our business to support future growth.  This concludes our prepared comments. At this point, we'd like to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Dan Fannon from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. So just a follow-up on some of the monthly trends, certainly appreciate the additional disclosure. But can you talk about kind of the variance between March and April? And if you can comment about May so far with regards to gross sales versus redemptions in terms of the improvement, it was mainly just the slower redemptions or if you saw kind of gross sales also starting to pick up during those most recent months?
Tom Faust : Yes, Dan, this is Tom. The -- maybe somewhat odd thing about March was that although we had significant net outflows, as we described, gross flows were very strong, up approximately 50% from February to March. So it wasn't like there was no activity. In fact there was hyper activity on both of the inflows and outflows side. Things have slowed a bit on both sides of that thankfully. As indicated we had positive flow results for the month of April and May, have been -- I guess I would say May to date has been broadly similar to what we saw in April. So, we're -- we got hit pretty hard in the crisis period. We bounced back in trying to find this report. I was going to -- I can't pull it up. But we've stayed positive in March and starting May to-date with flows.
Dan Fannon: And then I guess just another one on flows. You mentioned $1.3 billion in high yield that's going to fund in the third quarter. I guess, just thinking about risk profiles and clients engagement, would you say that you're seeing kind of re-risking or just opportunistic where you have good performance or certain strategies that are doing well, you're seeing the kind of uptick. So I guess, just broadly, any other commentary on the institutional portfolio and kind of client behavior based on what you're hearing and seeing?
Tom Faust: Yes, I would say it's mixed. There are certainly clients that are looking at where risk assets are priced and where they have been priced and have stepped in, in some cases those might have been clients that were early to take off risk exposures. The fact that we're seeing high yield inflows I think is indicative of that, where we've seen a good period of -- we had actually a quite strong month in high yield in April, and we are as indicated expecting some quite important significant institutional flows. And I think you'd say in both cases that represents maybe I think generally sophisticated clients looking at prices of risk assets and concluding that from a long-term investment perspective that these are attractive entry points. We've seen some of that in bank loans as well, flows there have continued on an improving path in May. So we're -- they're not -- they're modestly negative but better than they were in April and vastly better than they were in March. So it feels like that our experience has probably been consistent with what just the trend of the equity market would suggest that people have been increasingly willing to take the view that we've likely seen the bottom of the cycle in terms of both stock prices and economic activity. And while there's obviously a lot of pain to be still absorbed, as we tentatively start to come out of the pandemic period, investors want to work through that and we see that in our core results, which have been certainly much better in April and our positive trend is continued in May for let’s call it risk assets, so equities and floating-rate income, and high yield bonds principally would be exposure there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Craig Siegenthaler: My first one is on the fee rate and I heard Laurie's earlier comments on the day count. But I was looking for additional color on the 2 basis point decline in both the equities and the all -- blended fee rate from last quarter?
Laurie Hylton: Hi Craig, it's Laurie. In terms of equities, I think why we're seeing the decline is due to the net outflows that we've seen in Parametric emerging markets. Within that category tends to be one of the higher fee products. And then all it's the same issue. So it's just a question of product mix within the category.
Craig Siegenthaler: And then just a follow up to the last question. Can you provide us an update on the bank loan business? I'm just thinking with very low interest rates today and rising corporate defaults in the U.S. how is this product sold to both retail institutional investors? And do you have any updated thoughts on the forward flow trend from this business? 
Tom Faust: So, as I mentioned flows for May to-date have been modestly negative less than $100 million of outflows for the month-to-date through -- I think that’s through Monday. So we're not seeing a significant continuation of the negative trend that we saw in March. The appeal of this asset class, I would say for many investors is from a total return perspective. As we pointed out, rates are absolutely -- benchmark rates are low, but spreads are wide. So in a place where it's -- in an environment where cash yields are zero, we're headed close to that, this asset class offers true floating rate exposure, so you can get high levels of current income without being exposed to meaningful amounts of interest rate risk, and also the opportunity for a significant price appreciation. Yes, and this is a big if. This economic cycle is similar to others where the experience of past cycles has been that the default and recovery experience of senior secured floating-rate bank loans is such that from current prices, there's a significant opportunity for price appreciation. Certainly no guarantees, these are risk assets below investment grade securities, but high current yield negative -- no exposure to interest rate risk to speak of, and a price that reflects still a pretty dire outlook for the economy, which again looking at the historical defaulting recovery experience of bank loans, this is proving to be a good price point for entry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt from Autonomous. Your line is open.
Patrick Davitt : Yes, just as a follow-up to Dan's question, I appreciate the pipeline guidance, are there any known offsetting redemptions to the unknown wins?
Tom Faust: Not really to speak of. Generally, you don't have a whole lot of -- generally there is not a whole lot of visibility on outflows. So, I wouldn't take too much comfort from the fact that we don't have a significant pipeline of outflows, but the fact is that we don't. We've said in previous quarters that we have a large bank loan client that for a multi-year period has been redeeming out of their position, that's not over with yet, but there is still some outflows there to go, but that's something we've been living with. I think in total, we're expecting, maybe -- in the range of $1.5 billion over a extended period of likely multiple quarters, potentially even multiple years, for that to come out. But that's really the only significant net outflow where we have visibility on. The rest of our business, I would say, generally we're not expecting to see significant net outflows, but we live in a volatile world and we don't always get a heads up when redemptions are coming, but the pipeline looks good in terms of outflows, but I'd take that with a bit of a grain of salt because that's generally true that there is not much in a way of outflow pipeline.
Patrick Davitt : Helpful. Thanks. And then, obviously, the ESG investing theme continues unabated and obviously helping Calvert. Could you update us on any plans or discussion around perhaps backward integrating the Calvert process across the whole complex?
Tom Faust: Yes. So, that I would describe as well under way. I hesitate to say finished, but certainly well established. A priority for us, I'll say beginning two years ago was to integrate Calvert Research into the investment -- the fundamental investment processes of both Eaton Vance Management and Calvert, and to build systems connections and relationships among analyst teams and portfolio managers to accommodate that. So we've been working on this for two years. We have full access to the Calvert Research system and the Calvert Research analysts by all of our equity analysts and fixed income analyst and portfolio managers at both the Atlanta Capital and EVM, and that's been true for several quarters now. Like anything, the amount of inflow that has in our investment decision making is maybe a bit hard to measure. But certainly the connectivity is there and if you talk to our portfolio managers and hear them describe what we view with our competitive advantage is, the fact that we have access to this team of Calvert specialists, analysts who bring a very different perspective and a very different skill set than traditional fundamental analysts. It's something I would say that consistently, our PMs have been talking about for several quarters. It varies a bit by asset class, it's bigger in equities, but it's also becoming increasingly important in fixed income. The other place where we're increasingly integrating Calvert is relative to Parametric. Parametric is not in the business of making active calls on stocks or bonds. So, there's no fundamental process to integrate into. However, a significant part of the customized separate account business of Parametric relates to the ability to do customization to reflect client-specified ESG sensibility. To the extent that we can back that up with Calvert Research that we can provide with Calvert impact measurement that we can provide with collaboration and engagement with issuers, that strengthens the value of those Parametric offerings. And so, that's a -- I would say that's more of a current priority than something we've been focusing on historically and still some work to do there, but are optimistic that at the conclusion on this process that in Parametric, like Atlanta Capital and Eaton Vance Management, we will see a significant enhancement of their offerings in the marketplace, based on the connection, through Eaton Vance to Parametric -- I'm sorry to Calvert.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Ken Worthington : Maybe first on your changes to the reporting of adjusted earnings. So, it looks like the changes make this quarter's results look much better and prior quarters look a little bit worse. So, maybe a couple of questions around this. It looks like if the changes were not in place, your earnings would be $0.17 lower this quarter as per Page 10 of the release. I guess, firstly, is that correct? And then the timing of the changes seem a bit gimmicky. You took the benefit when it enhanced earnings and now that the CLO outlook has changed, you're adjusting up the losses. So, can you further flush out your comments on why this version of earnings is better than the prior?
Tom Faust: So, let me start and then Laurie can jump in.
Laurie Hylton : Okay.
Tom Faust: So, headline earnings or GAAP earnings, excluding all of these adjustments, we earned $0.65. That's the top-line. If you want to go with GAAP, go with GAAP. We earned $0.65. This quarter consistent with most recent quarter, certainly over the last several years, every quarter, we've called out the contribution of seed capital investments and CLO investments to our earnings. These are investments that are mark-to-market, not all, but, I would say, most analysts that look through to try and uncover the underlying earnings power of our business have excluded those. So, we've called out the numbers in terms of earnings per share impact. A read of what most analysts report on our earnings have backed those out of our reported earnings. As you point out, during past periods, these were positive contributors, so that's consistent with rising markets. Absolutely, this adjustment here made our adjusted earnings higher then if we had included the -- then if we had not reflected -- sorry, then if we had reflected the losses in our business realized on seed capital investments and CLO gains and losses. We've also tracked competitors among public companies. What we're doing is fully consistent with what we think the prevailing trend is of other managers. There's a lot of disclosure here about the impact. And you and every other analysts have the ability to pick and choose. You want to the GAAP number, it's $0.65. You want to know with or without different adjustments, we quantify every one of them to its cents per share, and you have the ability to choose whatever earnings you want to choose that's being most relevant. We believe that for most people, not out -- but not everyone perhaps, the most relevant measure of our performance is what we're today describing as adjusted earnings per diluted share. Laurie, you might want to add to that?
Laurie Hylton : Yes, I would just add, Ken, that we may be putting in tabular form and actually including it as part of our adjusted earnings calculation, but we have consistently been actually providing that information quarterly for quite some time. And I think as we were actually looking at how other peers were handling their seed capital portfolios, we realize that our parenthetically disclosure was not necessarily consistent with what others were doing. And then, quite frankly, if we were going to provide it parenthetically, we should just provide it as part of the reconciliation, and we thought it would be cleaner and it would be easier to get at. So that was the rationale for actually providing it in the adjusted number. And I do believe, as Tom said, that this is a better indicator from our perspective, the earnings power of the Company and it takes out a lot of the noise associated with consolidating large portfolios of products that quite frankly have very little to do when you actually back out the non-controlling interest, had very little to do with what our core operations actually look like.
Ken Worthington: Okay. Great. Thank you for that. And then on the muni business -- the muni ladder business, to what extent is COVID-19 still weighing on the outlook for sales? Or is that business sort of recovered, like some of your other businesses that you highlighted?
Tom Faust: Let me just pull up some numbers. So, we have -- the...
Ken Worthington : The rational being it's a good business for you and we've got municipalities under pressure. And we can see what muni funds are doing, but the ladder business is sort of a different entity or different animal and it's been a very good one for you.
Tom Faust: Yes. I would say, that business has not really recovered to, I'll say, pre-crisis levels. We're not seeing outflows. We never really saw outflows in bond ladders during this period. But the first challenge we had, and this is more of a February challenge, was that, particularly in muni, rates got so low that income levels were not particularly attractive in investment-grade muni. So one of the issues we're dealing with is just when you layer in the advisor of the expenses at interest rates as they have been for muni sort of February timeframe, there wasn't a lot of income available. So that was one of the things that was weighing on it. And then as we got into March, yield picked up because muni spread versus treasuries started to gap out, but the muni market was not functioning particularly well during the month of March. And I think advisors were somewhat leery of but coming back to coming back to the asset class. So, it's been up. I guess, I'd say it's been up maybe partial recovery, but we're not seeing the kinds of activities that we did before. I am looking at -- for month-to-date, modestly positive flows. I guess, probably consistent with maybe a little better than the -- yeah, a little better than the trend of the second quarter, but not where we were in the first quarter and prior periods. So it sounds like it will -- it looks like it will take some time for that business to come back.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Carrier from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Mike Carrier: So, first, maybe on the Parametric overlay flows. Tom, you mentioned some of the drivers in the quarter as well as the pipeline of new clients. Just in terms of the current clients that derisked during the quarter, maybe based on past trends and these volatile backdrops, do you tend to see those clients like come back in and rerisk as kind of the markets start to stabilize? I just wanted to get some perspective on some of the kind of derisking that we saw in the quarter...
Tom Faust: Yes. A good question. So, we've, obviously, been through different downturns before, and it is not uncommon as we're coming into or going through a crisis period, when there is a lot of volatility in the market where institutions and that's who these clients are, will say I want to pull back from market exposure at some point. Maybe it's early before the crisis hit, as it hit, a little bit after the worst, whatever it is, it's certainly not uncommon for people to derisk their portfolios during market declines. And again, these are sophisticated institutional investors. So this is not a -- there's not a knee-jerk reaction. Primarily how these -- how this service has used, the biggest application, there are lots of other ones, but the biggest application is securitizing cash that's in client portfolios. So if you've got 3% or 4% cash in your portfolio that's not there for a particular investment reason, it's there -- maybe just I'll say sloshing around at the bottom of the portfolio, we've made the case historically that the best way to put that cash to use is using futures. So you're not disturbing the investments of the underlying managers who are running different sleeves of the portfolio, you have ultimate liquidity as to be able to take on or take off exposures quickly. So this is designed to be quick twitch asset movement positions that historically when markets go down you see people take off exposures, But I think, as your question suggests, generally as you get beyond the crisis period, particularly in periods like now and cash returns are nothing, that you start to see the resumption of putting back on positions by existing clients. There's certainly nothing in our experience or nothing in our communications with clients through this period that would suggest anything other than those positions are likely to come back over time. What's exciting for us is, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, is that this period has been a great reminder to the prospects -- some prospects we've been talking to for half a dozen years or more of the tremendous value of this service that if you put some of your assets in with us, you have the ability to, at very well cost and essentially immediately, to add or subtract market exposure consistent with whatever view there is of the policy committee or the CIO that's running the portfolio. Highly valuable service during this period, unfortunately, from our -- from a flow perspective, it contributed negatively to the reported flows. The revenue impact of that, I should probably mention, is pretty modest. Generally, the positions that were taken off were by larger clients, where incremental fee rates even relative to an overall average of 5 basis point for this business. In many cases, we're a fair bit less than that for those incremental assets that came off. Not a huge revenue impact, but because we report these as managed assets and they're included in our flows, we get to talk about them during periods when money is moving in or moving out of these exposures.
Mike Carrier: Okay. That's helpful. And then, Laurie, just expenses are well-managed and the margin held up relatively well. And I heard your comments on -- focusing on kind of discretionary expenses. In the quarter, were there any like unusual declines or items in the expense base? And then, just how are you thinking about the outlook, given obviously uncertain backdrop, yet fairly strong rebounding market? So, any context on how we should be thinking?
Laurie Hylton : Yes. And just in terms of the current quarter, I don't think there was anything that was sort of a one-time item that we would call out. There is obviously just a lot of unusual activity to the extent that we no longer have people traveling, and we no longer -- just generally speaking, you're going to have some decline in just sort of discretionary spend, partially that's being -- because it's being managed very carefully and partially just because people are working out of their homes and there's just not as much activity. I think that as you're looking at the quarter, I think what's probably what's most notable is just the decline in certain categories from last quarter. And I think that the biggest of that is obviously compensation. And we highlight every year in the first quarter that we've got seasonal compensation expense that hits related to benefits that reset, payroll tax clocks that reset and stock-based compensation that we recognize in relation to employee retirements. So I think you'll see that notable decline in terms of, what I would think of some of the more fixed components of our compensation. But other than that, roughly [40%] of our costs are variable. So in periods where you've got the volatility that we've seen in sales and decline in average assets, we're going to go with that and that's going to -- and to a certain extent, that's a testimony to the fact that our cost structure is pretty flexible in periods like this.
Mike Carrier: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Laurie Hylton : As to getting any kind of forecasting, I think I had to decline to do that at this point, because I just don't think anybody knows where this is going.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee from KBW. Your line is open.
Robert Lee : Thanks. Thanks for taking my question, and I hope everyone is doing well in these tough times. Maybe starting with the expense initiatives, Laurie, about kind of pulling back expense guidance per se, can you and Tom maybe update us on what are some of your new business initiatives you're spending on? I know there was Parametric, clearly and technology to kind of keep your technological lead there. But, can you just refresh us on some of the key initiatives?
Laurie Hylton : Yes. I can start and maybe Thomas there wants to comment as well. The two big ones that we had, that we're currently undergoing, I think we've talked about number of -- on a number of calls, the first is, as you referenced, the operations and technology platform, Parametric. We are really making the investments there to build out that platform, recognizing the opportunity that we see just in terms of growth of that business in Custom Core particular. The other big one that we're well under way with right now is migration to the cloud. I think that, like many competitors, we're moving off of our -- out of our data centers and trying to actually move into cloud technology. So, we've got a relatively large project that's going there that we are going to continue to invest in. I think that we're at the tail end of most of our initiative to effectively get our trading platform standardized across the organization. So, we've done a lot with our fixed income teams getting everybody on to the same platform. And I think that we've pretty much gotten to the tail end of that, but there is still some residual work being done. I don't know if there's anything else, Tom, that you think that we should comment on.
Tom Faust: Yes. You highlighted the ones that I would point to. Certainly. the work at Parametric and the move to the cloud are the big -- the pretty big spend items that we've made the determination that these are strategically important to us, and they're going to continue. I would say also Calvert. as a business. is an area of obvious growth and growth opportunity for us. So there are Calvert-related spending initiatives that not necessarily technology-related, but just in general that continue to be reflected and will likely continue in the future, even though we're focusing on reducing discretionary spending. So, if you want to get funded or any kind of a project, two things, it's got to be supportive of business growth in areas of demonstrated pretty clear opportunity and/or quick payback cost savings. Beyond that, it's pretty hard to get new initiatives approved.
Robert Lee : Maybe as a follow-up to that, I mean, I think historically, you guys have watched in the -- maybe relative to some peers to try new things. And just kind of curious with that in mind, you do have your own version of these non-transparent ETF on file, not ETFM, but your other technology that you put out some announcements on that. Just maybe update us on kind of where some of that stands and if there are any kind of things that your -- other things you make besides Calvert, may be investing in, that you think are -- if you look a year or two or three down the road and you think to be new businesses for you?
Tom Faust: Yes. Thanks for that. I would just comment on the less transparent active ETF filing that was put in front of the SEC in, let's say, February of last year or may be January of last year. So, we've had a fair bit of back and forth with the staff there. I feel pretty good about the progress there and I think we're optimistic of a favorable outcome, but we certainly can't promise that that will be achieved and don't know the timing of that. But I feel good about the prospects of entering that growing field at a time and it's really just getting started. And I think the thing that we're watching about that space, maybe a couple of things, but the most important one I would say is on the uptake of these is, will sponsors allow the same or substantially identical strategy to be offered, both at the mutual fund and as an ETF. And there certainly has been a view at times that we've heard by distributors that causes concerns for them, I think primarily come up from a business risk management compliance perspective. There's certainly no absolutes there, but that was one of the things that slowed us down with NextShares. And if that changes, and I think there are signs that it may be changing at least at some distributors, we think that's a very bullish sign for the potential of these products. Obviously, the other key will be the ability to gain asset classes other than US equities. So far, all of the approvals have been just for US equities. And certainly, our ambitions, and I'm sure everyone else's ambitions in the space, would be to come out with a methodology that can provide for good assurance of good trading results in other asset classes where the challenge for efficient market making is greater than it is in US equities. So I think we're both increasingly optimistic about the potential of this business, having seen now a number of firms that are announcing products and apparently a better receptivity on the part of distributors to establish strategy. Our business, in general, remains very hard to bring a new strategy out. If you can take a successful strategy and make it available in what many people believe is a better structure, that has real potential. So, we're increasingly optimistic about that and certainly, very hopeful about our own ability to enter the fray with our patented technology that's in front of the SEC now. In terms of other initiatives that I would highlight, I think, certainly, Calvert is an area of a lot of interest from a new product development standpoint, lots of ideas. It was essentially a US mutual fund brand and our challenge -- our focus has been both to increase our share of that business and that really has been the driver of the growth to date of Calvert, but also to look for ways to extend the Calvert brand into other markets. And we started to have success in institutional and different approaches to investing, but those are, I would say, maybe two fertile areas of focus, the less transparent ETFs and Calvert generally. And maybe a third, I would add, is within Parametric, there are different ways of using and combining their customized individual separate accounts will be an area of growth and focus for us on new product development.
Operator: Excuse me. Do we have time for one more question?
Eric Senay: Yes, let's take one last question. Thank you.
Operator: Your last question will come from Chris Shutler from William Blair. Your line is open.
Chris Shutler : Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in here. I hope you're all well. Regarding, let's see, so the core equity separate accounts, Tom, maybe just provide an update on how you see the competitive environment evolving over the medium term in that space? I know that direct indexing is getting a lot more attention these days throughout the industry, including from some of the large custodians. Thanks.
Tom Faust: Yes. So there is, I think, a fair bit of conversation about this topic, including some related to the acquisition activity just recently announced. The actual business that we're in, I would say, the competitive situation hasn't changed very much. There have been a few new competitors that have come in and they have a -- to my understanding, haven't really taken a lot of market share. I think our experience is, this is an easier place to put together an iffy brochure and in some cases, a nice looking website. But in terms of the blocking and tackling of customized individual separate accounts, literally delivering on the promise of customization, that means every account is managed separately. It's not so easy and I think one of the things that was demonstrated during the month of March was that this is not a business for the dabblers. This is a hard thing to do well. And we as the market leader, commit an enormous amount of resources and a tremendous amount of management energy and Parametric is focused on achieving a consistently high level of client service in all market environments, including the challenging environments like we went through in March. So it's more conversation about direct indexing, that term has entered the vernacular of our business. People recognize that one of the distinctive strengths of Eaton Vance is our leadership through Parametric in that business. Nobody had any real impact on reducing our market share. We're taking our business there. We continue to prosper in that business. But there's certainly the possibility, which we're very much open to that there will be more competition from credible players. By and large, we're of the view that, that can be helpful, because the visibility of the market opportunity is still relatively low. This is still a pretty small business in the range of maybe a couple of hundred billion dollars relative to index mutual fund and index ETF opportunity that many, many, many times that, trillions of dollars of assets. So, I think there is lots of opportunity. If there is going to be more competition, there is lots of opportunity for that competition to help drive market growth, not just take business from each other.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to the presenters.
Eric Senay: Thank you. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today, and we hope everyone continue to stay safe and healthy. Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-02-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Eaton Vance Corp. First Fiscal Quarter Earnings Conference call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentations, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Eric Senay, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Eric Senay: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to our fiscal 2020 first quarter earnings call and webcast. With me this morning are Tom Faust, Chairman and CEO of Eaton Vance; as well as our CFO, Laurie Hylton. In today's call, we will first comment on the quarter and fiscal year and then take your questions. As always, the full earnings release and charts we will refer to during the call are available on our website eatonvance.com under the heading Investor Relations. And today's presentation contain forward-looking statements about our business and financial results. The actual results may differ materially from those projected due to risks and uncertainties in our business including but not limited to those discussed in our SEC filings. These filings including our 2019 Annual Report and Form 10-K are available on our website or upon request at no charge. I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Faust: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Earlier today, we reported $0.86 of adjusted earnings per diluted share for the first quarter of fiscal 2020 which is up 18% from $0.73 per diluted share in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and down 9% from $0.95 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. On a combined basis seed capital and consolidated CLO entity investments contributed $0.03 to adjusted earnings per diluted share in the first quarter of fiscal 2020 and negative $0.02 in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and $0.08 in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. Excluding these items, first quarter fiscal 2020 adjusted earnings per diluted share were up 11% year-over-year and down 5% sequentially. We ended the first quarter of fiscal 2020 with $518.2 billion of consolidated assets under management which is up 17% from a year ago and up 4% from the previous quarter end. First quarter consolidated net inflows were $6.1 billion or $5 billion excluding what we now call Parametric overlay services what we formerly referred to as exposure management. This was our 22nd consecutive quarter of positive net flows and a solid beginning to what we expect will be our 25th consecutive year of positive net flows. Our first quarter net inflows equate to 5% annualized internal growth in managed assets as calculated both with and without Parametric overlay services. Looking at our flow results on a revenue basis. In the first quarter, we achieved 5% annualized internal growth in consolidated management fee revenue, which compares to minus 4% in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and positive 2% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. Although revenue-based internal growth rates are not widely reported by other public asset managers, we continue to believe that Eaton Vance ranks among the investment industry leaders by this key growth measure. As we assess the performance of our business in the first quarter, achieving mid-single-digit organic revenue growth is certainly among the highlights. By this measure, the first quarter of fiscal 2020 was our best growth period since the third quarter of fiscal 2018. Last June, we announced an important strategic initiative involving our Parametric Eaton Vance Management and Eaton Vance Distributors affiliates. As we described at that time the initiative has three principal components; rebranding EVM's rules-based systematic investment-grade fixed-income strategies as Parametric and aligning internal reporting consistent with this revised rebranding; internally -- integrating under Eaton Vance Distributors the sales teams serving Parametric and EVM clients and business partners in the registered investment adviser and multifamily office market; and then third, combining under Parametric the technology and operating platforms supporting the individual separately managed account businesses of Parametric and EVM. I'm pleased to report that the internal change process supporting this initiative is substantially complete and that we are already starting to see real benefits to our business. Combining our systemic -- systematic equity and investment-grade fixed-income strategies within the same investment affiliate and consolidating our separate account technology and operating platforms positions Parametric and Eaton Vance to build upon our market-leading positions in custom indexing and laddered bond separate accounts as market demand for these strategies continues to surge. As you can see in our press release and accompanying call slides, we have made certain changes in how we categorize our managed assets and flows for reporting purposes. The new Parametric Custom Portfolios reporting category consists of individual and institutional separate accounts managed by Parametric for which customization is a primary feature. The new classification includes the Parametric equity and multi-asset strategies that formerly composed our old portfolio implementation reporting category which are primarily Custom Core and centralized portfolio management as well as the laddered bond separate accounts that were formerly managed by Eaton Vance Management and previously categorized as fixed income for reporting purposes. In the press release and call slides, the presentation of managed assets flows for all prior periods has been revised to reflect the new classifications. As noted earlier, we have already -- we have also changed the name of our former exposure management reporting category to Parametric overlay services. This reporting category consists primarily of futures-based overlay strategies and services offered to institutional clients to enable them to efficiently add or remove market exposure without affecting underlying portfolio holdings. While this is our lowest fee business with an average current fee rate of 4.9 basis points, it is also nicely profitable and growing. Since entering the business through the acquisition of the former Clifton Group in December 2012, our managed assets and overlay services have more than tripled growing from $32 billion at acquisition to a record $97.5 billion at the end of January. Looking at our first quarter flows in more detail. We had positive net flows for all of our mandate reporting categories except floating-rate income. Annualized internal growth in managed assets range from a high of 9% for Parametric custom portfolios, to 7% for fixed income, 5% for equity and Parametric overlay services, and 4% for alternatives. Although, our floating-rate income business saw $1.4 billion in net outflows and minus 15% annualized internal growth in AUM in the first quarter that's a significant improvement from $2.9 billion of net outflows, and minus 26% annualized internal AUM growth in the first quarter of 2019, and $2.6 billion of net outflows, and minus 27% annualized internal AUM growth in the fourth quarter of 2019. The abating of outflow pressures has been especially pronounced in our floating-rate U.S. mutual funds, where net outflows fell from $2.1 billion in last year's first quarter and $1.9 billion in last year's fourth quarter to approximately $450 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. Through Monday of this week, month-to-date outflows from our floating-rate mutual funds had slowed to barely a trickle. Although, net inflows into our alternative strategy were less than $100 million in the first quarter, here too we have experienced substantially improved flow trends compared to fiscal 2019 when we saw net outflows of $2.2 billion in the first quarter and approximately $550 million in the fourth quarter. Our managed assets and flows in the alternative category are dominated by the two Global Macro Absolute Return mutual funds we offer in the U.S. As a reminder, these funds hold long and short positions in currency and short-duration sovereign debt instruments of emerging and frontier market countries. After a disappointing performance in 2018, our global macro funds roared back to strong performance in 2019, no doubt contributing to the improved flow results and flows outlook for the category. February month-to-date flows remain modestly positive for both our global macro mutual funds and the alternative category as a whole. As mentioned earlier, annualized internal growth in our equity mandates was 5% in the first quarter. Calvert EVM and Atlanta Capital each made significant contributions to the quarter's $1.6 billion of equity net inflows. Calvert equity strategies contributed nearly $900 million with the Calvert Emerging Markets and Calvert Equity U.S. mutual funds each generating over $250 million of net inflows. EVM equity strategies contributed approximately $850 million to first quarter net inflows, driven primarily by privately offered funds in the U.S. On top of the more than $250 million net inflows into the Atlanta Capital sub-advised Calvert Equity Fund, Atlanta Capital contributed approximately $450 million of equity net inflows in core and growth mandates. In the first quarter, our fixed-income strategies had $1.1 billion of net inflows, which equates to 7% annualized internal growth in managed assets. On a combined basis EVM and Parametric municipal bond strategies contributed over $700 million to quarterly net inflows and EVM, Calvert and Atlanta Capital taxable bond strategies contributed approximately $400 million. Flow leaders across our fixed-income mutual fund lineup, included Eaton Vance Emerging Markets Local Income Fund with nearly $200 million of net inflows and Calvert Short Duration Income Fund, Eaton Vance Core Plus Bond Fund and Eaton Vance National Municipal Income Fund each with over $100 million of net inflows in the quarter. The newly constituted Parametric custom portfolios reporting category had net inflows of $3.5 billion in the first quarter, generating 9% annualized internal growth in managed assets. This reflects net contributions of $2.7 billion to custom core equity separate accounts and $1.4 billion into laddered bond separate accounts across municipal and corporate mandates, partially offset by approximately $575 million of net withdrawals from centralized portfolio management mandates. Sorted by client type, Parametric custom individual separate accounts had $43 billion of net inflows and Parametric custom institutional separate accounts had $800 million of net outflows. Focusing on custom core equity and laddered bond individual separate accounts the quarter's $4.3 billion of net inflows equates to 15% annualized internal growth in managed assets. As shown on slide 12, Parametric custom portfolios reached a record $175 billion in managed assets as of January 31, 2020. This is a high-growth, highly differentiated investment management business in which Parametric is far and away the market leader across all key segments. We are investing to grow this business by expanding our product offerings, extending our service capability and achieving greater operating efficiencies to drive down costs. We continue to believe that Parametric custom portfolios business is only scratching the surface of its long-term potential. Turning to Calvert. We continue to be very pleased with the business results and investment success we are achieving. In the recently completed first quarter, Calvert generated net inflows of $1.3 billion, which equates to 26% annualized internal growth in managed assets. Including the Calvert Equity Fund sub-advised by Atlanta Capital, Calvert's managed assets reached a new high of $21.8 billion at the end of the first quarter with continued strong investment performance across Calvert's diversified lineup of equity income and multi-asset strategies. As of the end of January, 21 Calvert U.S. mutual funds were rated four or five stars from Morningstar for at least one class of shares including seven five-star rated funds. We continue to see strong demand for Calvert's distinctive lineup of investment strategies that combine a record of investment excellence and a deep multi-decade-long commitment to the principles of responsible investing. As the investment management industry as a whole continues to struggle to grow revenues net of market effects, Eaton Vance's ability to deliver internally sourced, top line growth sets us apart. The strength of our high-growth franchises and customized individual separate accounts, responsible investing and wealth management strategies and services, the range of active strategies that with top-tier performance that we offer across investment asset classes and the prospects for continued recovery in our floating-rate income and alternatives category flows combine to give us confidence that we can continue to grow our business at rates well above the overall asset management industry average. While market action over recent days reminds us that unforeseen forces can upset even the best-laid plans, we approach the balance of 2020, and our long-term future with optimism for continued growth and success. That concludes my prepared remarks. I will now turn the call over to Laurie.
Laurie Hylton: Thank you, and good morning. As Tom described, we reported adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.86 for the first quarter fiscal 2020, up 18% from $0.73 in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, and down 9% from $0.95 in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. Our adjusted earnings per diluted share this quarter, includes $0.03 of combined contribution from seed capital and consolidated CLO entity investments, compared to a negative $0.02 contribution in the first quarter of last year, and an $0.08 contribution in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. As you can see in Attachment two to our press release, earnings under U.S. GAAP exceeded adjusted earnings by $0.05 per diluted share in the first quarter of fiscal 2020 $0.02 per diluted share in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and $0.01 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, reflecting the reversal of net excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation awards during those periods of $4.9 million, $2.9 million and $1.5 million respectively. Operating income increased by 11% in the first quarter of fiscal 2020 from the same period a year ago, reflecting an 11% increase in both revenue and operating expenses. Operating income was down 1% sequentially, reflecting a 4% increase in revenue and a 7% growth in operating expenses. Our operating margin was 29.8% in both the first quarters of fiscal 2020 and 2019 and 31.2% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. As Tom noted, ending consolidated managed assets reached a new quarter-end high of $518.2 billion at January 31, 2020, up 17% year-over-year and 4% sequentially driven by strong net flows and positive market returns. Average managed assets this quarter were up 17% from the same period last year, driving management fee revenue growth of 13%. Management fee revenue growth trailed growth in average managed assets year-over-year, primarily due to a decline in our average annualized management fee rate from 32 basis points in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 to 30.8 basis points in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. Changes in our average annualized management fee rates over the comparative period, primarily reflects shifts in business mix. Sequentially, growth in average managed assets of 4%, matched growth in management fee revenue as our average annualized management fee rate of 30.8 basis points was unchanged. Performance-based fees, which are excluded from the calculation of our average management fee rates, contributed $0.2 million to revenue in the first quarter of fiscal 2020 versus negative $0.3 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and positive $0.1 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. Turning to expenses. Compensation costs increased 12% year-over-year, reflecting higher salaries and benefits associated with increases in headcount and year-end merit adjustments, higher stock-based compensation and higher performance-based and operating income-based bonus accruals, partially offset by lower sales-based incentive compensation. Stock-based compensation in the first quarter of fiscal 2020 included approximately $5.5 million of accelerated expense recognized in connection with employee retirements. Sequentially, compensation expense increased 7% reflecting higher salaries and benefits driven by increases in headcount, seasonal compensation effects, higher stock-based compensation driven by employee retirements, and higher operating income-based bonus accruals, all partially offset by a decrease in severance costs. First quarter seasonal compensation pressures traditionally include the impact of payroll tax clock resets, the timing of our 401(k) funding and year-end base salary increases. The majority of these seasonal compensation pressures will continue into the second fiscal quarter, before we see relief in the third. That said, we would not expect to see a recurrence of the roughly $5.5 million of stock-based compensation associated with first quarter retirement in the second quarter. In addition, we would anticipate seeing an incremental $1 million to $1.5 million decrease in stock-based compensation in the second quarter as the impact of divesting of stock-based compensation under our phantom equity plan for outside directors and the recognition of expense associated with our employee stock purchase plan tend to be heavily weighted to the first quarter of each fiscal year. Non-compensation distribution-related costs, including distribution and service fee expenses and the amortization of deferred sales commissions, increased 10% year-over-year and 4% sequentially, primarily reflecting higher marketing and promotion costs; higher upfront sales commissions, due to increased sales of closed-end funds, private funds and Class A mutual fund shares; and higher service fee expenses for Class A, and private funds driven by higher average managed assets in those funds. The year-over-year increase further reflects higher private fund commission amortization, partially offset by lower Class C distribution and service fee expenses. Fund-related expenses increased 15% year-over-year, reflecting higher sub-advisory fees due to an increase in average managed assets of sub-advised funds. Fund-related expenses were flat sequentially, reflecting an increase in sub-advisory fees paid offset by a decrease in fund expenses borne by the company. Other operating expenses increased 11% from the first quarter of fiscal 2019, primarily reflecting increases in information technology spending, market data services, professional services and travel expenses partially offset by a decrease in amortization expense related to certain intangible assets that were fully amortized during the first quarter of fiscal 2019. Other operating expenses increased by 9% from the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, primarily reflecting increases in information technology spending, market data services, professional services, travel expenses and charitable contributions. The increase in other expenses reflects investments we are making to support our strategic initiatives as well as the overall growth of our business. We continue to focus on expense management and identifying ways to gain greater operating leverage. Net gains and other investment income related to seed capital investments contributed $0.04 to earnings per diluted share in the first quarter of fiscal 2020 were negligible in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and contributed $0.04 to earnings per diluted share in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. When quantifying the impact of our seed capital investments on earnings, we take into consideration, our pro rata share of the gains, losses and other investment income earned on investments in sponsored strategies, whether accounted for as consolidated funds, separate accounts or equity investments, as well as the gains and losses recognized on derivatives used to hedge these investments. We then report the per share impact net of income taxes and net income attributable to non-controlling interests. We continue to hedge the market exposures of our seed capital portfolio to the extent practicable to minimize the associated earnings volatility. Non-operating income and expense also includes net expenses from consolidated CLO entities of $1.8 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. This compares to net expenses from consolidated CLO entities of $2.9 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and net income from consolidated CLO entities of $6.3 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. The sequential decrease in contribution from consolidated CLO entities primarily reflects the sale of our subordinated interest in a CLO entity during the first quarter of fiscal 2020, which resulted in the deconsolidation of that entity. Other income and expense amounts related to consolidated CLO entities reduced earnings per diluted share by $0.01 in the current quarter and $0.02 in the first quarter of last year and contributed $0.04 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. Other income and expense amounts related to consolidated CLOs reflect changes in our economic interest in these entities, including the fair market value of our investment distributions received and management fees earned. Our strategy for CLO equity remains to commit prudent amounts of EV capital to support growth of this business, then taking advantage of opportunities to exit our CLO position as market conditions allow, generating cash to help fund new CLOs for other -- or for other corporate purposes. Turning to taxes. Our U.S. GAAP effective tax rate was 22.8% in the first quarter of fiscal 2020, 23.4% in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and 22.7% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. The company's income tax rate was reduced by net excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation awards totaling 3.4% in the first quarter of fiscal 2020, 2.5% in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and 1% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. As shown in Attachment two to our press release, our calculations of adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per diluted share removed the net excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation awards. On this basis our adjusted effective tax rate was 26.2% in the first quarter of fiscal 2020, 25.9% in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and 23.7% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. On the same adjusted basis, we estimate that our quarterly effective tax rate for the balance of fiscal 2020 and for the fiscal year as a whole will range between 26.5% and 27%. During the first quarter of fiscal 2020, we used $45.5 million of corporate cash to pay the $0.375 per share quarterly dividend we declared at the end of our previous quarter and repurchased 1.4 million shares of our nonvoting common stock for approximately $66.6 million. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding were 114.7 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2020, down 1% year-over-year, reflecting share repurchases and excess of new shares issued upon vesting of restricted stock awards and exercise of employee stock option partially offset by an increase in the dilutive effect of in-the-money options and unvested restricted stock awards. Sequentially weighted average diluted shares outstanding were up 1%. We finished our first fiscal quarter holding $824.7 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term debt securities and approximately $315.9 million in seed capital investments. We continue to place high priority on using the company's cash flow to benefit shareholders. Fiscal discipline around discretionary spending remains top of mind as we contemplate both volatile markets and significant corporate initiatives. Based on our strong liquidity and overall financial condition, we believe we are well positioned to continue to invest in our business to support long-term growth, while returning capital to shareholders. This concludes our prepared comments. At this point, we'd like to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dan Fannon: Thank. Yes can you clarify -- I think you -- Tom you discussed some of the quarter-to-date flows for certain segments, but left out I think fixed income and equities and some of the other metrics. So maybe just given that you did mention bank loans and alternatives I guess give us a kind of a broader update on the rest of the business.
Tom Faust: Yes. Just to clarify the only thing I talked about was our mutual fund flows for the period just continuing the context of improvement. I'm not really prepared to talk about our overall flow trends for the quarter-to-date as that may or may not be a good indicator of what the quarter as a whole will be. I will say generally that in the same way that we had strong flows across the -- across our businesses in the fourth quarter we've had good flows for the month-to-date. But it's -- we're only a little over three weeks into the quarter, so I don't want to talk too specifically about anything other than those couple of exceptions I made in my remarks.
Dan Fannon: Okay. And then just a follow-up on kind of expenses and margins, I guess if we think about the last 12 months in the growth of both the beta in the market as well as your flows and essentially margins are flat year-over-year, so can you talk about an environment where you actually could see margin expansion? And then on the contrary given what's happened more recently with market how we should think about flexibility if that market tailwind is no longer there for a sustained period.
Laurie Hylton: Hi. It's Laurie. I think we've talked a little bit about the pressures that we obviously see in the first quarter. It's difficult when we start the new fiscal year because we've got these seasonal pressures that we see each first quarter. And most of them relate specifically to compensation. We did our best to call those out. I would say as we're moving into the second quarter, I did call out specifically on stock-based compensation that we would anticipate seeing some level of relief recognizing that we had some material first quarter retirements that forced us to recognize about $5.5 million of incremental stock-based compensation expense and we've got some seasonal stuff that happens relating to our employee stock purchase plan and our directors plan that probably will provide us some relief as we move into the second quarter to the tune of about $1 million to $1.5 million. In terms of other operating expenses and the way we're thinking about the year, I think we had been telegraphing fairly clearly that we anticipate we're going to be continuing to make some significant investments in technology. I think that there was some – a little bit of first quarter noise associated with normal first quarter events and operations associated primarily with things like charitable giving which tend to be front-end loaded for us, the way that we actually interact with United Way. But we would anticipate that if we see a decrease in the charitable giving in the second quarter we are seeing a modest ramp-up in our technology spend. So overall, we're – we'd like to see margin expansion. We do think that there is opportunity for that. Obviously, the volatility of the last several days has got all of us a little bit cautious about how we're thinking about the next quarter but we would anticipate that there is opportunity. That said, we are taking advantage of the initiatives that we've announced to start to really invest in some of our technology platforms to provide for future long-term growth and we're committed to that. If we anticipate, we have to start making some changes because there's something very disruptive that happens, I'm sure we will address that in the coming quarters. But I think that we all recognize in our business that we are getting pressed from above and pressed from below there. But obviously pressures in terms of fee rates, we've talked about those in – on numerous calls but there's also pressure in terms of the overall cost structure. And we recognize that things like technology and market data are going to be significant components of our overall cost structure and we're going to have to continue to invest in both. So good markets. I think there is opportunity for market – I mean, margin expansion. Just if we get a lift from market that's a – that goes straight to the top line. But we also recognize we've got to continue to invest to actually grow the company.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. On the custom portfolios, Tom you indicated that you're only scratching the surface. So maybe where are those large opportunities that you alluded to, say over like the medium term? And what is the strategy here to tap them?
Tom Faust: Okay. Pretty open ended. So just maybe – just to take a second to talk about what custom portfolios are. What's in that? Three broad categories of things. One is equity portfolios that are managed on a basis that broadly replicates a stock market index but with customization to achieve enhanced tax efficiency, so funded in kind to – at least in part in kind to minimize upfront tax realization; incorporating tax loss harvesting and gain deferral as part of the strategy; and also customization for ESG and other client-specified characteristics. So one piece is what we used to call Custom Core or still – it's what we call Custom Core equity under Parametric. So that's one big piece. A second piece is laddered fixed-income separate accounts. This is the business that recently moved over from Eaton Vance Management Parametric. And then the third piece is a Parametric business called centralized portfolio management. That is where Parametric is engaged by a platform that does multi-manager strategies where those strategies or where the model – where each of the underlying manager's fee is a model for Parametric for implementation on a centralized basis, typically with ongoing tax management as a key part of that. So those are the three key pieces. There's a couple of small odds and ends in addition to that. But when talking about generally where we are with each of those in terms of the comment I made about, we think we've just scratched the surface of this first and talking about what we like to call custom indexing or what the market seems to be calling, primarily direct indexing, so that's – instead of investing in a index mutual fund or index ETF to achieve an index-like exposure, own a significant representative fraction of the underlying stocks in a separate account with the benefits of customization. If you look at the size of the index ETF business and the index mutual fund business, certainly in the trillions of dollars just in the U.S. and you compare that to our business, which is about I think about $110 billion across both institutional and individual separate accounts, the bulk of that being individual, we're the biggest player where a tiny fraction of the percent of the overall market has invested in index strategies through funds. To me for a taxable investor or someone who's motivated significantly by their own personal values, the ability to achieve better results by owning the underlying holdings approach is being self-evident. If this is a relatively easy case to make that in applications where after-tax returns matter, where responsible investing matters, where particularly if you're funding that in kind or in part in kind for investors in higher tax brackets, we don't know this for a fact but our strong supposition is that there are trillions of dollars invested in mutual fund – index mutual funds and index ETFs that would be ideal candidates for achieving a very similar market exposure in what we think of as a better vehicle. So number one is thinking about direct indexing as an opportunity. Number two, switching over to the fixed income side. That business which is on the order of for us I think about $40 billion in this category maybe I think between $35 million and $40 million, this traditionally developed as financial advisers who had used the laddered separate accounts for their clients, increasingly saw the benefit of using a third-party manager that brings ongoing credit oversight, that brings institutional-quality trade execution and the other things we offer in that strategy. That business we think has significant growth opportunities as well but we also see the potential for these two businesses to converge that is for direct indexing to move from being what is today an equity concept to being a concept that's embraced not only by equity investors, but also by fixed-income investors and also the potential to combine equity and fixed income together in multi-asset solutions. So you can imagine a multi-asset target date or multi-asset target risk kinds of portfolios or custom LDI lots of different ways you can think about putting equity and income strategies together in customized individual separate accounts that are demonstrably value-added versus either fund products that are available in the marketplace or perhaps more fully bespoke that is non-automated approaches that are -- that may be used by financial advisers today to achieve similar underlying exposures. No doubt there will be growing competition in this market. No doubt in places we'll see price competition. But we see strong momentum across these markets. As I mentioned, if you isolate the laddered bond individual separate accounts and the Custom Core equity individual separate accounts the quarter's organic growth rate was about 15%. So we're still growing pretty nicely in that business off of a relatively large base. The third piece of this business which has been kind of stagnant of late what we referred to as centralized portfolio management I also think has significant long-term growth potential. That's about a $30 billion business within I think roughly $175 billion of our Parametric Custom Portfolio business. Again, this is Parametric implementing multi-manager separate accounts on a consolidated basis where we act essentially as the implementation specialist for that manager. Growth opportunities here also are not hard to imagine as efficiency of execution as the ability to tilt portfolios to achieve better tax results and as the ability to tilt portfolios to achieve desired ESG exposures those are not concepts that only apply to passive portfolios and you can certainly imagine a world where that business also sees accelerated growth. Today, we're not really growing much in that business. But we think it has potential also to be a driver for us within this category of Parametric Custom Portfolios. So I hope that's helpful, Ken?
Ken Worthington: Yes. That was pretty comprehensive. I appreciate it. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from Mike Carrier with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. 
Mike Carrier: Good morning. And thanks for taking the questions. So overall another quarter strong diversified flows. It looks like just the one area a little lighter was on the institutional side. So just more curious what drove it if there was any rebalancing? And any color in terms of the pipeline?
Tom Faust: The institutional pipeline overall is quite good. We've had -- we have I guess three multimillion dollar -- multi-hundred million dollar pieces of institutional business that we're expecting in the second quarter that gives us certainly confidence in -- and general momentum in our institutional business. And I'm separating out the exposure management business, which is in our institutional flows, but we show those separately. So in -- think about my comments in institutional separate from exposure management. One of the things that has been working against us and worked against us in this quarter we have a large institutional client in bank loans I think which over the last several quarters has been drawing down their position over time. This was a -- this was and is a multibillion dollar client. So there will be some pressure there. We're most of the way through that drawdown. But this is a long-term allocation that over the last maybe four or five quarters has seen a fairly significant drag on both our bank loan business looking at it from a mandate point of view, but also from our institutional separate account business. Not to double-count those, but we report both of those things. So we're -- we think we're getting near the end of that on a -- more broadly we expect good flows in institutional. Some of the thing -- places where we're achieving institutional success one is our emerging market local income strategy, which is a big quite a big asset class outside the United States where we are seeing some success growing that with institutional clients. Also under the Calvert banner, we recently landed a significant institutional fixed income core fixed-income mandate. And also in the offing is a large high-yield bond individual -- institutional separate account offering that we expect to fund in the current quarter. So I would say overall maybe a mixed bag with one fairly significant negative. That's this bank loan client that's been pulling down over time their exposure to us and other managers that they've hired in this category offset by pretty broad strength in other things. Maybe on the equity side just a comment. You probably have noticed that Atlanta Capital has had a quite strong performance over recent years very strong 2019 numbers. And they also have seen a pickup in their institutional business. And that's what you can think of as traditional large-cap U.S. business, which has been as everyone knows a very tough place to grow institutionally. But their -- the distinctiveness of their performance record and their investment approach has allowed them to grow over the last few quarters and have a decent growth pipeline even in an industry environment where very few people are growing actively managed large-cap U.S. equity mandates.
Mike Carrier: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Lee with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Your line is open. 
Jeff Drezner: Hi. Good morning. This is Jeff Drezner on for Rob Lee. Just a quick question. I know you touched on the compensation line. I just wanted to circle back to that for a second just to make sure I caught everything. So there was a $5.5 million expense and then a decrease of about $1 million to $1.5 million that we should not expect to occur again in fiscal Q2, is that correct? Is it -- was there anything else there that I had -- that I missed? I just want to make sure.
Laurie Hylton: No. Hi, it's Laurie again. No. Actually what I said was that there was $5.5 million of stock-based compensation expense this quarter associated with retirements that would not recur in the second quarter. And then there was approximately $1 million to $1.5 million of incremental stock-based compensation expense that is in the first quarter that will not repeat in the second quarter. So I would just say -- I think what we're saying is effectively that stock-based compensation expense is likely to go down between $6 million and $6.5 million in the second quarter.
Tom Faust: Yeah. So just to add the two numbers up -- add the two numbers up not to subtract one from the other to get the expectation for second quarter versus first quarter.
Laurie Hylton: Correct.
Jeff Drezner: Got it. Yeah. I appreciate that. And then a quick question on institutional business. And if you can get -- give some color around some ESG strategies at Calvert and how you see that playing out?
Tom Faust: So Calvert's the -- we acquired Calvert at the end of 2016. At that time very close to 100% of their business was U.S. mutual funds and we've grown that business. We've just about doubled Calvert business. We're not quite there but just about doubled Calvert's business from I think $11.9 billion at the end of 2016 when we acquired Calvert. So that business to date -- the business growth has to date still been primarily mutual funds, mutual funds in the U.S. But our ambitions for Calvert and Calvert strategies and the Calvert brand are certainly much broader than U.S. mutual funds. We're implementing a variety of Calvert strategies as institutional separate accounts in conjunction with Parametric as an offering under our Parametric Custom Portfolios banner. So these are both Calvert indexes as implemented by Parametric also the opportunity to offer Calvert active strategies as implemented by a Parametric. Institutionally, as I mentioned we recently had a significant win with a U.S. pension plan that is -- that was attracted to Calvert based on both the strength of their investment performance capability, but also on the strength of their commitment and support of responsible investing. There are many, many, many mission-driven organizations around the U.S. and internationally that we think there's an excellent potential fit between their desire to achieve both strong investment returns, but also alignment of their portfolio holdings with the mission of that organization. So think about all kinds of mission-driven non-profits as well as pension funds and broader organization endowments where responsible investing is a key initiative and a key focus of those organizations. So not to overplay the term, but again we think we're just watching the surface in terms of our ability to take the Calvert brand from heritage as a U.S. mutual fund provider to making that broadly known and broadly represented not only in mutual funds in the U.S. but also funds outside the United States and individual separate accounts and institutional separate accounts in the U.S. and internationally. Clearly this is a time when Calvert is in many respects ideally positioned to grow with surging interest in the market, in the general category of responsible investing. A lot of confusion about what that is and what that means that Calvert based on its long history there can help educate the market on and all that backed by really quite an exceptional investment performance record across a wide range of strategies. So I mentioned that Calvert had 26% organic growth rate in the first quarter. We're certainly optimistic that we can continue to grow Calvert at a well-above average rate not only drawing upon mutual fund clients, but increasingly separate account clients in both institutional and individual markets.
Jeff Drezner: Great. I appreciate the color on that. If I could just get one quick follow-up just on custom beta products. And just any competition you're seeing there? And maybe competition on price or whatnot?
Tom Faust: So when -- in Parametric custom portfolios there is competition. We will -- and growing competition. There's also a growing opportunity. And so we'll see how that plays out. We think there is a much bigger market opportunity for us and other competitors. It's not surprising given the growth profile of this business that there are other people that are trying this. We think there are significant advantages of scale, significant advantages of experience that we have that new market entrants do not have. But we don't expect this to be a one-player market. There are a handful of other significant players and a few around the edges that are maybe dabbling with this. I don't think there's room for a lot of dabblers to achieve success, but there will be likely a handful of market leaders in this business, of which we would expect Parametric to continue to be the largest among those market leaders as we are today. Price is and always has been one element of the competition in the customized individual separate account business. Mostly it's been about features and service and to some degree also access. Can you get in front of the financial adviser? Can you get access to that adviser? Can you articulate the advantages of a customized individual separate account better than the other guys? Can you demonstrate that you're achieving those advantages better than the other guys? And also, importantly, can you service that relationship better than the competition? And service here is both as-needed high-touch service, but also ideally an element of -- an increasing element of low-touch service, that is using technology to drive enhanced service, which we think is going to be critical to maintaining profitability in this business, if prices on average continue to fall, which we expect, by and large, they will over time in this business. On the fixed-income side, it's a bit of a different story. There are several competitors in the laddered bond space. It doesn't feel like the price competition there is intensified. We worry a bit about equal market access in that market relative to broker-dealers offering in-house strategies that can compete against third-party strategies. Also as I mentioned in my earlier comments in response to Ken's question, we do think there's a significant emerging opportunity for fixed income, direct indexing best solutions that we think we're in a far better position to offer those today, than literally anyone else in the marketplace, based on the development work we've done on those kinds of strategies, which we're pretty excited about the potential for long term, to expand how people think about this category. It's not just replicating or roughly replicating an equity index. It's taking that, combining it with fixed income and over time developing solutions that move well beyond replication or tracking of a benchmark, to helping clients and financial advisers meet their financial needs more broadly, including concepts of target risk and target date and custom LDI.
Jeff Drezner: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Katz with Citi. Your line is open.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you very much. Appreciate all the color. Maybe just two questions. Tom, maybe start with you. Just big picture down, there's been a fair amount of M&A in the landscape, both on the sort of manufacturing side as well as on the distribution side and in varying forms. What if any impact, do you think, that has in your business?
Tom Faust: Okay. Well, I guess, I'll start with time will tell. We don't know -- most of the acquisitions that have been announced haven't been completed. So, the ones that I think we feel most comfortable, we know the answer to, are consolidation within the asset management industry. And how that usually plays out may not play out in the case of the recently announced transaction. But how that usually plays out is that, during a fairly prolonged transition period, there's some amount of migration of assets from the two companies that are merging two competitors. Strategies get put on hold, there are changes, disruptions to investment teams. Those are the kinds of things that the firms that are merging are trying to minimize and those are the things that their competitors are trying to take advantage of and those are the things that their customers and gatekeepers are watching for and very concerned that there may be negative fallout of this transaction from the point of view of them and their clients. So there's always some opportunity. How big that is, is always very hard to gauge. But, in general, consolidation among competitors in the short run creates opportunity for those competitors, just because of the disruption associated with the merger. Longer term, once the thing happens, it very much depends on their ability to execute and lots of things that are very hard to foresee during the period when acquisitions are being announced. In terms of the more distribution oriented or ones affecting wealth management more than asset management, so this would be the Schwab TD Ameritrade or E*TRADE Morgan Stanley that's just to be clear what I'm talking about, those are a little hard to judge. What is important to us is that, we continue to maintain market access. And that is, obviously, critical to our business success. What we have to do to maintain that is demonstrate that we're worth that, that we provide value added relative to what they can do themselves. That's always been true. That continues to be true in our business. With limited exceptions, we sell to financial intermediaries where build versus buy is a decision that they always have. Any one of these firms could decide if they're going to do asset management in-house. How they get there? Who knows. And the record generally of these firms has not been good. These are very different businesses, asset management versus wealth management, and few companies are able to do both well. As I think about industry change, I take comfort in the fact that Eaton Vance, while we're up, I guess, a meaningful company in many respects, with about $0.5 trillion of assets under management, we are in the grand scheme of the asset management business, a pretty small pimple with a tiny market share in the range of 1% or 2%. As you think about the addressable wealth management marketplace and where our $0.5 trillion stands versus the size of that market. I continue to believe that that size is a big -- is a significant advantage for us, allowing us to grow if we execute effectively on our plan, if we're nimble, if we're smart, if we're innovative, if we can deliver for our clients, even as things happen around us that might be viewed as adverse to our overall industry's prospects. If we can be better than most of the rest of the other guys, we can continue to be very successful as a firm. We're not slavishly limited in our growth by the growth prospects of our industry.
Bill Katz: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you. And Laurie just one for you a little bit of a nasty question, so I apologize in advance. Can you break down a little bit on where you're sort of spending the technology? What kind of time line you talk about here? Is this a multiyear effort? And then just as I think about the ins and outs of flows versus fee rates it sounds like a very good flow story. But also I hear nothing about the competition in lower-fee products. So, how do you sort of see the dynamic between organic growth versus revenue growth notwithstanding this was a very good quarter of itself?
Laurie Hylton: Yes. Maybe I'll address the technology question first. I think as we think about technology spend, I'm starting to think about this in terms of new normal. I don't think we're necessarily talking about a one-time big bang we're going to replace a big system and then all of a sudden we're going to be able to stop spending on technology. I don't think that's what we're talking about. What we are talking about is a slightly more consistent incremental spend on technology recognizing that a lot of this is in relation to the initiatives that we've recently announced associated with Parametric and Eaton Vance that we're combining technology platforms, we are looking to invest in technology to ultimately increase our efficiency, increase our effectiveness, bring down the cost of what it actually takes to manage separate accounts on an account-by-account basis. So our goal is to continue to make those investments and we will see an increase in our technology spend over a longer term period. But our goal is to ultimately then be able to leverage that to reduce our overall operating expenses in the future. So, this is from our perspective very much a long-term play and a long-term investment. In terms of revenue, I think as we're looking at our effective fee rates and I think if you look at Attachment 10 in our press release, you can see that they're really on a category-by-category basis. We are not seeing a diminution in our effective fee rate by equity fixed-income alternatives et cetera. What we are seeing is just shifts in mix quarter-over-quarter that ultimately impacts the average effective fee rate for the period. So, I know there's a lot of talk about decreases in effective fee rates. We are not necessarily seeing that by mandate, but we are seeing a decrease year-over-year in our average effective fee rate at the top of the house recognizing that that is being driven by mix. But I think what is positive from my perspective is that as you look at the this quarter ending January -- the quarter ending January 31 versus the quarter ending October 31 we saw no decrease in our overall average effective fee rate. So, we feel very, very positive that we have got some level of stability at the mandate level and that we've got every opportunity to see our average -- our organic growth in assets, if you will, to actually see our organic growth in revenue mirror our organic growth in assets going forward if we are able to continue to advance the ball on our active equity strategies where there are higher fees while growing our somewhat more passive strategies where the fees are lower. So, I think that we demonstrated this quarter that we could effectively do that by producing 5% organic growth in assets and 5% organic growth in revenue.
Tom Faust: And maybe I can just jump in with a couple of comments. If you look at our charts accompanying -- the slides accompanying the call, you can see that over the course of fiscal 2019, there was a bit of a disconnect from our in our ability to grow to achieve organic growth in assets versus our ability to achieve organic revenue growth. So, that's comparing slides nine and 11. If you look at the slides, I guess, it's slides 10 and 11. 10 looks at annualized internal growth in consolidated managed assets on a percentage basis and then 11 looks at that same those same numbers just converted into revenues. The real difference -- the driver of the differences in 2019 was primarily the fact that we saw over the course of that year we saw I think roughly $14 billion of net -- no, I think 12 -- sorry $12 billion of net outflows over the year in two relatively high-fee categories; floating-rate income and global macro strategies that dominate our alternative strategies. The best thing that can happen for us in terms of our ability to achieve organic revenue growth in the same range as our organic asset growth is to stop the outflows in those two strategies. We came we got there in alternatives in the first quarter. We think we're getting very close to that happening in bank loans. Our expectation is for the balance of the year subject to markets is that you'll see a much closer alignment between our ability to grow assets and our ability to grow revenues tied to those assets simply because we don't expect that negative which drove that disconnect last year to continue into this year.
Bill Katz: Its all very helpful. Thank you for the detail.
Tom Faust: Maybe its time for one more question.
Operator: Okay. Our last question comes from Glenn Schorr with Evercore. Your line is open.
Glenn Schorr: Hi thanks. Two quick follow-ups on sustainable investing if I could the conversation. One is I'm curious to get your thoughts on the client interest that you noted and are clearly seeing in terms of dedicated product versus just part of the process of ongoing product. And two is how you think passive plays a role ESG investing. It's counterintuitive but there are products they are getting flows. So, curious on how you think passive impacts pricing and flows yes and sustainable--
Tom Faust: Yes. So, we're -- Calvert has a broad-based menu of strategies in the responsible investing space, including both active and passive. We have – we are growing in active. We're growing in passive. We have good performance in active. We had good performance in passive. That's on the equity side. Fixed income, we really it's – it's an all-active strategy business. I think there's an element of responsible investing that doesn't really cut quite neatly between active and passive and that's the aspect of engagement. So what are you doing to help drive value creation and help improve performance of the companies in which you invest? And you do that through how you vote your proxies, how you participate if at all and shareholder resolutions and the conversations that you engage either individually or as part of groups with the management to try to get them to achieve better results. Those kinds of activities to some degree can cut across both active and passive strategies. As it's – as this business is developing, there's still lot of – this is a pretty fast-moving turf. Lots of confusing terms that out there things that – I use on-term you use another. What I – the term I use might mean something different to me than it does to you. It's going to take a while for that to sort out. But one of the things that I think is clear is that the role of engagement is becoming more and more important in differentiating strategy A from strategy B or manager A from manager B. How do they vote their proxies? How do they participate in shareholder resolutions? How do they, if at all engage with management? So that's a second level of performance beyond the normal way that we measure return. The other things that's I think – I'd say, we're in the early innings of is measuring performance not only in terms of financial results, but also in terms of non-financial results, that is, how does my portfolio compare to an index or some other competitor in terms of tons of ESG, tons of carbon omitted or tons of carbon shaved, lots of different metrics. And again, it's pretty early days, the information is not great. But I think over time as this information develops, we're going to see more and more and better and better reporting on this, so that there's going to be multiple dimensions to how you think about different categories of responsibly invested strategies. Lots of other – I was just on a ICI call on this topic, yesterday, but lots of efforts ongoing to try and bring some clarity to the categorization of different funds, what do these words mean. But if it was and is, and likely will be for the near-term pretty fluid in terms of the terminology and we certainly support industry efforts to bring a little more consistency to that terminology. But what's driving our growth, we think is pretty clear. It's the combination of strong performance plus very credible thought leadership, discipline and performance in terms of the ESG efforts that back our investment teams. Its research, its engagement, its impact measurement, and all that backed by having done this under the Calvert brand, since the early 1980s. So, credibility as a manager, depth of resources as an ESG manager and the tie to strong-performing teams. We think that's the – that's a key to success. Active versus passive, we'll see how that plays out. We tend to think that this is a place where there's greater opportunity for active managers to add value. But as you point out there are also flows going into passive products in this category.
Glenn Schorr: All right. Thanks so much.
Eric Senay: All right. Well, thank you very much for those of you who participated in today's call and we'll speak with you when we have our next webcast for the second fiscal quarter. Thank you very much and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-11-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Eaton Vance Corp. Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentations, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today. Eric Senay, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations. Thank you Please go ahead, sir.
Eric Senay: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter and fiscal 2019 earnings call and webcast. With me this morning are Tom Faust, Chairman and CEO of Eaton Vance; as well as our CFO, Laurie Hylton. In today’s call, we will first comment on the quarter and fiscal year and then take your questions. As always, the full earnings release and charts we will refer to during the call are available on our website eatonvance.com under the heading Investors Relations. Today’s presentation contains forward-looking statements about our business and financial results. The actual results may differ materially from those projected due to risks and uncertainty in our business, including, but not limited to, those discussed in our SEC filings. These filings, including our 2018 Annual Report and Form 10-K are available on our website or upon request at no charge. I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Faust: Good morning, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Earlier today, Eaton Vance reported $3.45 of adjusted earnings per diluted share for the fiscal year ended October 31, which is an increase of 7% from $3.21 per diluted share in fiscal 2018. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, we reported $0.95 of adjusted earnings per diluted share, up 12% from $0.85 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, and up 6% from $0.90 in this year’s third fiscal quarter. Both the annual and quarterly results represent new record highs for the company. We ended fiscal 2019 with $497.4 billion of consolidated assets under management also a new record high, and up 13% from the end of last year. By mandate reporting category, changes in consolidated assets under management versus the prior fiscal year end ranged from growth of 22% for exposure management, 21% for fixed income, 20% for portfolio implementation, and 14% for equity, to declines of 22% for floating rate income and 31% for alternatives. Fiscal 2019 marked Eaton Vance’s 24th consecutive year of positive net flows. For the fiscal year, we generated $23.9 billion of consolidated net inflows, or $12.9 billion, excluding exposure management mandates, which have more volatile flows and lower average fee rates than our other mandate reporting categories. Fiscal 2019 net flows represent 5% internal growth in managed assets. Consolidated net inflows for the fourth quarter were $9.8 billion, or $2.8 billion, excluding exposure management, making the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 our 21st consecutive quarter of positive net flows. Fourth quarter net flows represent 8% annualized internal growth in managed assets. Internal growth in consolidated management fee revenue was a modest 0.1% for fiscal 2019 as a whole, as growth achieved in the second, third and fourth fiscal quarters was substantially offset by first quarter declines. Annualized internal growth in consolidated management fee revenue was 2% in the fourth quarter, which compares to 2% in the prior quarter and 1% in the fourth quarter of last year. To calculate, internal growth in consolidated management fee revenue, we subtract management fees attributable to consolidated outflows for the period from management fees attributable to consolidated inflows, and then measure the difference as a percent of beginning of period consolidated management fee revenue, taking into account the fee rate applicable to each dollar in and out. While other public asset managers generally do not disclose similar growth metrics, we believe Eaton Vance continues to rank among the industry leaders by this measure. Looking at our annual flows by mandate reporting category, equity net inflows for the year totaled $4.8 billion from $1 billion of equity category net inflows in fiscal 2018. Each of our principal investment affiliates contributed positively to equity net inflows in fiscal 2019. Eaton Vance management’s 2019 equity net inflows of $2.3 billion included a corresponding amount of net inflows into privately offered wealth management funds and $1.3 billion into wealth management separate accounts under Eaton Vance Investment Counsel, partially offset by aggregate net outflows from other EVM equity strategies. Atlanta Capital’s $350 million of equity net inflows for the fiscal year were driven by nearly $700 million into the Calvert equity fund, for which Atlanta Capital serves as sub advisor, $250 million into other large-cap growth mandates, and nearly $500 million into the select equity mid large cap strategy, all partially offset by net outflows from Atlanta Capital’s small cap and SMID-cap franchises, which are generally closed to new investors. Excluding the Atlanta Capital managed Calvert equity fund, Calvert generated $2.0 billion of net – of equity net inflows in fiscal 2019 led by emerging market small cap and responsible index strategies. Parametric’s equity strategies had approximately $250 million of net inflows for the fiscal year, as growth in defensive equity and other volatility risk management mandates more than offset net outflows from Parametric’s emerging market equities. Eaton Vance’s fixed income strategies had $11.9 billion of net inflows in fiscal 2019, up 24% from $9.5 billion of net inflows in fiscal 2018. As in fiscal 2018, our fixed income net inflows was added by laddered bond separate accounts, which contributed $6.5 billion across municipal and corporate mandates. Net inflows in the Eaton Vance and Calvert brand in the U.S. fixed income mutual funds totaled $6.1 billion in the fiscal year, including $4.3 billion into taxable fixed income mutual funds and $1.8 billion into national and state specific municipal bond funds. Full leaders among fixed income funds included Eaton Vance short duration government income, with net inflows of $2.65 billion and Eaton Vance core plus bond fund with net inflows of $575 million. Calvert fixed income mutual funds saw net inflows of $1.1 billion for the fiscal year. In our portfolio implementation reporting category, net inflows of $8.4 billion in fiscal 2019 were substantially unchanged from the prior fiscal year and reflect $8.7 billion of net contributions to Parametric custom core equity individual separate accounts and $1.4 billion of net contributions to custom core equity institutional accounts, partially offset by net withdrawals from centralized portfolio management and multi-asset implementation mandates. Combining the $8.7 billion of custom core equity individual separate account net inflows, with the $6.5 billion of laddered bond individual separate account in inflows, what we refer to sometimes as custom beta, contributed nearly $15.3 billion to Eaton Vance’s net inflows for the fiscal year. As shown on Slide 12 of our presentation, managed assets in custom beta individual separate accounts increased 33% year-over-year to end fiscal 2019 at almost a $112 billion. Parametric’s exposure management mandates generated $11 billion of net inflows for the fiscal year versus net outflows of $8.3 billion in fiscal 2018. The positive change year-over-year in exposure management net flows, primarily reflects continuing clients on balance adding to their overlay positions in fiscal 2019 versus net reductions in outstanding positions of continuing clients in fiscal 2018. Net flows from entering and leaving clients were positive in both fiscal 2018 and 2019, as they have been throughout Parametric’s ownership of this business dating back to 2012. In our alternatives reporting category, net outflows of $3.9 billion for the fiscal year, compared to net inflows of $700 million in fiscal 2018 and were driven by $2.7 billion of outflows from our two global macro absolute return mutual funds offered in the U.S. and nearly $1 billion of outflows from global macro institutional sub-advisory mandates. These strategies, which hold the long and short positions in currency and short duration sovereign debt instruments of emerging and frontier market countries generated disappointing returns in calendar 2018, but have rebounded to solid performance in 2019. For the year-to-date through yesterday, total return net of expenses of the Class I Shares of the Eaton Vance global macro absolute return and global macro absolute return advantage funds were plus 7.9% and plus 11.7%, respectively, far outpacing their benchmark in peer groups and restoring these funds long-term performance to competitive levels. Our floating rate bank loan strategies faced similar forward pressure in fiscal 2019, although not driven by performance. On an overall basis, our floating rate category flows moved from net inflows of $5.9 billion in fiscal 2018 to net outflows of $8.3 billion in fiscal 2019. Retail bank-owned funds we offer in the U.S. and internationally had net outflows of $5.8 billion and institutional bank-owned funds in separate accounts contributed another $2.5 billion to fiscal 2019 net outflows. Demand for floating rate loan strategies contracted in fiscal 2019, as investors responded to changing expectations for short-term interest rates. While the outflows we experienced are disappointing, we’re pleased that we have been able to increase our market share among U.S. bank loan mutual funds, reflecting our loan team’s position as an industry leaders and the strong track record the team has developed over time. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, flow trends across mandate reporting categories generally mirrored results for the fiscal year as a whole with continuing net inflows into equity fixed income, portfolio implementation and exposure management mandates and continuing net outflows from floating rate income and alternative mandates. Compared to the preceding quarter, notable swings in net flow results were $4.3 billion increase in exposure management net inflows, a $1.1 billion decline in fixed income net inflows, and a $1.4 billion increase in floating rate income net outflows. Consistent with the year-over-year improvement in exposure management flows, the growth in fourth quarter net inflows for this category was driven primarily by existing clients adding to their overall overlay exposures during the period. In fixed income, the quarterly decline in net inflows reflects reduced flows into Eaton Vance short duration government income fund and somewhat lower net sales of laddered bond separate accounts. In floating rate income, the quarterly increase in net outflows was attributable primarily to higher mutual fund redemptions, as retail investors responded to the Fed’s rate cuts of 25 basis points each instituted on July 31, September 18, and October 30. With the Fed now officially in pause mode with no more rate cuts anticipated and the loan funds offering quite attractive relative yields, we anticipate improvement in our floating rate flows over coming quarters. While flows in and out of our floating rate loan strategies have always cycled up and down with movements in short-term rates and changing economic conditions, we see no reason to believe this business won’t resume its long-term growth trajectory when external conditions are right. A notable positive development over fiscal 2019 was Calvert’s strong overall flow growth. Including the Atlantic Capital managed Calvert equity fund, Calvert generated net inflows of $3.7 billion in fiscal 2019, which corresponds to 25% internal growth in managed assets and growth accelerated as the year progressed. Calvert’s fourth quarter net inflows of $1.3 billion equate to an annualized organic revenue growth of 29%. Since becoming part of Eaton Vance in December 2016, Calvert’s managed assets, including Calvert equity fund, have grown from $11.9 billion to $19.8 billion at the end of fiscal 2019, an increase of 66%. With strong investment performance across Calvert’s diversified lineup of equity income and multi-asset strategies and accelerating market demand for investment strategies that achieved both positive returns and positive social impact, we continue to believe that Calvert represents a significant growth opportunity for Eaton Vance. On an overall basis, fiscal 2019 was a period of continuing strong investment performance across our principal investment affiliates. As of October 31, we sponsored 76 U.S. mutual funds with an overall Morningstar rating of four or five stars for at least one class of shares, including 32 five-star rated funds. As measured by total return, at fiscal year-end, 46% of our U.S. mutual fund assets ranked in the top quartile of their Morningstar peer groups over three years, 62% in the top quartile over five-years, and 58% in the top quartile over 10 years. Amid continuing skepticism about the value of active management, our teams are delivering market beating performance across a broad array of investment mandates. I would next like to provide an update on the strategic initiative involving our Parametric and Eaton Vance management investment affiliates that we announced in late June. As described in August on our third quarter call, the initiative has three principal components. First, rebranding EVM’s rules-based systematic investment-grade fixed income strategies as Parametric and aligning internal reporting consistent with this revised branding; second, combining the technology and operating platform supporting the individual separate – separately managed account businesses at Parametric and EVM; and third, integrating the distribution teams serving Parametric and EVM clients and business partners in the register and investment advisor and multi-family office market. The internal change process supporting this initiative is now well underway with completion targeted for the first quarter of fiscal 2020. As we move closer to finalizing implementation, we’re increasingly convinced that these changes will meaningfully enhance Parametric’s position as a market leader in the rapidly growing customized individual separate account business and position the company overall for faster growth. As we enter fiscal 2020, Eaton Vance is focused on four strategic priorities. First, capitalizing on the near-term growth opportunities presented by our market-leading positions in customized individual separate accounts, responsible investing and specialty wealth management strategies and services, as well as the array of high-performing active strategies we offer across asset classes and investment styles. Second, defending our franchise businesses now experiencing declines, most notably floating rate bank loans and global macro absolute return strategies. Third, evolving the company to enhance our competitive position by developing new value-added investment offerings, achieving greater operating efficiencies and opportunistically pursuing acquisition opportunities. And fourth, investing in the company’s future, both in terms of our infrastructure and our people. As the investment industry continues to weather challenging times, we remain confident in the strength of Eaton Vance’s competitive position and our ability to thrive amid industry adversity. Few peer companies have realistic prospects for near-term and long-term business growth on the same scale as afforded by our leading positions and customized individual separate accounts, responsible investing, especially wealth management strategies and services and high-performing active investment strategies. And few peers are blessed with similar strengths in corporate culture, financial resources, business focus, and marketplace reputation and relationships. We entered fiscal 2020 with confidence in our strengths and optimism about our future. That concludes my prepared remarks. I will now turn the call over to Laurie.
Laurie Hylton: Thank you, and good morning. Tom described, we are reporting reported adjusted earnings per diluted share of $3.45 for fiscal 2019, up 7% from $3.21 in the prior fiscal year. As you can see in attachment two to our press release, earnings under U.S. GAAP exceeded adjusted earnings by $0.05 per diluted share in fiscal 2019, reflecting the reversal of $5.4 million of net excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation awards. Adjusted earnings exceeded GAAP earnings by $0.10 per diluted share in fiscal 2018, reflecting the add-back of $24 million income tax expense recognized in relation to the non-recurring impact of the U.S. tax law changes enacted in December 2017, and a $6.5 million charge recognized upon the expiration of the company’s option to acquire an additional 26% ownership interest in our 49% owned affiliate, Hexavest, partially offset by the reversal of net excess tax benefits related to stock-based awards a $17.5 million. In fiscal 2019, operating income decreased by 6% year-over-year, reflecting substantially flat management fee revenue, a 6% decline in non-management fee revenue and 2% growth in operating expenses. Our operating margin was 30.9% in fiscal 2019 and 32.8% in fiscal 2018. The difference between our reported 7% increase in adjusted earnings per diluted share and the 6% decline in operating income is explained principally by a $50 million positive change year-over-year in non-operating income and expense, a decline in the company’s adjusted effective tax rate from 27.6% in fiscal 2018 to 25.2% in fiscal 2019 and a 7% reduction in weighted average diluted shares outstanding. The improvement in non-operating income and expense was driven principally by higher net gains and other investment income from the company’s investments in sponsored strategies and an increase in income contribution from consolidated CLO entities. As Tom described, we are reporting record adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.95 for the fourth quarter fiscal 2019, up 12% from $0.85 in the fourth quarter fiscal 2018, and up 6% from $0.90 in the third quarter fiscal 2019. Our adjusted earnings per diluted share this quarter include $0.08 of combined contribution from seed capital and consolidated CLO entity investments, compared to the $0.01 contributed in the fourth quarter of last year and $0.04 of contribution in the third quarter fiscal 2019. Earnings under U.S. GAAP exceeded adjusted earnings by a $0.01 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 and $0.02 per diluted share in the fourth quarter fiscal 2018, reflecting the reversal of net excess tax benefits related to stock-based awards during those periods of $1.5 million and $2.4 million, respectively. Adjusted earnings per diluted share in the third quarter of fiscal 2019 equaled GAAP earnings per diluted share with no material adjustments. As Tom noted, ending in consolidated managed assets reached a new record high of $497.4 billion at October 31, 2019, up 13% year-over-year and 3% sequentially, driven by strong net flows and positive market returns. Average managed assets in fiscal 2019 were up 5% from the prior fiscal year. Management fee revenue was substantially unchanged year-over-year, as growth in average managed assets was offset by decline in our average management fee rate from 33 basis points in fiscal 2018 to 31.6 basis points in fiscal 2019. Changes in our average management fee raised year-over-year, primarily reflect shifts in business mix. Performance-based fees, which are excluded from the calculation of our average management fees, contributed $1.7 million to revenue in fiscal 2019 versus a negative $1.7 million in fiscal 2018. Comparing fourth quarter results to the same quarter last year. 8% growth in average managed assets drove 2% growth in management fee revenue. Sequentially, average managed assets increased 4% driving management fee revenue growth of 1%. Management fee revenue growth trailed growth in average managed assets for each of the comparative quarterly periods, primarily due to declines in our average annualized management fee rates of 6% year-over-year and 3% sequentially. Performance fees were a positive $0.1 million in the fourth quarter fiscal 2019 and negative $0.3 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 and a positive $0.1 million in the third quarter fiscal 2019. Fiscal 2019 operating income decreased by 6%, or $34.3 million, primarily reflecting a 1%, or $9.2 million decrease in revenue and a 4%, or $21.9 million increase in compensation expense. Fiscal 2019 revenue was adversely affected by the market declines experienced in November and December 2018. While approximately $8.7 million of the increase in compensation expense year-over-year is attributable to higher severance expense, $6.2 million of which was recognized in the fourth quarter. Operating income increased by 6% in the fourth quarter fiscal 2019 from the same period a year ago, reflecting a 2% increase in management fees, offset by a 5% decline in non-management fee revenue and a 4% growth in operating expenses. Operating income was down 1% sequentially, reflecting a 1% increase in both management fees and operating expenses compared to the prior quarter. Our operating margin of 31.2% in the fourth quarter fiscal 2019, compared to 33.5% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 and 31.8% in the third quarter of fiscal 2019. Turning to expenses. Compensation costs increased 4% in fiscal 2019, primarily driven by higher salaries and benefits associated with increases in headcount, salary increases instituted for rank and file employees, higher stock-based compensation and the $8.7 million increase in severance, partially offset by lower sales-based incentive compensation operating income-based bonus accruals. One-time severance costs associated with employee terminations totaled $10.2 million in fiscal 2019 versus $1.5 million in fiscal 2018. Based on what we know today, we do not expect to incur meaningful amounts of employee termination costs in the first quarter fiscal 2020. Compensation expense as a percentage of revenue increased to 37.2% in fiscal 2019 from 35.7% in fiscal 2018. We anticipate the compensation as a percentage of revenue in the first quarter of fiscal 2020 will likely be modestly higher than the 37% we experienced in the fourth quarter fiscal 2019, given seasonal pressures associated with payroll tax clock reset 401(k) funding, the acceleration of stock-based compensation expense associated with first quarter retirements and year-end base salary increases. Controlling our compensation costs and other discretionary spending remains top of mind as we move into the new fiscal year. Non-compensation distribution-related costs, including distribution and service fee expenses and the amortization of deferred sales commissions decreased 3% in fiscal 2019, primarily reflecting lower Class C distribution and service fee expenses, driven by a decrease in average managed assets of Class C mutual fund shares. This decrease was partially offset by higher service fee expense and commission amortization for private funds, driven by higher average managed assets in these funds. Fund-related expenses increased 7% in fiscal 2019, reflecting higher sub-advisory fees due to an increase in average managed assets to sub-advised funds. Other operating expenses increased 5% in fiscal 2019, primarily reflecting increase in information technology spending, facilities expenses and travel expenses, partially offset by decrease in amortization expense related to certain intangible assets that were fully amortized during our first fiscal quarter of 2019, and a decrease in professional services expenses. We continue to focus on overall expense management and identifying ways to gain operational leverage. Net gains and other investment income related to seed capital investments contributed $0.13 and $0.03 to earnings per diluted share in fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018, respectively. On a quarterly basis, net gains and other investment income on seed capital investments contributed $0.04 to earnings per diluted share in the fourth quarter fiscal 2019, a $0.01 in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 and $0.06 in the third quarter of fiscal 2019. When quantifying the impact of our seed capital investments on earnings, we take into consideration our pro rata share of the gains, losses and other investment income earned on investments and sponsored strategies, whether accounted for as consolidated funds, separate accounts or equity investments, as well as the gains and losses recognized on derivatives used to hedge these investments, we then report the per share impact of net of income taxes and net income attributable to non-controlling interest. We continue to hedge the market exposures of our seed capital portfolio to the extent practicable to minimize the associated earnings volatility. Although we hedge the majority of our seed capital portfolio, gains on the unhedged portion drove with the positive contribution to earnings in the fourth quarter and the fiscal year. Other income and expense amounts related to consolidated CLO entities contributed $0.07 and a $0.01 to earnings per diluted share in fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018, respectively. On a quarterly basis, amounts related to consolidated CLO entities contributed $0.04 to earnings per diluted share in the fourth quarter fiscal 2019 were negligible in the fourth quarter fiscal 2018 and reduced earnings by $0.02 per diluted share in the third quarter of fiscal 2019. Other income and expense amounts related to consolidated CLOs reflect changes in our economic interest in these entities, including the fair market value of our investments, distributions received and management fees earned. Our strategy for CLO equity remains to commit prudent amounts of EV capital to support growth of this business, taking advantage of opportunities to recycle equity in existing CLOs to help fund new CLOs in the future. Turning to taxes. Our effective tax rate was 24.2% in fiscal 2019 and 28.8% in fiscal 2018. The company’s income tax provision for fiscal 2019 included $3.2 million of costs associated with certain provisions of the 2017 tax act relating to limitations on the deductibility of executive compensation that began taking effect for the company in fiscal 2019. The company’s income tax provision was reduced by net excess tax benefits related to stock-based awards of $5.4 million in fiscal 2019 and $17.5 million in fiscal 2018. The company’s income tax provision for fiscal 2018 further included a non-recurring charge of $24 million related to the enactment of the 2017 Tax Act. As shown in attachment two to our press release, our calculations of adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per diluted share remove the net excess tax benefits related to stock-based rewards and the non-recurring impact of the tax law changes. On this basis, our adjusted effective tax rate was 25.2% in fiscal 2019 and 27.6% in fiscal 2018. On the same adjusted basis, we estimate that our effective tax rate will range between 26.5% and 27% for fiscal 2020. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, we use $38 million of corporate cash to pay the $0.35 per share quarterly dividend declared at the end of our previous quarter and repurchased 1.2 million shares of nonvoting common stock for approximately $55.1 million. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding were $114.4 million in fiscal 2019, down 7% from $122.9 million in fiscal 2018, reflecting share repurchases in excess of new shares issued upon vesting of restricted stock awards and exercise employee stock options, and a decrease in the dilutive effect of in-the-money options and unvested restricted stock awards. We finished our fourth fiscal quarter holding $855.5 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term debt securities, and approximately $323.8 million in seed capital investments. We continue to place high priority on using the company’s cash flow to benefit shareholders. Fiscal discipline around discretionary spending remains top of mind as we contemplate, both volatile markets and significant corporate initiatives. As Tom noted, the strategic initiative we announced in June includes investments in technology to support a consolidated individual separate account platform geared towards enhancing scalability and achieving higher levels of operating efficiency. We anticipate that the operation efficient – operational efficiencies gained with this initiative will enable us to grow our customized individual separate account business without making significant additions to our headcount. Based on our strong liquidity and overall financial condition, we believe we are well-positioned to continue to invest in our business to support long-term growth, while returning capital to shareholders. This concludes our prepared comments. At this point, we’d like to take any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Dan Fannon from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Daniel Fannon: Thanks. Just a clarification on some of the comments, Laurie, around severance. So did I hear right that it was $6.2 million here in the fourth quarter and you don’t expect much in the first quarter? And I guess, it sounds like in the aggregate number for the year was a little high, can you talk about where the changes are coming from a headcount perspective, and if there are any other one-time kind of expenses in this fourth quarter number?
Laurie Hylton: Sure, Dan. The severance is largely focused around the initiatives that we announced in June associated with the separate account project with Parametric and Eaton Vance management. So I think, we had announced we have made some significant – we’ve made a very significant hire at Parametric in terms of the Chief Technology Officer and some of the severance related to some employee changes around that initiative. And in terms of other significant fourth quarter impact items, there really was nothing else that would identify as being significant in the quarter.
Daniel Fannon: Okay. And then, so I guess just now that you’re a little bit further along in terms of that restructuring and some of those changes. As you think about next year, I get the comments that you’re focused on efficiency, but is there increased savings or operational leverage as a result of some of these changes that you maybe have greater clarity on today than you did when you first announced this?
Laurie Hylton: Dan, we’re still in very early days. Obviously, we’re working through a lot of the internal changes. I think that we had identified that we’re going to be consolidating sales professionals into a one single channel to cover RIA and multi-family offices, and we’re well underway in actually making those changes. We’re also, as we identified, consolidating under the Parametric brands, our tabs laddered in our corporate laddered businesses, so all those changes internally are well underway. We do anticipate that we will have, as we identified previously, incremental technology spends that we will be – and we will be making those investments throughout fiscal 2020. I would anticipate that we’ll see a modest uptick in our technology spend related to those efforts. We do firmly believe, however, that those efforts over time will result in a significantly more efficient platform, and therefore, we will not be seeing significant increases in headcount associated with that.
Daniel Fannon: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question and really just to kind of follow-up on Dan’s question at first. As we think about 2020, if we’re in normal markets, if sales are sort of similar to the pace that you guys see this year, are margins expected to kind of rise/fall, or do they see the same based on your outlook for these investments?
Laurie Hylton: I would not anticipate that we would see a significant change in margins. I think it’s important to keep in mind that roughly 55% of our costs at this point are fixed, 45% are variable. As I mentioned, we would anticipate seeing a modest uptick in the technology spend. But given the parameters that you outlined in terms of the forecast for next year, I would not anticipate seeing a significant change in margin.
Ken Worthington: Okay.
Tom Faust: And I would just add, that’s assuming that market levels…
Laurie Hylton: …right.
Tom Faust: …stay in the range at where we are today.
Ken Worthington: Okay. Okay, thank you. And I know you’ve been at a couple of conferences and probably addressed this question a bunch. But just on UBS, the changing of pricing for SMAs beginning in, I think, January of next year, so a couple of questions around that. Is Eaton Vance going to opt into the UBS Access or UBS Strategic Wealth Portfolio offerings that have the new pricing? And if so, what might the impact be of that? UBS is calling SMA strategies this month, was Eaton Vance impacted by the calling? And then, ultimately what is the move by UBS mean for Eaton Vance, particularly if UBS becomes sort of the industry standard in how they’re treating the SMAs?
Tom Faust: So a few things in there, I can respond to. So as far as I know, we were not impacted by any calling of products to use your words, so I don’t – we haven’t seen any changes yet. My understanding of the timing of the UBS initiative in separate accounts is that, they’re offering some, what I’ll say, internally or maybe technically managed by not UBS Wealth Management, but UBS Asset Management, but affiliate company offerings will begin entering the market in January 2020, and that they’re looking to add third-party managers to this new program that they announced, I believe starting in July. So we’re still some months away and we certainly have not committed to being a part of that program. Whether or not or to what degree it affects this business, I think, will largely be based on participation levels and I mean, that in two different respects. First, how active are UBS Financial Advisors in introducing these programs to their clients or converting their client business into these new programs. So is there a significant opt-in to these internal programs that will take effect in January? And then second, when the program becomes available to third-party managers, such as ourselves in the second-half of next year, what’s the participation rate among asset managers? And also, again, what’s the participation rate among UBS Financial Advisors? So it’s pretty early days. My impression is that some of the pricing and terms of these offerings are still at least somewhat in flux. One of the things we do like about this is importantly, that it recognizes the distinctive value of tax management and responsible investing with the – I believe under their proposal, this would – there would be a extra client charge, extra payment that would be passed through to the investment advisor associated with assets that are tax managed and assets that offer responsible investing as a component of that, and we are – we believe the market leader in both tax advantage and responsibly managed individual separate accounts. So in some ways, that’s an endorsement of our position in this business. They have described this as a move to bring institutional pricing to the individual separate account business. But from what we understand, the pricing levels that we’re proposing are generally quite a bit lower than our understanding of where institutional prices are. So I think it’ll be a challenge for advisors to embrace the UBS pricing without potentially adversing pricing of other business, where, in many cases, that most favored nation provisions will limit the ability to offer better prices to UBS clients, for example, than are offered to compliance of other broker dealers or other institutional clients. So I think, it’s pretty early days in terms of trying to anticipate what the impact of this will be, but maybe I’ll stop there on that topic.
Ken Worthington: Okay. Well, that was helpful. I really appreciate it. Thank you very much.
Tom Faust: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt from Autonomous. Your line is open.
Patrick Davitt: Good morning. Thank you. You mentioned, the Fed – the change in Fed stance on rates potentially helping flows in the bank loan business, but there has been a lot of increasing chatter about credit weakness in leveraged loans. So could you kind of parse out that view through the lens of potential concerns about credit weakness? In other words like, how could we expect that much better flow picture, people are worried about credit in that product?
Tom Faust: Yes. And that’s the – you’re right. That’s – why do people buy or sell bank loan strategies? These are below investment-grade strategies. So in addition to being floating rate, there is a credit component, that’s what you get paid for as a loan investor as to take credit risk during periods when credit risk is perceived as widening prices of loans typically fall. We have not seen a lot of price action. Bank loan prices have actually been quite stable. Overall moves in terms of the stock market and other sort of broad measures of economic expectations have generally been positive over the last couple of months. There’s certainly nothing in our portfolio of loan exposures, at least to the extent I’m aware, that suggests there are major concerns about credit emerging in the bank loan asset class. At some point, there will be a turn in the economic cycle. We certainly don’t believe that economic cycles have been in some way repealed, but there’s nothing in our crystal ball that suggests that a downward trend is imminent. And from the perspective of our team, the spreads offered and – the spreads and rates offered by floating rate bank loans are quite low today, are quite – sorry, quite attractive today and that the risk of a near-term downturn is seemingly quite low. I would also observe that the history of this asset class through market downturn has been generally quite attractive rates of recovery on loans that default reflecting the senior secured status of these assets. So we don’t see a cycle turning down anytime soon. We know at some point it will turn down, but the history of this asset class is that based on spreads in the market today and in the market over time that investors are being well compensated for the credit risk they’re taking by investing in floating rate bank loans.
Patrick Davitt: That’s all I have. Thanks.
Tom Faust: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Katz from Citi. Your line is open.
William Katz: Okay. Thank you very much for taking the question. Maybe just, Tom, sticking with maybe your thinking a little bit more, you had mentioned in some of your prepared comments some of the three or four things you want to focus on for this year. Could you expand a little bit on maybe two of those points just in terms of “the spending” some of the franchise, parts of the business, the bank loan and global macro? And then, just sort of how you sort of see the industry from a consolidation perspective and how you might think about capital deployment?
Tom Faust: Sure. So let’s first talk about bank loans and global macro. So our bank loans have been in this pretty significant outflow. I’m really focused on U.S. retail, where the flow numbers are quite visible. Remarkable outflows over the last 12 months after a period of inflows and, yes, it pretty well attracts changes in interest rate expectations, though it feels like this cycle of inflows and outflows has been rather amplified relative to the changes in short-term rates that we’ve seen and certainly what we expect from here. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we’re pleased that we’ve gained market share in that environment. We are the flow leader in the category in terms of market share and are gratified that through the downturn, we’ve seen smaller shrinkage in our business than the retail market as a whole, so that’s good. So we feel like we’re entering this – we’re going through this down period by strengthening our position. And I would say broadly that one of the benefits of being an industry leader, and certainly this is a category where we are an industry leader, is that that’s often the case is that opportunities to hold and build market share, capitalizing on leadership positions tend to be the greatest during periods of market weakness and that’s what we’re going through, and that’s what we’re experiencing. And while we don’t like to see the shrinkage in our business, we’re pleased that we are seemingly adding to our position based on industry statistics. In terms of our global macro, this is a business that we’ve grown over the last maybe 10 or so years pretty significantly. Here, too, there’s a certain cyclicality of performance and flows. What tends to happen is that, during periods of general equity market strength and strong returns in bond markets, the value of this asset class as a diversifier is maybe somewhat underrepresented, underappreciated in the marketplace. But during periods when people are concerned about equity risks or concerned about interest rate risk or concerned about certain types of credit risk, the diversifying impact of this asset class and these two funds, in particular, has caused these to be significant flow winners in those environments. So they play an important role in diversifying our book of business in the same way that they play an important role in diversifying the asset class exposures of investors in these strategies. They are – just as a reminder, we have a country picking approach taking long and short positions in emerging market and frontier market debt and sovereign currency – currency and sovereign debt instruments of emerging and frontier market countries. So a quite distinctive return profile. It’s been good this year, approaching 8% for our lower risk, less volatile core offering and close to 12% for our somewhat more aggressive offering in that business. This has been a business, where historically flows have tracked returns. The fact that we’ve got good returns this year to us suggest that we will see improvement next year in the flow picture there. In terms of our overall – just the – maybe with the broader question of our competitive position, as I mentioned, I feel really good about where we are that there are in addition to the two sort of businesses that are in defend mode, that is bank loans and global macro, both of which – it feels to me they either are or should be nearing a point of bottoming in terms of the trajectory of down flows. But also we’ve got a nice group, a very strong group of growth vectors that we think put us in very strong position, starting with the leading position of Parametric in customized individual separate accounts, sometime referred to as direct indexing or custom indexing, where we do see significant opportunities for incremental growth likely to develop out of this initiative to combine our municipal and corporate laddered business under Parametric, which gives us the ability to offer, among other things, multi-asset class structures, all tax managed and managed and reported in a single coherent way. Overall, I think that’s likely to be a tremendous growth driver for us. As I mentioned, our business in wealth management strategies and services is growing our, what we call, Eaton Vance Investment Counsel, had a very strong year of inflows, which we’re certainly hopeful we can build on next year. Clearly, there has been an explosion in interest and responsible investing. Calvert is one of the leading brands in that marketplace. In the U.S. retail space, we see significant opportunities in the next fiscal year to grow not only in U.S. retail, but to start to move beyond that into institutional markets in the U.S. and also growing internationally. We are one of the most recognized brands in responsible investing, and that’s an area where people still struggle for definition and clarity, where our role as an industry leader positions us to really help define and help drive the growth of this business segment going forward. So I really think we’re in the early days of what can be very strong – many years of strong growth for Calvert and more broadly for Eaton Vance in responsible investing. As I look at the industry landscape, sort of trends that we see are likely to be increasing pressures on many parts of the business, I think, we’re likely to see more pressure on top line, driven by continuing price competition in the business. At some point, we’ll see an equity downturn that will put more pressure on companies, where we think we enter that environment from a position of clear strength with not only a number of market-leading franchises, but also strong balance sheet, strong culture, strong leadership, continuity of approach focused on this business, great relationships in the market, history of innovation. We think all of those things will be rewarded in the hard times that we expect our industry to be going through certainly compared to the periods of strong growth that we’ve experienced over most of my 30-plus-years in the business. So we’re not all that optimistic at the moment about near-term trends in our industry, but are quite optimistic about our relative position within asset management.
William Katz: Okay. And just as a follow-up, and thanks for taking these questions. Maybe a two-part or one, can you just – Tom, I lost you a little bit when you were talking about some of the pricing complexities with the UBS in terms of the most favored nations. Just wondering if you could sort of flush that out? And then, stepping back, there has been a bunch of sea chain events on the retail broker/dealer models just in terms of combination of moving to the zero pricing on certain trading, as well as some potential M&A. How full would those events impact Eaton Vance’s pro or con?
Tom Faust: Yes. I guess to be determined, but let me start with the UBS question just to clarify. So maybe I use the term most favored nation provision, which I assume most people would know means that we have arrangements with broker dealers who offer retail managed account platforms. And also in some cases with institutional clients that that say broadly, that we want to offer the same strategy at a better price to a competitor. That is put in there typically at the insistence of the customer. But it also has a somewhat protective effect by enforcing an element of price discipline. So if somebody says within our organization, jeez, this is a great opportunity. We ought to offer this at a discounted fee level. It’s somewhat helpful to our business discipline, if we can say, no, we can’t offer that at that discounted fee level, because that means we have to reprice that same strategy to everyone, but to everywhere where we have a most favored nation provision in place. So that’s the – I think that’s the general idea. I’m not going to get into the specifics on contracts with individual organizations. But I think it’s fair to understand that there are most favored nations provisions employees covering these managed account programs of the type that UBS is – that we participate in a UBS. The other question was about, I guess, specifically the Schwab, TD Ameritrade merger proposal or announcement. And back a few weeks earlier, the elimination of trading commissions in certain retail brokerage transactions initiated also by Schwab. In the short run, I would say those changes, at least, the second, but the first one hasn’t happened yet. The merger of the two companies hasn’t happened yet. But what has happened is the elimination of trading commissions in both the direct business of Schwab and its competitors and they’re serving a registered investment advisors. So far, the short-term impact of that on our business has been positive. The effect is, on our individual customized separate account business is, clients aren’t paying commissions on trades and those accounts, which makes at the margin, owning separate accounts more attractive than owning similar exposures through a fund. And broadly speaking, when we sell customized individual separate accounts, in some cases, we’re competing against fund costs – fund structures, and to the extent, there’s a lower cost for implementing our strategies. That’s a benefit to our growth in those businesses and we have seen that. We have seen benefits from that and a few specific cases. I would say more broadly, as these changes take place with distribution partners and we are partners with all of these firms, increasingly, they will be looking for opportunities to either replace revenues in the case of the loss commissions or to build on existing relationships to otherwise drive revenue growth, that creates opportunities for us. So, I’d say, it cuts both ways. There’s a – there’s business growth opportunity. No doubt, as that industry consolidates, there will be some pressure to also consolidate the number or types of vendor relationships they have, including with asset management firms. And the imperative for our relationship management teams and sales teams is to make sure that if there is a reduction in relationships to include only the stronger relationships that were on the winning side of that, not the losing side.
William Katz: Thanks, Tom.
Tom Faust: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Lee from KBW. Your line is open.
Robert Lee: Great, thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe, Tom, could you just update us – I think it was back in the spring or so exactly when you had kind of filed for your clear hedge non-transparent ETF technology and, obviously, we’ve seen some others get approvals on their submission. So could you kind of update us kind of what you’re thinking about timing with getting some – getting through the SEC, I mean, more optimistic less? And then I guess, I have a follow-up to that.
Tom Faust: Yes. Thanks, Rob. So we are in discussion with the SEC. They control the timing of that, not us. So we can’t really speculate on timing. But I can confirm that we did submit a proposal. We’ve gotten comments back. We’ve been in dialogue with the SEC. We view the approval or the – I don’t think it was the final approval, but notice of intent to approve something to that effect, and being a positive for their openness to innovation in the space. We looked carefully at the terms of those approvals. One thing we would note is that, none of the approaches approved so far permit investments in asset classes other than cash and things that trade on exchanges during U.S. market hours. So generally, U.S. stocks and a few other categories of things, but it does not include traditional fixed income investments, which don’t trade on U.S. exchanges. It doesn’t trade – it doesn’t include foreign stocks. And we certainly believe that there is an advantage to the clear hedge method that should enable it, if approved, to provide funds that follow this method to invest across asset classes with greater confidence of maintaining tight trading markets and also greater confidence that they can maintain tight trading markets across all types of market conditions. So we think the window is open. We don’t know the timing. We’re up – we’re a newer submission than any of those that were approved. So nobody – nobody has jumped us in line in terms of the applications that got a favorable nod last week. But we feel good about the opportunity that’s here. Clearly, it’s going to be a very competitive landscape assuming some version of these now five approved ideas will make their way to the marketplace and time. In some ways, who wins or who loses will be defined by product features, relationships also will come into play, also, pricing will certainly come into play. But we want to continue to be active in this space and think that we have a differentiated technology that potentially, if we can persuade the SEC of this positions us to facilitate the offering of less transparent ETFs across all markets – across all asset classes.
Robert Lee: Okay, great. And this is my follow-up. Tom, you mentioned kind of, obviously, continuing to look at strategic initiatives, including acquisitions, and I guess, really, maybe it’s a two-part question. Can you maybe update us on some of your non-U.S. ambitions three, four years ago or so, you – obviously, you spent time and money kind of building out London. And that kind of almost feels like it’s been, I don’t want to say back-burnered a bit, but there was so much to do in the U.S. kind of hasn’t been front of mind and update us on that? And then if you are thinking about incremental M&A, could you maybe kind of refresh our memories on what some of your priorities would be?
Tom Faust: Sure. Just talking about our initiative in London, it certainly has not been a back burnered. We’ve continued to maintain and grow staff in our London office. We recently opened a small satellite office in Dublin as well. So we are committed to and expect to maintain a presence in the UK and Europe. And what maybe has been back burnered a bit is our ambitions and hopes to do a significant acquisition that would bring us broader non-U.S. distribution and investment capabilities outside of the United States. And it’s not for a lack of wanting, it’s for a lack of confidence that there’s a partner out there that makes sense for us. We kick the tires on a number of potential opportunities. And after, as you said, a few years of trying to do this in a significant way, I know that we’ve concluded that there’s no good partner for us. But we certainly are a bit frustrated that we haven’t found the right partner that in a transaction structure that would make sense for us. So that part of it has been has been back burnered. But certainly, our ambition to grow our business outside the United States organically or through strategic partnerships remains. In terms of things that we are looking for in potential acquisitions, I guess, I would highlight a couple. I’ve talked about our ambitions and our strong platform and responsible investing, if there’s a way to grow that, incrementally, we would be certainly open to that. In the past, I’ve talked about our strong position in credit markets, primarily through bank loans and high yield bonds. But the idea that that can provide a natural springboard for us into the private credit space is also something that we have looked at and continue to pursue. But as always we’ll be price-sensitive as we look at potential opportunities there. A third thing we’ve talked about, I think, I’ve been in this on a call earlier this year is the growth of our private client business or wealth management business, where we’ve seen a good organic growth and where we think there could be opportunities to benefit by participating in industry consolidation among wealth management firms, increasing our global – increasing our footprint across the U.S. and creating avenues for selling our wealth management strategy. So those are the three areas I would focus on. I would identify as focus areas responsible investing private credit in various forms and then wealth management businesses.
Robert Lee: Great. And if I could maybe squeeze one last one in the the exchange fund business, which has been around a while. I mean, we’re pretty far into a decade or so bull market. Just kind of curious if you’re seeing how that business is doing? Is it still kind of resonating as much with investors as it used to and kind of status on that?
Tom Faust: Yes, that remains a good business for us. Those are private offerings. So we don’t provide a lot of detail on how that business is progressing. But it’s a – these are strategies offering diversification out of concentrated stock positions into broadly-based equity portfolios. And you would imagine, as the market cycle matures and people have large gains that those strategies continue to have broad appeal.
Robert Lee: Okay, great. Thanks for taking my questions. Have a great Thanksgiving.
Tom Faust: Thank you. I think, we have time for one more question on our call today.
Operator: Okay. Your last question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks very much for getting me in. Most of my questions have been asked and answered. But maybe, Tom, if we could just maybe one more on the active ETF approvals. Just in terms of the two different models that have been approved the Precidian model versus the T. Rowe model, maybe just your perspective on what investment managers might do if they’re keeping that information proprietary in – which appears to be the structure of the T. Rowe model. And then how your clear hedge model would fit in into that and whether you see the demand not to pick a winner or loser, anything like that. But whether – to what extent you see demand in future demand in what your clear hedge model would you for that type of structure?
Tom Faust: Sure. So, I guess, maybe first to say that what I think people here know, but just to clarify, none of these things are actually approved in the marketplace and there are still some significant steps involved. With our next year’s initiative, we got a – we got an exemptive order issued, I think, in December of 2014, and we launched our first product in February of 2016. So I can’t say what the time window will be for these other strategies, but that was our experience. And we also got a listing and trading approval in the November, December 2014 timeframe. And I don’t believe any of these concepts have listing and trading approval. And I think for many of them, there’s not even an application that’s been filed. So I think it’ll be a while before these still come to market. I think, there have been some speculation that these might be in the market before the end of 2019. I think that’s not going to happen. In terms of clear hedge and where clear hedge – where funds utilizing the clear hedge method might fit into this. We are broadly in the camp of disclosing our proxy portfolio. So in that sense, similar to what you’re calling, the T. Rowe Price proposals, these four different ideas that got preliminary approval last week. What’s different about our approach is that, we include a second step, not only disclosing a proxy portfolio, but adding a second step whereby market makers can lay off the basis risk, that is the relative performance risk between the disclosed proxy portfolio and the funds are underlying assets by transacting with the fund itself through a swap type arrangement. The – so based on this sort of belt-and-suspender approach to achieving better trading efficiency, our case that we’re making to the SEC is that, funds relying on the clear hedge method because of this two step or belt-and-suspender approach to ensuring tight trading can be comfortably applied in places, where the SEC has not to date has been comfortably applying these other concepts, which would be funds that own things other than U.S. equities and cash or things that trade on U.S. exchanges, plus cash, which is the way the market is currently limited. So that’s our case. And also, our case is going to be that, because of this belt-and-suspenders two-stage approach that even in U.S. equity, where these other ideas are approved, our approach can be expected to trade better during periods of market stress, because we’re not in effect asking market makers to place blind bets on the relative performance of the known proxy portfolio versus the unknown portfolio that they are also going long and short in. So it’s a – think about it as a two-step process, one of which is very similar to this recent round of approval. But the other with this ability that we’re providing, where market makers could lay off the relative risk between the unknown fund holdings and the known proxy portfolio, which none of these other ideas incorporate, and that is subject to a patent that was issued to us about a year ago. So we’ll see how it goes. We’ve been in this game for quite a long time. I think we’ve learned a lot and are optimistic that we can put that learning to good use and hopefully see that translate into an approval and market success for funds utilizing the clear hedge method.
Brian Bedell: That’s great color. And then, just I guess in terms of the investment managers going down this path in the future, do you think they would prefer to have proxy portfolios with if they could develop those and thereby keep the – their information private or proprietary to their shops?
Tom Faust: Well, I think, the underlying premise of all these ideas is that disclosing your holdings every day, which is the current fully transparent ETF model, is not consistent with proprietary active management. So if I’m telling the world what my holdings are every day, I don’t consider that proprietary. And if I do that, they’re at least a couple of adverse effects on me that’s the investment advisor or my clients. One is other people can by seeing my changes in daily holdings can learn to anticipate my trades and potentially front run my trades and drive up my trading costs and then drive down returns. The other one is to the extent that on disclosing what is in effect my intellectual property, that is my model portfolio, giving that away to the market for free, I’m inviting other people to take advantage of that by offering the same or similar strategies at a lower price point similar to a generic drug. You don’t want to give away the $4 million and put it out in an unprotected form, which is what fully transparent ETFs do. But also, you’re providing significant information about if it’s a bond portfolio, how you’re feeling about the world in terms of how you’re shifting your duration exposure, how you’re shifting your credit exposure in a way that could give you insights in – give insights to your competitors to take or potentially use to improve their performance potentially and harm your performance. So it’s – do you believe in proprietary management and do you believe there’s something that’s worth protecting about that? If you do, the fully transparent structure, we think falls short. All of these ideas, including our own, are seeking to provide the benefits of truly proprietary active management to end customers in an ETF form, which is not heretofore been available.
Brian Bedell: Okay, great. Thanks for the color.
Tom Faust: Yes. Thank you.
Eric Senay: Okay. Well, this concludes today’s earnings call. I want to thank everybody who participated in the call today and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-08-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Julian, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Eaton Vance Corp Third Fiscal Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Eric Senay, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Eric Senay: Thank you, Julian, and good morning and welcome to our fiscal 2019 third quarter earnings call and webcast. With me today this morning are Tom Faust, Chairman and CEO of Eaton Vance; and Laurie Hylton, our CFO. In today’s call, we will first comment on the quarter and then take your questions. The full earnings release and charts we will refer to during the call are available on our website eatonvance.com under the heading Investors Relations. I will remind you that today’s presentation contains forward-looking statements about our business and financial results. The actual results may differ materially from those projected due to risks and uncertainties in our business, including but not limited to those discussed in our SEC filings. These filings, including our 2018 Annual Report and Form 10-K are available on our website or upon request at no charge. I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Faust: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Earlier today, we reported $0.90 of adjusted earnings per diluted share for the third quarter of fiscal 2019, an increase of 10% from $0.82 in the third quarter of fiscal 2018 and up 1% from $0.89 in the second quarter of fiscal 2019. Our adjusted earnings per diluted share this quarter include $0.04 of combined contribution from seed capital and consolidated CLO entity investments. By comparison, seed capital and consolidated CLO entity investments contributed a combined $0.10 to adjusted earnings per diluted share in the second quarter of fiscal 2019 and had negligible impact in the third quarter of last year. We ended the third quarter of fiscal 2019 with a record $482.8 billion of consolidated assets under management, up 3% over the prior quarter and up 7% from 12 months earlier, and up 10% for the fiscal year to date. By mandate, reporting category changes in consolidated assets under management versus the prior quarter end ranged from growth of 5% for fixed income, 4% for exposure management, 3% for portfolio implementation, and 2% for equities to declines of 4% for alternatives and floating rate bank loans. In the third quarter of fiscal 2019, we had $8 billion of consolidated net inflows or $5.3 billion, excluding exposure management mandates, which have lower average fee rates and more variable flows than our other reporting categories. This represents our 20th consecutive quarter of positive net flows. For the first nine months of fiscal 2019, we had $14.1 billion of consolidated net inflows or $10.1 billion excluding exposure management. Barring unforeseen fourth quarter reversals, we're poised for fiscal 2019 to become our 24th consecutive year of positive net flows. The consistency of our organic growth over the long term speaks to the diversity of our leading investment strategies, the strength of our distribution organization, the performance excellence our investment teams have delivered, and the compelling value proposition offered by the distinctive wealth strategies and services we provide. Our third quarter net flows represent 7% internal growth in consolidated managed assets on an annualized basis or 5% excluding exposure management. Annualized internal growth in consolidated management fee revenue was 2% in the third quarter, which compares to 5% in the third quarter of last year and 1% in the prior quarter. To calculate this measure of internal growth, we subtract management fees attributable to consolidated outflows for the period from management fees attributable to consolidated inflows, and then measure the difference as a percent of beginning of period consolidated management fee revenue taking into account the fee rate applicable to each dollar in and out. This quarter's $1.6 billion of net -- equity net inflows were led by $1.2 billion into Parametric volatility risk management mandates, which include defensive equity, covered call writing, dynamic hedged equity, and other strategies incorporating equity options. Calvert emerging markets, large-cap growth, and responsible index strategies, EVM large cap growth and Atlanta Capital large-cap core and growth strategies also contributed to the quarter's positive equity flows, offsetting net outflows from Parametric emerging markets and the Atlanta Capital SMID-cap and small-cap strategies, which are closed to new investors. Across a broad range of investment categories, active equity strategies managed by EVM, Calvert, and Atlanta Capital have delivered strong return versus benchmarks and peers over recent periods. As of July 31, actively managed mutual funds whose iShares total returns ranked in the top quintile of their Morningstar category over each of the year-to-date 1-year and 3-year periods, included the Eaton Vance large-cap value, balanced tax managed equity allocation, global income builder, and Atlanta Capital focused growth funds as well as the Calvert equity mid-cap, small-cap, international equity, and balanced funds. In fixed income, approximately half of the $3.4 billion of net inflows in the third quarter of fiscal 2019 were attributable to laddered corporate and municipal bonds, separate accounts, which had $1.7 billion of net flows. Among our taxable fixed income funds, the quarter's flow leaders included Eaton Vance short duration government income fund with more than $400 million of net inflows, core plus bonds with $200 million of net inflows, and emerging markets local income with nearly $200 million of combined net inflows into the U.S mutual fund and offshore versions of the strategy. Having recently surpassed $1 billion in net assets, our top-performing emerging markets local income strategy is an increasing focus of our institutional sales efforts, particularly in offshore markets. Across our family of municipal income mutual funds, net flows totaled just over $500 million led by the Eaton Vance National Municipal income, short duration muni opportunities, muni opportunities, and high yield muni income funds. As of July 31, we offered 24 municipal income funds with one or more share classes currently rated 4 or 5 stars by Morningstar, including a 11, 5-star-rated municipal income funds. Our floating rate bank loan strategies had net outflows of $1.2 billion in the third quarter, improving from $1.6 billion of net outflows in the second quarter and $2.9 billion of net outflows in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. Third quarter net outflows reflect approximately $800 million of net redemptions from U.S retail bank loan funds, $500 million of institutional separate account withdrawals, and a $200 million reduction in bank loan fund leverage amounts, offset in part by $400 million of new collateralized loan obligation assets under management added during the quarter. Although positioning floating rate investments for sales success during periods of falling interest rates can be a challenge, we continue to be pleased with the resilience of our bank loan business, particularly in U.S retail. As the bank loan mutual fund category has experienced unprecedented net outflows this year, our managed assets and flows have held better than most competitors, enabling us to expand our industry leading-market share. Although we can't predict when the market’s appetite for high-yielding floating rate investments will improve, we know that it will. With distribution rates now in the 6% range for the iShare classes of each of the three Eaton Vance bank loan[ph] mutual funds we offer, not a lot of change in sentiment may be required for each retail interest in bank loan investing to pick up. Our funds and separate accounts classified as alternative had net outflows of approximately $650 million in the third quarter, a deterioration from approximately $475 million of net outflows in the quarter ended April, but a sharp improvement from $2.2 billion in net outflows in the quarter end of January. Managed assets in this flow -- inflows in this category are dominated by our two global macro absolute return mutual funds offered in the U.S., which ended the quarter with a combined $7.1 billion under management. Flows into these funds tend to rise and fall with their returns. When returns of our global macro funds are well in excess of U.S risk-free rates, as they have been this year, net inflows normally follow. While not insulated from event risk, our global macro funds offer the potential for attractive levels of absolute returns that are substantially uncorrelated to U.S equity and bond market returns, which could be especially appealing an environment of low bond yields and high economic uncertainty. In our portfolio implementation reporting category, third quarter net inflows of $2.1 billion, reflect $2.5 billion of net contributions to Parametric custom core equity individual separate accounts, $250 million of net contributions to custom core institutional accounts and $650 million of net withdrawals from centralized portfolio management mandates. As mentioned previously, our municipal and corporate laddered bond individual separate accounts contributed $1.7 billion to net inflows in the third quarter. When combined with the $2.5 billion of net inflows into custom core equity individual separate accounts, inflows into our industry leading suite of custom beta strategies offered as individual separate accounts totaled approximately $4.2 billion in the third quarter. As shown on Slide 12 of our presentation, our custom beta individual separate accounts crossed the $100 billion AUM mark this quarter with nearly $105 billion of managed assets as of July 31. For the fiscal year-to-date, net inflows into our custom beta individual separate accounts have totaled approximately $12 billion, representing annualized internal growth of 19%. In late June, we announced the key strategic initiative involving our Parametric and Eaton Vance Management investment affiliates. The initiative has three principal components, rebranding EVM's rules based systematic investment grade fixed income strategies as Parametric and aligning internal reporting consistent with this revised branding. Second, combining the technology and operating platforms supporting the individual separately managed account businesses, as Parametric and EVM; and third, integrating the distribution teams serving parametric and EVM clients and business partners and a registered investment advisor and multifamily office market. As announced in June, the initiative will bring to Parametric industry-leading expertise and systematically managed investment-grade municipal taxable and crossover tax-free taxable fixed income strategies. Based on assets under management as of July 31, approximately $42.5 billion of systematically managed fixed income assets will transfer from EVM to Parametric, representing approximately 9% of Eaton Vance's consolidated assets under management. Along our driver of Eaton Vance's above industry growth trajectory, Parametric becomes even more of a differentiator going forward. As a result of this strategic initiative, Parametric's custom core benchmarked based separate account offerings will expand to encompass fixed income securities and maturity base and liability driven portfolio benchmarks. Customized benchmark separate accounts, which are for sometimes referred to as custom indexing, compete against index ETS and index mutual funds on the basis of enhanced tax efficiency, increased client control over portfolio construction and management and the avoidance of pass-through fund operating and trading costs. Industry observers have identified custom indexing as one of the most promising trends in investment management. This is a market we lead today and are committed to growing aggressively. By expanding Parametric solutions set and customized benchmark based separate accounts and investing in technology to enhance client service and realize operating efficiencies and scale economies, our goal is to further solidify Parametric's position as market leader and position this business for accelerated growth. In late June, we announced that Ranjit Kapila will join Parametric as Chief Technology Officer and Head of Operations. And the promotion of Desmond Gallacher to become Chief Technology Officer of Eaton Vance Management and Calvert. Ranjit formally served as Global Head of Portfolio Management Investment Systems for BlackRock, where he was responsible for leading strategy and development for portfolio management applications across equity, fixed income and multi-asset portfolios for BlackRock and Aladdin clients. Des, joined Eaton Vance in 2014 and served most recently as EVM's Division Head of Investment Technology. This appointment support the Parametric strategic initiative of continue to advance the technologies underpinning the EVM fundamental active and Calvert responsible investment offerings and related services. Although Ranjit does not arrive at Parametric until next month, the change process supporting our strategic initiative is now well underway. Dedicated teams have been established to execute on each of the major components, turning go live dates principally in the first quarter of our fiscal 2020. While we anticipate a period of elevated investment to support the newly combined SMA platform, spending will be less than if we had continued to maintain separate platforms for Parametric and EVM. We expect these investments to be offset by increased revenue growth and cost savings realized from greater operating efficiencies. As we consider our strategic position in the evolving asset management industry, we feel very good about where Eaton Vance sits. Through the expanded Parametric, we are the leader across asset classes and customized benchmark based separate accounts, a market with strong current momentum and limitless growth potential. In Calvert, we hold one of the foremost brands and deepest research and engagement capabilities and responsible investing with a track record of significant sales success over the two and two-thirds years Calvert has been part of Eaton Vance. Eaton Vance Management is a market leader across a range of specialty income investment areas: bank loans, high yield bonds, mortgage-backed securities, emerging market debt and municipal bonds were active strategies continue to compete effectively against passive alternatives. EVM equities focus primarily on distinctive growing niches, focused on risk control and after tax income and returns. Atlanta Capital now offers an array of exceptionally well performing active equity strategies, their poise for accelerated growth. The strength of our investment offerings is supported by one of the top sales and marketing organizations in the business, a culture of innovation and excellence in client service and a capital structure and leadership team, we believe are supportive of long-term success. While these continued to be challenging times for the asset management industry, we remain optimistic about the future of Eaton Vance, both near-term and long-term. That concludes my prepared remarks. I will now turn the call over to Laurie.
Laurie Hylton: Thank you and good morning. As Tom described, reporting adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.90 for the third quarter of fiscal 2019, up 10% from the $0.82 in the third quarter of fiscal 2018 and up 1% from $0.89 in the second quarter of fiscal 2019. As you can see in attachment two to our press release, adjusted earnings per diluted share in the third and second quarters of fiscal 2019 equaled earnings per diluted share under US GAAP with no material adjustments. GAAP earnings exceeded adjusted earnings by a penny per diluted share in the third quarter of fiscal 2018, reflecting the reversal of $1.3 million of net excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation awards. In the third quarter fiscal 2019, operating income decreased by 4% year-over-year, reflecting a 2% increase in management fee, a 7% decline in non-management fee revenue and 3% growth in operating expenses. Operating income was up 8% sequentially, reflecting a 5% increase in management fees, 6% growth in non-management fee revenue and 3% higher operating expenses compared to the prior quarter. Our operating margin was 31.8% in the third quarter of fiscal 2019, 33.2% in the third quarter of fiscal 2018 and 30.9% in the second quarter of fiscal 2019. Ending consolidated managed assets reached a new record high of $482.8 billion at July  31, up 7% year-over-year and 3% sequentially, driven by strong net flows and positive market returns. Average managed assets this quarter were up 6% from the same period last year. Management fee revenue growth trailed growth in average managed assets year-over-year, primarily due to decline in our average annualized management fee rate from 33 basis points in the third quarter of fiscal 2018 to 31.8 basis points in the third quarter of fiscal 2019. Versus the prior quarter, average managed assets were up 3%. On a sequential basis, management fee revenue growth exceeded growth in average managed assets, primarily due to the impact of three more fee days in the third quarter. This quarter's average annualized management fee rate of 31.8 basis points was flat in comparison to the second quarter of fiscal 2019. Changes in our average annualized management fee rates over the comparative period primarily reflects shifts in our business mix and variations in fund subsidies. Included in management fees is a contra-revenue item, fund subsidies were down the $1.8 million year-over-year and $3.2 million sequentially, primarily due to a reduction in fund custody expenses resulting from the renegotiation of a service provider contract. Performance based fees, which are excluded from the calculation of our average management fee rate were a positive $0.1 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2019, a negative $0.4 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2018 and a positive $1.8 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2019. In the third quarter of fiscal 2019, our annualized internal growth and management fee revenue of 2% trailed annualized internal growth in managed assets of 7%, primarily due to a mix of higher fee and lower fee strategies within our inflows and outflows during the quarter. This compares to 5% annualized internal growth in management fee revenue and 3% annualized internal growth in managed assets in the third quarter of fiscal 2018 and 1% annualized internal growth in management fee revenue and 4% annualized internal growth in managed assets in the second quarter of fiscal 2019. Turning to expenses. Compensation costs increased 4% year-over-year, primarily driven by higher salaries and benefits associated with increases in headcount and higher stock-based compensation, partially offset by lower operating income based bonus accruals and lower sales based incentive compensation. Sequentially, compensation expense increased 3%, primarily reflecting higher salaries driven by increases in headcount and the impact of three more payable days in the third fiscal quarter, higher stock-based compensation, higher operating income based bonus accruals and higher sales based incentive compensation, all partially offset by decreases in payroll taxes, benefits and performance based bonus accruals. Non-compensation distribution related costs, including distribution service fee expenses and the amortization of deferred sales commissions decreased 2% from the same quarter a year-ago, primarily reflecting lower Class C distribution and service fee expenses, driven by a decrease in average managed assets of Class C mutual fund shares. This decrease was partially offset by higher service fee expense and commission amortization for private funds driven by higher average managed assets in these funds. Sequentially, non-compensation distribution related costs increased 6%, primarily reflecting higher marketing and promotion costs, an increase in Class A and private fund service fee expenses, driven by higher average managed assets and Class A mutual fund shares and private funds. Funds related expenses increased 5% year-over-year, reflecting higher sub-advisory fees due to an increase in average managed assets in sub-advised funds. Sequentially, funds related expenses decreased 2%, reflecting a decline in other fund expenses paid for by the company, partially offset by an increase in sub-advisory fees due to higher average managed assets in sub-advised funds. Other operating expenses increased 6% from the third quarter of fiscal 2018, primarily reflecting higher information technology, facilities in travel expenses, partially offset by a decrease in amortization expense related to certain intangible assets that were fully amortized during the first quarter of fiscal 2019. Other operating expenses were flat sequentially, reflecting increases in information technology, facilities and travel expenses offset by a decrease in professional services expenses. We continue to focus on overall expense management and identifying ways to gain operational leverage. Net gains and other investment income on seed capital investments contributed $0.06 to earnings per diluted share in the third quarter of fiscal 2019. A penny to earnings per diluted share in the third quarter of fiscal 2018 and $0.03 to earnings per diluted share in the second quarter of fiscal 2019. When quantifying the impact of our seed capital investments on earnings each quarter, we take into consideration our pro rata share of the gains, losses and other investment income earned on investments and sponsored strategies, whether accounted for as consolidated funds, separate accounts or equity investments as well as the gains and losses recognized on derivatives used to hedge these investments. We then report the per share impacts net of income taxes and net income attributable to non-controlling interest. Looking through the hedge to the market exposures of our seed capital portfolio to the extent practicable to minimize the associated earnings volatility. Although we hedged majority of our seed capital portfolio, gains on the unhedged portion drove deposit contribution to earnings this quarter. Non-operating income expense includes net expenses from consolidated CLO entities of $3.5 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2019. This compares to net expenses of $1.2 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2018 and net income of $11 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2019. Other income and expense amounts related to consolidated CLO entities reduced earnings per diluted share by $0.02 in the current quarter, a penny in the third quarter of last year and contributed $0.07 per diluted share in our second fiscal quarter of 2019. Other income expense amounts related to consolidated CLOs reflect changes in our economic interest in these entities, including the fair market value of our investment, distributions received and management fees earned. Our strategy for CLO equity remains to commit prudent amounts of EV capital to support growth in this business, taking advantage of opportunities to recycle equity in existing CLOS to help fund new CLOS in the future. Turning to taxes. Our effective tax rate was 25.5% in the third quarter of fiscal 2019, 26.2% in the third quarter of fiscal 2018 and 25.1% in the second quarter of fiscal 2019. The company's income tax provision for the third and second quarters of fiscal 2019 includes $1.1 million and $0.7 million respectively of charges associated with certain provisions of the 2017 Tax Act relating to limitations on the deductibility of executive compensation that began taking effect for the company in fiscal 2019. The company's income tax provision was reduced by net excess tax benefits related to stock based awards, totaling $0.6 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2019, $1.3 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2018, and $0.3 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2019. As shown in attachment two to our press release, our calculations of adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per diluted share remove the net excess tax benefits related to stock based awards and the nonrecurring impact of the tax law changes. On this basis, our adjusted effective tax rate was 25.9% in the third quarter of fiscal 2019, 27.1% in the third quarter of fiscal 2018 and 25.3% in the second quarter of fiscal 2019. On the same adjusted basis, we estimate that our quarterly effective tax rate for the balance of fiscal 2019 and for the fiscal year as a whole will range between 25.9% and 26.4%.  During the third quarter of fiscal 2019, we used $38.6 million of corporate cash to pay the $0.35 per share quarterly dividend declared at the end of our previous quarter and repurchased 1.5 million shares of nonvoting common stock for approximately $61.3 million. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding were 113.5 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2019, down 8% year-over-year, reflecting share repurchases in excess of new shares issued upon investing a restricted stock awards and exercise on employee stock options and a decrease in the dilutive effect of in-the-money options and unvested restricted stock awards. Sequentially, weighted average diluted shares outstanding were down 1%. We finished our third fiscal quarter holding $777.8 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term debt securities and approximately $368.6 million in seed capital investments. We continue to place high priority on using the company's cash flow to benefit shareholders. Fiscal discipline around discretionary spending remains top of mind as we contemplate both volatile market and significant corporate initiatives. As Tom noted, the strategic initiative we announced in June will include investments in technology to support a consolidated individual separate accounts platform geared towards enhancing scalability and achieving higher levels of operating efficiency. We do not currently anticipate that there will be significant adds to staff associates with these investments. We can provide additional color on related headcount and spending when we report our earnings for the fiscal year. Based on our strong liquidity and overall financial condition, we believe we are well positioned to continue to invest in our business to support long-term growth, while returning capital to shareholders. This concludes our prepared comments. And at this point, we would like to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Patrick Davitt from Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Patrick Davitt: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. I might be splitting hairs here, but I feel like when you announced the repositioning in June, you kind of pushed back on the view that it could drive more incremental efficiency on the cost side. But Tom's comments this morning highlighted cost savings and efficiency. Just curious if you maybe identified a bigger operating leverage opportunity on the cost side as you’ve gone through the process just over the last couple of months.
Tom Faust: Yes, I would put it -- maybe I would agree with your assessment that it's maybe splitting hairs here. I don't think we're far enough into this to have a really very different view on kind of what the spin levels will be and what the resulting impact on operating efficiencies and scale economies would be. We are working on, we put a lot of effort into this. We made some real progress. As I noted, Ranjit, who will be joining Parametric towards the end of next month, isn't here yet, so we can lay a little bit of this uncertainty on the fact that the person that’s going to be driving this isn't here yet. It's not like we haven't done anything. In fact, we’ve done quite a bit to prepare for the launch of this new platform. But in terms of quantifying the margin impact of how this is going to impact our overall business or even impact the profitability of that particular part of our business, I think it's quite premature to say that. I will say that this is a business where continuous investment in technology are just par for the course. We’ve scaled this thing up to something like 80,000 separate accounts, and we are looking for ways to continue growing that business to a multiple of its current size. We know if we do this right, there will be significant CL economies. It does not take twice as many people to run 160,000 accounts as it does 80,000 accounts, particularly if we invest in technology the right way. So, a little bit vague in the answer. Sorry, I can't be more helpful. Directionally, we know we are going to be spending a bit more money in the near-term, but we're highly confident that’s going to pay off with operating efficiencies and scale economies down the road as we grow that business.
Patrick Davitt: Thank you. And as a follow-up, there has been some chatter about some larger asset management properties in Europe becoming available. As we think about M&A as a piece of the capital return story, could you update us your thinking around your appetite for deals like that and within that any detail on what kind of asset classes, wrappers, or distribution pipes would be most attractive to you?
Tom Faust: I certainly can't comment on anything specific. We're not aware of -- there aren't major opportunities that we're looking at in Europe that we are at a point where we could comment on, not that we would. I would say areas of interest to us relate primarily to rounding out our business in ways that are -- that we view as complementary to what we're doing now. I would put on that list extending our credit capabilities into private assets. We’ve also looked at things recently expanding our small wealth management business to leverage our capabilities in wealth management solutions. Beyond that, I would say we’re opportunistic. We'd like to grow in responsible investing. We have a -- we think very strong platform, really a couple of platforms there with Calvert and what Parametric does in customized separate account solutions with responsible investing being one of the key value adds there. Those are probably the areas I would highlight for us. We are -- our business continues to be approximately 95% in the U.S and 5% outside. We’ve stated our long-term goal to become more diversified internationally. But we are only going to do an acquisition that we think makes sense to us and we are highly confident it's going to bring value to our shareholders.
Patrick Davitt: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Melinda Roy: Hi. This is actually Melinda Roy filling in for Brian Bedell. Maybe just a couple more on the retail SMA business. Can you talk about what portion of the business is concentrated in Parametric strategies and where you see most growth coming from an intermediate term? And then on the culmination of the EVM and Parametric's platforms, how specifically do you think that could improve organic growth once the combination is kind of complete?
Tom Faust: Yes. So, I think I scaled the business at about $105 billion of what we call custom beta. So that's the Parametric custom core business as well as the municipal and corporate bond laddered offer -- laddered products offered at individual separate accounts. We have additional individual separate account businesses. There are actively managed muni pieces, there are active managed equity businesses as well. 
Laurie Hylton: [Indiscernible].
Tom Faust: What do you have for the total there?
Laurie Hylton: It’s [audio disturbance].
Tom Faust: The -- but the biggest growth opportunities we see are in what we call custom beta, which is I believe slide 12 of the handout had the growth trajectory. We’ve been on there. Year-to-date, 19% annualized internal growth. We think we're positioned to see -- we hope, we bet we don't know this, but we hope an acceleration of that growth as we move the muni and corporate capabilities there under Parametric. We think there will be new product strategies that will emerge out of that, that will give us the potential to do things that we don't do today. We think the investments that we're making in technology to enhance service levels and drive scale economies will position us more attractively versus competitors where our goal would be that to gain market share over time. We think there is a -- there is room in this market for multiple competitors, but we intend to maintain our position as the market leader.
Melinda Roy: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Carrier from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Mike Carrier: Good morning and thanks for taking the question. Maybe first just on the operating leverage. So, Laurie, you guys had positive operating leverage quarter-over-quarter. I’m assuming that’s the days in the markets. But it sounds like, you guys are focused on that, in terms of the expense discipline. You also mentioned just some of the investments with the Parametric initiative. So just wanted to get your thoughts on how we should be thinking about expenses, maybe operating leverage, particularly just given the strength that you guys are seeing on the flow side?
Laurie Hylton: Yes, we are not prepared to provide any guidance at this point. But in terms of the way that we’re thinking about we recognize that we got a significant investment that we are looking to make in this project. And I think what we are very much aware of is that we are going to have to stay very, very tight on all of our other spending in order to ensure that we can focus our attention and our resources on this initiative and be as efficient as we can in terms of deployment of capital. Now recognizing that when you are talking about technology projects, obviously they’re going to be -- there's a portion of this that will be operating a portion of this will be capital. And as we finalize our thoughts around our longer term strategic vision for the platform, we are going to figure those components out and we certainly will hope to be able to provide more guidance as we move into the fourth quarter. But I would say that overall, we are looking to really keep our spent tight as we are moving into the fourth quarter on all of our other general corporate spending recognized and that we want to be able to put as much as we can into this project and -- because we do believe that there's tremendous long-term leverage to be gained by building a scalable platform that’s going to be highly efficient and it's going to have a solid operational foundation for us to do the types of product initiative as Tom mentioned earlier.
Mike Carrier: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just on the overall like investment performance inflows. Things have been very strong, particularly relative to the industry. The shorter term performance, it's probably a little bit weaker that we’ve seen. Just any color on maybe what’s driving that? Any concerns, the 3, 5, 10 is still very solid, but just any concerns on the shorter term side?
Tom Faust: I guess it depends where you're looking. We’ve got pretty broad business. If you look at our equity performance to starting there, we're really having a quite strong year where Calvert strategies, Eaton Vance managed equities and particularly the Atlanta Capital strategies, which in many ways are our purest for compete on performance equity mandates, really exceptional, high performance there. That group as you may know also runs the Calvert equity fund, which also has had strong performance. So we are seeing flows into -- positive flows into active equity strategies that are not completely, but we would assume are being driven largely by that -- the strong performance numbers that we’ve been putting up over the last, let's say, year and 3-year periods. On income side, I think generally a good story. Our -- because our bank loan assets are fairly large percentage of our total. We have seen a -- maybe somewhat of a falling off in performance there, nothing that we're worried about. But we had a significant boost to performance last year that came as some loans that we had held through restructuring process, paid off in a major way as -- to us is equity holders as they came to a restructuring. We haven't had that same effect this year, so our bank loan performance has been more muted across fixed income. The primary driver of relative performance year-to-date and particularly over the last three months has been duration exposure. So if you're long relative to your peers, you’ve had the wind at your back. If your shorter duration relative to peers, you had the wind a bit in-your-face. We have an array of short duration income strategies. The biggest being our short duration government income fund which really had a exceptional performance run. It's been facing a bit of a performance headwind this year, primarily because relative to its peers it is shorter duration than its peers. And in the government category duration is going to be a primary driver of short-term periods, particularly during months like we've seen recently when we’ve had sharp movements. Sharp movements in this case down in treasury yields. So it's really nothing that from a competitive point of view we're fighting against. We continue to see good flows into that short duration Government Income Fund, despite a fall off in relative performance versus other funds in that government category. Same with bank loans, a relative performance versus peers over the year-to-date period has fallen a bit. The longer-term track record there is exceptional and as I mentioned our market share there based on the numbers we see continues to grow. So there's certainly -- we don't see a performance problem for Eaton Vance over all or for any of our major strategies. In fact, I would point to performance of our active equity strategies, Calvert branded and Atlanta Capital managed in particular, as creating opportunities for us to sell places that we wouldn’t if we had more pedestrian returns.
Mike Carrier: Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Worthington from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Ken Worthington: Hi. Good morning. First on the leverage loan market. We've seen some leverage loan deals slip in recent weeks. Talk about the CLO market, the floating rate market more broadly, any implications for Eaton Vance including any balance sheet exposure you might have here?
Tom Faust: So we have a relatively small CLO business. I think they’re 4 or 5 active CLOs that we managed. It is a pretty small balance sheet exposure. Overall, bank loans are important business for us. We have been in net outflows there as described. There is nothing systemic there that we're particularly worried about. We believe the outflows have been primarily driven by the fact that these are floating rate assets and people are expecting short-term rates to come down, that's a strong market consensus probably will prove right. But we don't see significant issues on the credit side. Nothing is showing up in our portfolios to date. We're very aware that these are below investment grade loans and that these are subject to credit risk. We maintain broadly diversified portfolios. To date, we have not had issues with liquidity or -- so we generally feel that things are okay. On balance, we think that the stimulative moves that are starting to happen in the U.S and in other Western economies are broadly supportive of good credit performance and bank loans. So on the one hand, shorter rates make -- can make floating rate assets less appealing from a yield perspective. They also have the effect generally of reducing economic risk of significant credit losses. But we're mindful that we're at -- we are -- we're long into the current economic cycle. We are mindful of the fact that flat or inverted yield curves are sometimes viewed and have been markers of coming prudence of economic weakness. But to date, we are not seeing that in our bank loan portfolios.
Ken Worthington: Okay. Okay. Thank you. In terms of the $42.5 billion transferred to Parametric, do your clients need to affirm the transfers in any way, or their new contracts that result with this transfer? Trying to get a sense if there's any risk to either the fee agreements that you have, or even the assets. Is there any chance that assets may slip here.
Tom Faust: No. That the key is that it is not deemed an assignment for purposes of the contracts. And we have a legal opinion to that effect, which we’re making available through our business partners, primarily this is the separate managed account business where this is -- potentially an issue. But we've gotten -- I would say, no pushback from clients or intermediaries about the change. There is no change in control. We control these businesses through Eaton Vance Management today. We will control them in the future through Parametric, which is a control subsidiary. The same people will be running the strategies, the same investment style. It's a change in branding and ultimately organizational reporting responsibilities. But nothing that we think clients should be concerned about and nothing that we think based on evidence that clients are concerned about performance records will carry over. No change from a client's point of view other than a different name associated with the brand.
Ken Worthington: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Katz from Citi. Your line is open.
Ben Herbert: Hi. Good morning. Its Ben Herbert on for Bill. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to follow-up on Mike's question regarding operating leverage. And Laurie, last quarter you mentioned the comp ratio should trend down going forward. And then recently you said -- today you said no headcount change with the strategic initiatives announced at the end of June. So can we still think that comp ratio should kind of move down over time here into 2020?
Laurie Hylton: Into what?
Ben Herbert: 2020.
Laurie Hylton: Oh, into 2020. I wouldn’t be making any prognostication at this point about 2020. I would anticipate that the comp ratio in the fourth quarter is probably not going to look dramatically different from the comp ratio in the third quarter. So I think that’s probably a fair assessment. But I wouldn’t be making any prognostications beyond that.
Ben Herbert: Okay. And then a follow-up would just be on the ALPS [ph] fee rate. There was a significant tick up quarter-over-quarter. Just wanted to understand kind of the underlying dynamics behind that.
Tom Faust: Yes. We talked about how we benefited during the quarter of a renegotiation of a custody fee agreement where -- because the custody fees are highest for emerging markets, non-U.S markets, which are -- were those assets tend to be concentrated in alternative strategies. The impact of that on our effective fee rates was positive during the quarter which reflect that -- reflects the fact that a fair bit of the subsidy activity that we’ve been had in our funds is connected to those strategies and where the relief in terms of lower custody fees fell in part to benefit of the fund, then also fell in part to us to the extent we're providing subsidies to keep fund fee levels at a flat level.
Ben Herbert: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Lee from KBW. Your line is open.
Robert Lee: Great. Thanks for taking -- excuse me, thanks for taking my questions. Can you maybe just talk a little bit, Tom, you had mentioned early on some pretty good success and what I would call more defensive equity strategy. So could you maybe break that down a little bit kind of how that's compares in a retail versus institutional and then maybe any color you may have on any institutional pipeline, whether it's through those strategies, Calvert or otherwise?
Tom Faust: Yes, we don't have much of a pipeline in active equity institutional accounts. Most of the sale success we are seeing for active equity is retail either funds or in some cases individual separate accounts. Most of that active business is through model programs. But the places where we're seeing sales success are primarily high-performing equity strategies, branded Calvert, sorry. So it's the one-two punch of strong performance, which is a distinctive factor and also the strong brand of Calvert and responsible investing. So we're benefiting, I would say, across the board. Almost without exception across. Calvert active strategies from strong performance and this wind at the back in terms of marketing, because although there are a lot of players that have come into the responsible investing space, few of them have the credibility and reputation that Calvert has, you marry that with strong performance and we’ve been able to grow Calvert's business in active equities pretty meaningfully. The other brand manager I would point to is our Atlanta Capital affiliate, which although Atlanta Capital in total has been a net redemptions in the last couple of quarters, primarily because their largest strategies which are the SMID-cap and small-cap strategies are at capacity. They've had very strong across the board performance, small-cap, SMID-cap, large cap in their active equities. Atlanta Capital's mantra is high quality investing, which they’ve practiced for decades. We are in a market cycle where high-quality is performing very well. They have not just top quartile, but top decile performance across most of their equity strategies. And they’re seeing growing interest in that as you would expect. This is a group of funds and separate accounts that are distinguished not only by strong performance over time, but also a consistent investment approach, low turnover investing in high-quality companies that resonates with a lot of investors that are looking at alternatives to passive investing. So beyond that I would say, a small cap generally as a place where we're seeing positive flows both branded Calvert and branded Eaton Vance, both U.S and international. So you don't think about active equities as a place where there's a lot of growth opportunity, but we're seeing some potential for our business to grow there based on performance and based on the distinctiveness of the Calvert brand.
Robert Lee: Great. And maybe as a follow-up. Could you maybe talk a little bit about the competitive environment within custom beta and the ladders? And specifically, look any time I guess you’ve good growth opportunities, people try to come into the markets, often try to compete on price. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing and to what extent do you feel like you have there's maybe a barrier to entry, so to speak, given that it is a technology-heavy kind of business. I mean, kind of talk about how you see that?
Tom Faust: Yes, this is a -- it's a lot harder business than managing funds. 80,000 separate accounts gives us a scale that's hard for anyone to come close to, we think we are based on industry data, the largest player in this market. We compete on service more than anything. And when I say we, this is both Parametric and what are today Eaton Vance Management branded strategies that would be -- in some cases moving over to Parametric. We have over the last, I would say, two years seen a number of new competitors coming to the market both in terms of laddered bond separate accounts, but also on the custom core equities. So competing against us on both the income side as well as the equity side. You’ve seen our numbers. We continue to grow that business. 19% organic growth for the year-to-date on a combined basis. We will see no doubt more competitors into this. Other people, we think will be attracted to the same opportunity to grow in the space, but we think we have today a differentiated position based on our reputation for service. And so far we've been able to hold off competitors and keep that business growing. Some of our competitors have not surprisingly try to compete largely on the basis of price. For the most part, we’ve held the line on price, but have the flexibility to be competitive when necessary. This is a value proposition. If we can deliver value relative to cost, which we think we can, we think this business will continue to grow. For the most part, our competition here is more about competing against on the equity side index funds and ETS as opposed to other managers of customized individual separate accounts. And in the case of munis and taxable bond portfolios, it's primarily competing against unmanaged portfolios. So, yes, there are more competitors into the space, but at $100 billion we are by far the largest player in this business, but tiny compared to the size of the addressable market, which we view as consisting of most of the index ETF and index mutual fund market held outside of qualified retirement plans. And maybe away from institutions that are using ETFs as a short-term market exposure vehicles. But we think this is you sketch it out. This is -- these are potentially trillion dollar plus markets. You look at the number of municipal bonds, the value of municipal bonds that are owned by individuals, how much of that is managed versus how much is unmanaged. We think there's a huge potential for that market to convert to from unmanaged to managed. You look at the growth of index investing. How much of that is held through funds, where there's not the advantages of customization, not the advantages of pass-through tax -- pass-through treatment of realized tax losses that you can achieve with customized separate accounts. We think there's enormous growth potential here. Our objective is to grow our market share over time as this market continues to grow, maybe that's a challenge because we will see new entrants into this market. But there aren't many people that are in a position like we are to make the kind of investment in technology to drive service levels that other people I think are going to look at this and say I don't want to do that. That looks really hard. I don't think I can compete with Parametric and Eaton Vance on the basis of service excellence. I think I will do something else.
Robert Lee: Great. That was helpful. Thank you.
Tom Faust: I think we have time for two more participants before we wrap up the call today.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Fannon from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Daniel Fannon: Thanks. My question is on fee rate. If we look on a year-over-year, you’ve seen compression across the longer-term categories. I guess as you think about the mix of business today and where you’re seeing strength in the ins and outs, do you see that stabilizing, improving, or kind of continuing kind of the rate of decline we’ve seen?
Tom Faust: I don't see any improvement. The last I checked fee rates aren't going up across any parts of asset management that we participate in. Our primary driver of those fee rates that will continues to be mix, even both across categories and inside categories. The biggest changes in average fee rate has been within fixed income. That really reflects the growth of this business that we call custom beta, the muni and corporate ladder business which is fundamentally quite different than managing high yield bond portfolios or mortgage-backed securities portfolio. We are seeing some price competition, some level of fee concessions in existing businesses. I don't think it's accelerating. It feels like it's more on a steady modest decline in average fee rates across most of our businesses if you look at true apples to apples comparison. We think we can manage through that. I’ve been in the investment business well over 30 years and there has never been a time when fee rates have been going up, how you grow and how you achieve attractive margins in this business tends to be based on scale. The ability to offset reductions in a fee rates tied to per dollar of assets by growing up the base of assets you managed and leveraging the spending in support of that asset management. So no real change in our business mix. We expect continued modest declines in our average fee rates.
Daniel Fannon: Okay. And then as a follow-up, the global macro product seemed improved performance. You mentioned historically that's dovetailed with, or correlated with improved flows. Can you talk about just the positioning of the fund and kind of historically it's had a fair amount of currency exposures and other things to it. But any kind of near-term dynamics in terms of shift in terms of flow outlook for that segment as well would be helpful.
Tom Faust: Yes. So this is -- these strategies are a little hard to pigeonhole in terms of what -- where they’re positioned relative to broad market trends. We describe ourselves as country pickers, investing both long and short in emerging and frontier markets using primarily currency and short duration sovereign credit instruments. We -- returns, you can look this up, I think are like 6% or so in the range of 6% year-to-date through yesterday, for the iShares of these funds. So we think that's pretty good. Some years 6% returns are nothing to get too excited about in other years. If you can deliver something like that, in a way that is less volatile than long-duration fixed income or less volatile than most equity strategies, that can be quite appealing, particularly given the very low correlation of the performance of these strategies to the major asset classes that most U.S investors are heavily weighted in, namely developed market equities and U.S. duration assets. There have been some upsets in the world recently, maybe putting that thing modestly. So far we're weathering the storm quite well. And those performance numbers are current numbers for the year-to-date.
Daniel Fannon: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from Craig Siegenthaler from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Tom Faust: Good morning.
Craig Siegenthaler: I just have a follow-up to Rob's last question, on the competitive landscape and custom beta. I wanted to see if you saw a pickup in product launches SMA wins, fund registrations from some of your competitors just given the success of Parametric?
Tom Faust: There have been absolutely -- so let me answer the question in two parts. One is on the equity side, which is the Parametric business and the other is the -- is on the fixed-income side, which is the Eaton Vance Management business that is going to become part of Parametric. So on the equity side, the traditional player in this market that we’ve competed with is a firm focused on this business called Aperio that I think continues to grow in our business, but is an established competitor. No particular change that I’m aware of in the Parametric versus Aperio competitive dynamics. There are other players who have been in this market and put more of a focus on that. Goldman Sachs has an investment offering here. Natixis has a subsidiary that has an offering here. The competitive landscape is first about getting access to platform. So are you offered at major broker-dealers or are you available through a particular registered investment advisor and what kind of strategies are you offered though? So is it tied to a single index, is it across a range of indexes? What’s the expectation in terms of product features? Are you -- what kind -- what approach are you taking to tax loss harvesting? What kind of your business is funding -- funded in kind? Do you do after tax performance reporting? Is that performance reporting appropriately tranched by the age of the account? These are all things that that differentiate players in this market. It is a very customized business. If your level of customization is not as good as the next guys, you’re going to struggle to be successful here. An element of customization is that service is often challenging. So what kind of turnaround is there for whatever customization that a particular advisor or client is looking for. So far we’ve been able to withstand the competitive challenge and continue to grow that business, despite no secret that this is a growing market. People look at the success we've achieved and said, yes, that doesn't look all that hard. But one of the things we're trying to do with this strategic initiative is to make it less attractive and make it harder for other asset managers to try and get into this space by doing a better job for clients. On the fixed-income side, the story is probably similar. The names are different. Aperio, I don't believe has a fixed-income offering. Names here are Nuveen, Lord Abbett. I think BlackRock has an offering in this market. There might be a couple of other players there. By and large, we’ve -- we continue to be successful in that market. One of the things that’s notable about our competitive offering is that earlier this year we launched a systematic year-round tax law -- tax loss harvesting service as part of our core offering, no upcharge in price, something we make available. We’ve been in the process of rolling that out, getting approval at various platforms to offer that for clients. We view that as a bit of a raising of the bar to differentiate us from competitors, not everyone. Most people don't offer something similar. Again, beyond the service, beyond the features that we offer, a lot of this comes down to service, how good are we at responding to requests to evaluate a particular hypothetical transaction? What's our turnaround relative to somebody else's? What kind of service do we provide to advisors? In general, fee rate differentials in this market are small and that these are not viewed as commodity products because of the intensity of the service experience and the high-level of satisfaction we deliver on the service side has allowed us to in many cases when business we're not a low-cost provider, but we're at or near the top end of the fee range for people bidding on the business. But we think it's a business that has the potential to grow to accommodate a number of competitors. We expect fairly soon the competitive landscape to shake out where this won't be a competitive market -- this won't be an interesting market for new people to get into simply because we and perhaps some others will set such a high bar in terms of scale in technology and service levels that people look at this and say, I don't think I can be successful here.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks, Tom. Very comprehensive. I just had one follow-up on your retail SMA strategy, which I know you’re in the process of upgrading here. What do you see as the key qualities of asset managers that have succeeded in the RA market? Because this has been a very challenging segment for traditionals to crack.
Tom Faust: Sorry, so you said RIA market?
Craig Siegenthaler: Yes. So I believe most of your strategic positioning that you are going through now is a big chunk of that is targeting the RIA channel. So I wanted to see what qualities you think will make Eaton Vance successful? And maybe what are some qualities that you’ve seen at peers that have been successful in those channel, because very few happen.
Tom Faust: Yes, I got it. So, one of the -- you’re referring to the strategic -- part of the strategic initiative is that we're combining our sales organization covering the RIA channel here heretofore. Parametric has had a dedicated sales team covering an array of their strategies, but primarily custom core in that channel and then Eaton Vance's separately offered mutual funds and separate account offering there. And as you've said, like most asset managers, it's been a bit of a struggle for us from the Eaton Vance side to be successful there, whereas by contrast Parametric has built quite a business with dominant market share in that custom core product offered into the RIA channel. What we’re hoping to do is not surprisingly leverage the success that Parametric has achieved there across a broader array of asset classes. And so if we’re leader today in custom equity index separate accounts, we want to be the leader in custom bond separate accounts, both indexed and laddered and otherwise. But it's really leveraging the strength of the Parametric brand, the relationships that they built up over the last 25 years to allow us to successfully introduce fixed income strategies into that channel beyond the small success that we've had to date there. I think as your question implied, most of the assets that we have today on the fixed-income side are in the wirehouse and independent side. Through this reorganization and rebranding and changing in this -- in the sales coverage for the RIA channel, it is very much our objective to extend that success into RIA for fixed-income separate accounts.
Craig Siegenthaler: Got it. Thank you, Tom.
Tom Faust: Yes. Thanks, Craig.
Eric Senay: All right. I think this concludes our call. Thank you very much for everybody participating into this call and we will speak with you in fourth quarter earnings webcast. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-05-21 11:00:00) =====
Company Representatives: Tom Faust - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Laurie Hylton - Chief Financial Officer Eric Senay - Vice President, Treasurer
Operator: Good morning. My name is Julie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Eaton Vance Corp, Second Fiscal Quarter Earnings Conference Call and Webcast.  All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you.  Mr. Eric Senay, you may begin your conference.
Eric Senay: Thank you and good morning and welcome to our fiscal 2019 second quarter earnings call and webcast. With me this morning are Tom Faust, Chairman and CEO of Eaton Vance, and Laurie Hylton, our CFO.  In today’s call, we will first comment on the quarter and then take your questions. The full earnings release and charts we will refer to during the call are available on our website, www.eatonvance.com under the heading Investors Relations. And today’s presentation contains forward-looking statements about our business and financial results. The actual results may differ materially from those projected due to risks and uncertainties in our business, including but not limited to those discussed in our SEC filings. These filings, including our 2018 Annual Report and Form 10-K are available on our website or upon request at no charge. I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Faust: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Earlier today Eaton Vance reported $0.89 of adjusted earnings per diluted share for the second quarter of fiscal 2019, an increase of 16% from the $0.77 of adjusted earnings per diluted share we reported for the second quarter of fiscal 2018 and up 22% from the $0.73 of adjusted earnings per diluted share we reported for the first quarter of fiscal 2019.  Our adjusted earnings per diluted share this quarter included a $0.03 contribution from seed capital investments and a $0.07 contribution from investments in consolidated collateralized loan obligation or CLO entities. By comparison seed capital and consolidated CLO entities investments reduced adjusted earnings per diluted share by $0.02 in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and contributed $0.01 to adjusted earnings per diluted share in the second quarter of last year.  We ended the second quarter of fiscal 2019 with a record $469.9 billion of consolidated assets under management, up 6% over the prior quarter and up 7% from 12 months earlier. In the second quarter of fiscal 2019 we have $4.6 billion of consolidated net inflows or $2.6 billion excluding exposure management. This represents our 19th consecutive quarter of positive net flows.  Appreciation and the market value of managed assets contributed $20.7 billion to growth in consolidated assets under management this quarter, reflecting continued recovery from the sell-off in stocks and other risk assets in late 2018. Our second quarter net flows represent 4% annualized internal growth and consolidated managed assets or 3% excluding exposure management mandates. As you can see on slide 11, we reported 1% annualized internal growth and consolidated management fees for the second quarter. To calculate this measure of our internal growth, we subtract management fees attributable to consolidate the outflows for the period from management fees attributable to consolidated inflows and then measure the difference as percentage of beginning of period consolidated management fee revenue, taking into account the fee rate applicable to each dollar in and out.  The quarters 1% annualized internal growth and management fee revenue represents a sharp bounce back from the minus 4% result for the prior quarter. Among our investment mandate reporting categories, changes in consolidated assets under management during the second quarter range from growth of 9% for portfolio implementation, 8% for equity and 5% for fixed income and exposure management to declines of 6% for alternatives and 3% for floating rate bank loans. Growth in our portfolio implementation reporting category was driven by higher managed assets and parametric custom core equity separate accounts. Custom core net inflows of $1.7 billion this quarter were partially offset by approximately $0.5 billion of net outflows from centralized portfolio management mandates, primarily related to the termination of a single turn-key asset management program during the quarter.  The quarter’s $480 million of equity net inflows, reflect positive net flows into Parametric defensive equity and covered call writing strategies, EVM large cap growth and Calvert emerging market and responsible index strategies and net outflows from Parametric emerging markets and the Atlanta Capital’s mid-cap strategy, which is closed to new investors. Appreciation and asset values contributed $8.2 billion to growth in equity manager assets for the quarter.  Our fixed income quarterly net inflows of $2.9 billion benefited from continuing investor demand for tax exempt municipal bond strategies in a range of taxable bonds strategies that we offer, including U.S. Corporate Core Bond, short and ultra-short duration and emerging market debt strategies.  Among our fixed income mutual funds, the quarter’s flow leaders were Eaton Vance Short Duration Government Income Fund with nearly $600 million of net inflows, Eaton Vance National Municipal Income fund with over $200 million of net inflows and Calvert Bond Fund and Eaton Vance Corp Plus Bond Fund with over $300 million of combined net inflows. Net inflows of more than $150 million into our emerging market debt strategies push managed assets pass the $1 billion mark in these strategies as of April, 30, 2019. Measured by assets under management, our largest taxable fixed income business is High Yield Bonds with just over $11 billion in managed assets.  Last week we announced that two veterans of the EVM High Yield Group, Steve Concannon and Jeff Mueller will assume leadership of the team at year-end replacing Mike Weilheimer. Mike retires after a very distinguished 29 year career at EVM, including 24 years as Director of High Yield Investments. While Mike’s leadership will we missed, we are fortunate to have high yield investors of Steve’s and Jeff’s caliber to lead the group going forward.  Returning to our second quarter fixed income net flows, it included $2.1 billion into Municipal and Corporate Bond laddered individual and separate accounts, when combined with the $1.7 billion of net inflows into Parametric Custom Core Equity Individual separate accounts, inflows into our industry leading suite of custom beta strategies offered as individual separately managed accounts, total $3.8 billion in the second quarter, which equates to an annualized internal growth in managed assets of 17%.  As shown on slide 12 of our presentation, our custom beta strategies are offered as individual separate counts, now total $99.1 billion of managed assets, reflecting continued strong customer demand for these high value offerings that combine the benefits of passive investing with the ability to customize portfolios to meet individual preferences and needs. We continue to commit significant resources to expanding our leadership position in this growing market.  In both our alternatives and floating rate income reporting categories we saw net outflows in the second quarter that would significantly reduce the levels versus the prior quarter. Net outflows in the alternative category declined to approximately $475 million from $2.2 billion in the prior quarter, with outflows driven primarily by withdrawals from our Global Macro Absolute Return Mutual Fund and Institutional Sub-Advisory Mandates.  Floating rate income, net outflows of $1.6 billion this quarter were considerably improved from the $2.9 million of net outflows reported for the prior quarter, reflecting better flow results across both retail and institutional mandates. We continue to believe that floating rate bank loans offer an attractive risk return proposition in the current environment, with high current yields, favorable credit market conditions and little or no exposure to interest rate risk.  In exposure management we returned to positive net-flows this quarter with changes in existing client positions and the net amount of assets managed for clients gained or lost in the quarter, each contributing to the positive flow results. Looking at the different categories of investment vehicles we offer, our industry leading position and individual separate accounts continue to be a primary driver of growth in the second quarter. The $3.7 billion of net inflows into individual separate accounts we manage represent a 12% annualized organic growth rate.  A key strategic objective for Eaton Vance over the past several years has been to expand our position and responsible investing. At the center of our ESG efforts as our Calvert Affiliate, which this quarter experienced the strongest growth since we acquired Calvert just over two years ago.  Calvert’s investment strategies, including those sub-advised by other EV affiliates realized $860 million of net inflows in the second quarter, which equates to annualized internal growth in managed assets of 22%. As of April 30 Calvert’s assets under management totaled $17.1 billion, representing a $2.5 billion increase since the beginning of the fiscal year and a $5.2 billion or 44% increase since we acquired Calvert 28 months ago.  The success of Calvert has been driven by strong investment performance as evidenced by the number of four and five star rated funds in the Calvert Fund Family and the leading reputation of Calvert within responsible investing.  In early April, Calvert President, CEO John Streur was the sole industry representative to testify before the Senate Committee on banking, housing and urban affairs on the subject of the Application of Environmental Social and Governance Principles in Investing and the role of Asset Managers, Proxy Advisers and other intermediaries. John’s testimony provided a forum for him to address how ESG investment strategies have evolved in recent years and to discuss public policy and regulatory matters relevant to the investment industry and investors.  Last week we announced the hiring of John K.S. Wilson as Director of Corporate Engagement to lead Calvert’s expanding corporate engagement activities. In this role John will manage a growing team of engagement specialist who monitor issuers for engagement opportunities, develop a business case for change and participate in industry coalitions. As other investment manager struggle to gain credibility and responsible investing, Calvert continues to build strength on strength.  That concludes my prepared remarks. I will now turn the call over to Laurie. 
Laurie Hylton : Thank you and good morning. As Tom mentioned we are reporting adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.89 for the second quarter of fiscal 2019, an increase of 16% from $0.77 of adjusted earnings per diluted share in the second quarter of fiscal 2018, and an increase of 22% from the $0.73 of adjusted earnings per diluted share reported in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. 
excess: Operating income decreased by 4% year-over-year, primarily driven by higher compensation costs related to increases in headcount and approximately $1.6 million of one-time costs associated with employee terminations in the second quarter of fiscal 2019.  Operating income was up 5% sequentially, primarily driven by an increase in management fee revenue, which was up 1% even with three fewer days in the second quarter. Performance based fees were a positive $1.8 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2019 versus a negative $0.5 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2018 and a negative $0.3 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. Our operating margin was 30.9% in the second quarter of fiscal 2019, 32.2% in the second quarter of fiscal 2018 and 29.8% in the first quarter of fiscal 2019.  Ending consolidated managed assets at April 30 reached a new record high of $469.9 billion, that’s an increase of 7% year-over-year and 6% sequentially, driven by strong market returns and net flows.
growth: Average managed assets were up 4% sequentially, driving an increase in management fee revenue of 2%. Revenue growth, trailed growth and average managed assets sequentially, primarily due to the impact of three fewer free days in the second quarter and a modest decline in our average annualized management fee rates from 32 basis points in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 to 31.8 basis points in the second. The decline in our average annualized management fee rate over the comparative periods was driven primarily by shifts in business mix.  In the second quarter of fiscal 2019, our annualized internal growth and management fee revenue of 1%, trailed annualized internal growth in managed assets of 4%, primarily due to the mix of higher fee and lower fee strategies within our inflows and outflows during the quarter. This compares to 6% annualized internal growth and management fee revenue and 4% annualized internal growth in managed assets in the second quarter of fiscal 2018, and shows a sharp improvement from the negative 4% annualized internal growth in management fee revenue and 1% annualized internal growth in managed assets in the first quarter of fiscal 2019.  Turning to expenses, compensation increased by 4% from the second quarter of fiscal 2018, primarily driven by higher salaries and benefits associated with increases in headcount, higher stock based compensation and the impact of certain one-time costs associated with employee termination, partially offset by lower sales based incentive compensation and lower operating income based bonus accruals.  As previously mentioned, compensation expense in the second quarter of fiscal 2019 included approximately $1.6 million of costs associated with employed termination. Sequentially, compensation expense slightly decreased, reflecting lower salaries and stock based compensation, driven by fewer payroll days in the second fiscal quarter and lower sales based incentive compensation, offset by higher performance and operating income based bonus accruals and the impact of the employee termination costs recognized during the second quarter.  Non compensation distribution related costs, including distribution and service fee expenses and the amortization of deferred sales commissions decreased 5% from the same quarter a year ago and 2% sequentially, primarily reflecting lower Class C distribution and service fee expenses, driven by a decrease in average managed assets of Class C mutual fund shares.  This decrease was partially offset by higher service fee expense and commission amortization for private funds, driven by higher average managed assets and private funds strategy.  Funds related expenses increased 6% year-over-year and 3% sequentially, reflecting higher average managed assets and sub-advised funds. Other operating expenses increased 3% from the second quarter of fiscal 2018 and were up 1% from the first quarter of fiscal 2019. The increase, both year-over-year and sequentially primarily reflects higher information technology spending, attributable mainly to expenditures associated with the consolidation of our trading platforms, enhancements to Calvert’s research system and ongoing system maintenance costs, as well as higher corporate consulting costs related to new product launches.  These increases were partially offset by a decrease in amortization expense related to certain intangible assets that were fully amortized during the first quarter of fiscal 2019. We continue to focus on overall expense management and identifying ways to gain operational leverage.  We also continue to invest in our business through our Seed Capital program. Net gains and other investment income on Seed Capital investment contributed $0.03 to earnings per diluted share in the second quarter of fiscal 2019, a penny to earnings per diluted share in the second quarter of fiscal 2018 and were negligible in the first quarter of fiscal 2019.  When quantifying the impact of our Seed Capital investments on earnings each quarter, we take into consideration our pro-rata share of the gains, losses and the other investment income earned on investments and sponsored strategies, where they are accounted for as consolidated funds, separate accounts or equity investment, as well as the gains and losses recognized on derivatives used to hedge these investments. We then report the per share impact net of income taxes and net income attributable to non-controlling interest. We continue to hedge the market exposures of our Seed Capital portfolio to the extent practicable to minimize the associated earnings volatility. Although we hedge a majority of our Seed Capital portfolio, gains on the un-hedged portion drove deposit contribution to earnings this quarter.  Non- operating income expense included net income from consolidated CLO entities of $11 million and $0.8 million in the second quarters of fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018 respectively, and net expenses of $2.9 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2018.  On an earnings per diluted share basis, net income from consolidated CLOs contributed $0.07 in the current quarter, were negligible in the second quarter of last year and reduced earnings by $0.02 in our first fiscal quarter of 2019.  The year-over-year and sequential increases and income contribution from consolidated CLO entities primarily relates to an increase in the fair market value of the company’s beneficial interest in these entities, resulting from the rebound in the loan market during the second quarter of fiscal 2019.  Our strategy for CLO equity remains to commit prudent amounts of EV Capital to support growth of this business, taking advantage of new opportunities to recycle equity and existing CLOs to help fund new CLOs in the future.  Turning to taxes, our effective tax rate was 25.1% for the second quarter of fiscal 2019, 26.7% in the second quarter of fiscal 2018 and 23.4% in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. The company’s income tax provision for the second and first quarters of fiscal 2019 include $0.7 million and $0.6 million respectively of charges associated with certain provisions of the 2017 Tax Act, relating to limitations on the deductibility of executive compensation that began taking expect for the company in fiscal 2019.  The company’s income tax provision was reduced by net excess tax benefits related to stock based awards totaling $0.3 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2019, $1.9 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2018 and $2.9 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2019.  As shown on attachment two to our Press Release, our calculations of adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per diluted share removed the net access tax benefits related to stock based awards and the non-recurring impact of the tax law changes. On this basis our adjusted-effective tax rate was 25.3% in the second quarter of fiscal 2019, 28.2% in the second quarter of fiscal 2018 and 25.9% in the first quarter of fiscal 2019.  On the same adjusted basis, we estimate that our quarterly effective tax rate for the balance of fiscal 2019 for the fiscal year as a whole will range between 25.9% and 26.4%.  During the second quarter of fiscal 2019 we used $39.3 million of corporate cash to pay the $0.35 per share quarterly dividend declared at the end of our previous quarter and repurchased 1.7 million shares of non-voting common stock for approximately $68.5 million.  Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding were $114.2 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2019, down 8% year-over-year, reflecting share repurchases and excess of new shares issued upon investing a restricted stock awards and exercise employee stock options and a decrease in the dilutive effect of in-the-money options and un-invested restricted stock awards.  Sequentially, weighted average diluted shares outstanding were down 1%. We finished our second fiscal quarter holding $728.3 million of cash, cash equivalents and short term debt securities in approximately $336.4 million in Seed Capital investments. We continue to place high priority on using the company’s cash flow to benefit shareholders.  Fiscal discipline around discretionary spending remains top of mind in fiscal 2019. Based on our strong liquidity and overall financial condition, we believe we are well positioned to continue to invest in our business to support long term growth, while returning capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.  This concludes our prepared comments, and at this point we’d like to take any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from a line of Dan Fannon from Jefferies. Your line is open. 
Gerry O'Hara: Great, thanks. Actually Gerry O'Hara sitting in for Dan this morning. Tom you mentioned the Calvert experience from its strongest growth quarters since acquisition. Perhaps you could elaborate a little bit on what some of the drivers beyond just performance, but perhaps new distribution channels that have been driving this or perhaps some side lines on future distribution opportunities and new client channels, segment, etcetera would be helpful.
Tom Faust: Yes, thank Gerry. A couple of things; I mentioned one is we have quite strong performance across the board in Calvert strategies. The particular strategies that are leading the growth today include on the equity side there is an emerging market, equity fund, that’s one of our larger funds. The single largest Calvert fund is called Calvert Equity Fund which is managed by our affiliate Atlanta Capital and has had quite exceptionally strong performance over the last year and good performance over the long time and that has turned around the full picture for that fund quite meaningfully.  Calvert also sponsors a range of index based equity strategies which have been in positive flows and also has a range of fixed income strategies, again, also in positive flows. So really it’s across the board strength in the Calvert line up of mutual funds.  In terms of products structures, Calvert, when we acquired them at the end of 2016 was essentially a mutual fund company with limited institutional business, limited business in individual separate accounts, no business to speak of outside the U.S. and no ETF presence. We are certainly looking to expand Calvert's positioning in the market place beyond that historical base in mutual funds, looking for ways to grow in institutional investing, individual separate accounts and also potentially also in an ETF structure.  Beyond the performance, we think another contributing factor to Calvert’s success has been their recognition as one of the true thought leaders in responsible investing. I highlighted John Streur’s testimony before the Senate; some of the other things that we do that that provide us with strong visibility is Calvert’s sponsorship of the Barron's 100 list of the most responsibly run companies in Corporate America.  But I would say in a time when there’s been a lot of attention on responsible investing driven primarily by underlying investor demand, but with significant interest in terms of major intermediaries, most of whom have some kind of initiative around responsible investing, what sets Calvert apart and has allowed Calvert to succeed in a time when others have in many cases struggled to really gain traction here, one is the performance I mentioned, two would be bringing the Eaton Vance distribution to bear on responsible investing.  And then I'd say probably most important, it's just been the credibility of the Calvert brand. There’s a heightened sensitivity what’s sometimes referred to as green-washing that is firms that talk about response investing, but can't really back it up in terms of actions and capabilities. Because of Calvert's leadership in the space that goes back into the 1980s, they have an unusual credibility that combined with good investment performance and good distribution strength has allowed us to take a leading role in translating broad market interest in response investing into growth in managed assets for that part of our business. 
Gerry O'Hara: Great, that’s helpful color and then perhaps one follow-up. Laurie, in your prepared remarks you mentioned a little bit of operating expense pressure or less exposed related to you new product offerings or at least I guess consulting fees related to that. Could you perhaps either time yourself, maybe elaborate or add a little color as to what new product offerings we might expect in the pipeline? 
Tom Faust: I would say that this may be nothing in particular that we want to highlight at this point, but there's an ongoing effort across a range of strategies, U.S., international funds and separate accounts. But no one thing that we would point to as being a particular focus of things we want to highlight today. 
Gerry O'Hara: Okay, fair enough. Thanks for taking our questions today. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington from JP Morgan. Your line is open. 
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. Maybe just to try to follow-up on that, so Eaton Vance is a legacy of innovation; the industry I think is less so. With an SEC that seems more willing to allow for innovation, are there areas where you see opportunity to leverage maybe a more asset friendly SEC? 
Tom Faust: Yeah, Ken well the most, maybe the most obvious is our clear hedge method approach to less transparent activity ETS. I’m sure probably most people on the call are aware that a competitive approach of Precidian got approval I think just yesterday on their approach to a less transparent activity ETS. We want to be part of that conversation. I think as people are aware we were pioneer in introducing next year’s exchange, traded managed bonds, which were approved initially back in 2014 and then launch in 2016, I believe.  The market seems to have moved in the direction of less transparent activity ETS as opposed to exchange traded managed bonds for some distribution related reasons that we’ve talked about, but we’re certainly of the view that the introduction of less transparent active ETS could be a quite meaningful development for the industry. Our position in that is, we're a relatively recent file. We filed our exemptive application there back in February, different from some of the other competitors in that space, not only Precidian, but some of the other ones were approval maybe close.  What separates us we believe is two things: One, we think that the method that we're proposing which we are calling clear hedge offers the most assured trading, most assured high trading performance that is trading of shares close to underlying net asset values, that's number one. And number two, is the application across all asset classes. So that's really our focus in terms of innovation that requires something new from the SEC. They've shown or given Precidian a green light, which we think is also likely to lead to other approvals in this space and we want to be a part of that.  Other things we're doing don't require the cooperation necessarily of the SEC. We continue to build out and are quite proud of our position as the leader in individual separate accounts, which is a big growing industry for us and a big growth area for the industry that is playing into investors desires for a more customized, personalized approach to investing and we deliver that both through our custom core equities platform offered by our parametric subsidiary, but also our line-up of muni and corporate ladders offered through our EVM subsidiary. 
Ken Worthington: Great, great, thank you. And for a follow-up, just the equity market experienced much volatility in the December quarter. We’ve seen a nice rebound this year. Can you help us understand to what extent if any, these market moves have seem to influence interest or concern in parametrics various businesses. Maybe where were the ebbs and flows and any lessons learned there, you know from the sell out for the rebound that you'd be willing to share. 
Tom Faust: Sure. So the biggest piece of Calvert’s – sorry, Parametric’s business are a broad market exposure vehicle. So their custom core equity give us a benchmark and we will perform similar to that benchmark and would expect to outperform on an after tax basis, that's the primary value proposition.  Also they have a large business in what we call exposure management, which is a derivatives based securitization approaches. So instead of having 4% residual cash in your portfolio, you can put that to work in the market using primarily few futures [ph].  Neither of those I would say is particularly sensitive to market levels in terms of flows, because we get paid generally and in terms of assets under management when the market goes up or market goes down, we are more or less in revenues, but there's not a lot of market sensitivity to that business in terms of flows.  One thing I would highlight within Parametrics business that is perhaps sensitive to market levels is their options business. They have a decent sized business in covered call writing programs, where selling covered calls can be a, we think a nice additive strategy in down markets and flat markets and modestly up markets, but in a strongly rising market often investors get what sometimes we refer to as call writing [ph] fatigue from the fact that when stocks are going up the nature of writing covered calls is that you cap the upside and so you realize less in return than you would have had you not written those call options. A small part of their business, but it is an element of their business that has some bit of market sensitivity that we see. 
Ken Worthington: Great, thank you very much. 
A - Tom Faust: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. 
Brian Bedell: Great, thanks. Good morning folks. I need you to go back on the now transparent ETF or best transparent ETF offerings. Tom, I guess just your view on the industry for these products in general. Obviously you have your application; there's a couple of other ones. Do you feel it is better for the industry to have multiple different structures in a place or would you think it would you know – this could be really handled by the clear hedge and the Precidian structure? 
Tom Faust: I think the way that I would expect this to play out is there will be multiple different structures approved. At the end of the day I don't think all those structures necessarily will find a broad audience. I think the market will naturally identified the one or two or whatever that seem to work the best and will probably focus on those. I don't – it's just a guess, but that would be my expectation.  As I mentioned, we think clear hedge offers of the things that are in the public domain, that is for which there have been SEC filings, we certainly have the greatest confidence and the ability of an ETF using clear hedge method to trade the best, that is the tightest NAV and for that advantage to carry over to asset classes outside of U.S. equities which is where the Precidian and I believe all the other ones are focused at least initially.  So I think this has the potential to be a major development. I would caution people that it may not happen overnight. There are still a number of regulatory steps that are required. I'll just remind people that when we got our approval to – we got our exemptive application approval and our 19 before application approval for next years in early November of 2014 and it was – I think it was about 16 months, 15 or 16 months later that we launched product. So I wouldn't expect this timeframe to be much different. It could be, but we don't expect that. So there's an additional regulatory process and this will not happen overnight.  I also think that while this could be a quite significant development in the whole active versus passive debate, because I do think that for many applications ETFs offer clear advantages in terms of convenience and tax efficiency and performance over a traditional mutual fund structure, I think it'll take a little bit of time. There will be some distribution challenges for these strategies, not in terms of the mechanics of distribution, but more in terms of the economics of distribution that will have to be worked out with key intermediaries.  So we think this is a major development; we want to be a part of this. Over time we would expect active ETFs to be a meaningful part of the actively managed business. There's a reason that most managers of traditional active strategies have heretofore been reluctant to offer their strategy as ETFs, because you can't really maintain a strategy as proprietary if you are disposing your holdings every day.  So with yesterday's approval of the Precidian model, it won't happen tomorrow, but it certainly offers the prospect in a traditional ETF structure as opposed to exchange traded managed bonds is what I mean by that. But in an ETF structure, having the ability to offer a proprietary active strategy in an ETF forum, we view as a quite significant market development that we want to be very much a part of. 
Brian Bedell: Thank you and that’s great perspective. Maybe switching over to the back to the individual separate accounts and the really strong organic growth, the 12% for the category, maybe if you could just comment on the two or three major drivers that I would suspect that to bomb letters and portfolio implementation, but maybe just also comment on what degree CLOs and floating rate individual separate account products are contributing and is that coming mostly through a broker dealer channel? 
Tom Faust: No, so that number I reported is for what we call individual separate accounts and so there are no floating rate loans in there, no CLO’s in there. That comment, that category is very much nominated by what we call custom beta, so that’s the parametric custom for in the muni and corporate ladders, and the drivers of that business I would say remains the same, which is the – maybe starting on the equity side, the broad embrace of passive investing generally that has led to the growth of Index ETS and Index Mutual Funds that's number one, we're planning on that trend.  And then second really driving home the advantages of owning equity securities through a separate account as opposed to a fund and those advantages are generally in two categories, and one is the ability to customize portfolios so that you can for example take into consideration your own individual responsible investment criteria. What it is you really care about than might be different than what is reflected in a particular fund and then second, to the extent you have either concentrations in other parts of your portfolio and individual companies or individual sectors, you can index around those on a customized basis using a separate account.  The other advantage of separate account which for many people is the bigger one is the better tax treatment. That is if you own securities in a separate account, when those security some of those inevitably will go down in price, you can sell those, take a loss and use that loss currently the offset gains in other parts of your portfolio if you own them as separate account, whereas if you own those same securities in the fund, that loss is in effect trapped inside the fund vehicle and not available for use currently. So those are the primary drivers on the equity side. On the fixed income side, this is a rules based passive approach to investing like benchmarked based equity investments that offers the benefits of low cost. A primary driver for this part of our business has been the continuing migration in the broker dealer channel of assets from traditional brokerage accounts to fee based accounts. Here in particular we've been helping to drive and benefiting from a movement of individual advisor overseen bond ladders to the notion of using a third party manager that has expertise and focus on ladder construction and ladder oversight, multi-year now probably approach a decade long trend of assets moving away from what I think you could fairly say as lightly overseen bond ladders to professionally manage bond ladders and we are the market leader in that business.  And I would say in in in terms of these two pieces, the Parametric Custom Core and the muni and corporate bond ladders, we've been increasing looking for opportunities to cross sell those and to offer those in conjunction with each other, because they're really quite similar strategies in their underlying philosophy and investment construction. 
Brian Bedell: Great overview. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr from Evercore. Your line is open. 
Glenn Schorr: Hey, thanks very much. A follow-up on the custom beta conversation; you had great growth innovator in the product, but you still I think are primarily a single stock selection process and now I think some cheaper ETF, all ETF versions exist. I'm curious if that's in the process is that a version of the product that you can manufacture or do manufacture. Is it a competitive threat? Can you offer both? I'm just curious on your thoughts on that?
Tom Faust: Yeah, if I’m following you right, the strategies that we offer today, this is Parametric Custom Core own underlying individual securities in almost all cases, in some asset classes that may make sense to own ETF as a proxy for individual securities. You mentioned that there are potential competitive approaches that would own ETFs as an alternate to underlying security which is certainly true.  There are a couple of disadvantages of that approach. The first then maybe the most obvious is that to the extent those ETFs have underlying fees, those fees gets passed through and so its inherently more expensive to own ETFs than it is to own the underlying securities directly. So that’s one difference that would normally argue in favor of individual securities.  The second one is the cross sectional volatility in performance that allows you to harvest tax losses will always be greater at the individual security level than will be in pools of securities like exist inside of an ETF. So all else being equal, you'll have both lower expenses for a direct security separate account as opposed to ETF separate account and you’ll also have better tax loss harvesting opportunities by owning individual securities.  The advantages of using ETFs do exist however. One is the potential to offer maybe similar strategies with lower minimums, where you own fewer individual securities. It may seem more convenient to have only you know 15 or 20 ETFs represent in your portfolio than a couple of 100 stocks, so its simpler and that may make it easier to operate at lower account minimum.  The bigger advantages is probably, just in terms of the range of asset classes that can be represented by ETFs versus equity, which can be interesting because in non-equity asset classes, particularly ones that have a meaningful amount of volatility to think things like high yield bonds, you may have much better opportunity to own those in a tax managed portfolio through ETFs than the underlying security.  But in terms of our capabilities at Parametric, we do offer ETF based portfolios and I have done a fair bit of research on that. It's a quite small part of our business currently, but it is something that we have the capability to do and can provide upon customer demand, but for most people really what they want is the underlying securities, because you get both the lower cost and the higher level and effectiveness in terms of tax loss harvesting potential. 
Glenn Schorr: Awesome! I appreciate that. One quick follow-up on the floating rate discussion. You still have $40 billion great performance, great strategy, but definitely comes and goes sometimes with market fears and right now fears are rates are going to be low and inflows are going to be flat forever.  So you mentioned all the different areas you are inflows and fixed income. Is there a specific process in place that tries to get in front of some of the floating rate outflows and move them into some of your other fixed income products? Like how do you do that in the channel, because clearly fixed income working, I just don't know if there's an actual cross sell process that's happening? Thanks. 
Tom Faust: We certainly try. The way advisors use funds is no one really views themselves as a captive to Eaton Vance. Someone is selling out of an Eaton Vance loan fund, they are often not directly looking to replace that with another Eaton Vance strategy. It would be nice if that's how the world works, but that's not really the way the business works today.  We certainly feature a number of low duration fixed income strategies, both in this quarter and the preceding quarter, our quarter ending January. Our largest selling mutual fund in terms of net flows was the Eaton Vance short duration government income fund, which in some ways is similar to bank loans and that it’s short duration, low exposure to interest rate risk, but quite different in the credit profile of these are government backed mortgages that we're investing in primarily.  So it's, I would say that over the last, it’s probably now five or six years, we have sponsored and offered a suite of short durations, so we have short duration government income, short duration high income, short duration strategic income, short duration inflation protected income. I think it is – those were all introduced as complementary strategies to bank on, recognizing that if people are investing with Eaton Vance in floating rate assets and that there may not always be times when their credit outlook is such that they want to take investment risk like its reflected in the below investment grade bank loans that we offer.  The idea with having that suite of strategies is to give our customers in the – the users for bank loans also the ability to invest in other strategies that have a similar duration profile that is low duration, but don't have the same credit risk exposure.  I think it works reasonably well, in the fourth quarter or in the, I’ll say the end of calendar 2018, when money was pouring out of our bank loan funds, which it was over the last four or five weeks of the year. Money was also pouring into our short duration government income strategy, largely for the same reason. Unfortunately during that time period, the net of the two we were losing more in bank loans that we were gaining in short duration government income and that carried over into the New Year as well.  But I think it makes sense for us to do what you suggest which is to offer complimentary strategies, so that when people are redeeming out of bank loans because for whatever reason it's out of sync with what they are trying to do with their clients’ portfolios, we offer a complimentary or replacement strategy. So I'll pass that on, that suggestion on to our sales and marking people. 
Glenn Schorr: Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Mike Carrier from Bank of America. Your line is open. 
Mike Carrier: Good morning thanks for taking the question. Two cleanups, Laurie given some of the termination costs you mentioned in comp, can you provide an outlook on comp or the ratio ahead. And then second just given some of the spending in support of the business growth and the healthy flows that you are seeing, how are you thinking about you know may be the margin going forward? 
Laurie Hylton : Yeah, from a comp perspective, I don't think we see any structural changes in our comp structure going forward for the remainder of this fiscal year. I think that we are kind of in that – I think first quarter was a little bit rough obviously, because as a percentage of revenue in a period where revenue was down due to market, it was a little bit higher than we would have anticipated; it was closer to 37.9%. This quarter we closer 37.3%. I would anticipate we're going to be closer to that range and potentially trending down a little bit.  As we move forward we've got obvious leverage that we can pull in the course of the year and we refine our expectations about our operating income based, bonus accruals as we move into the third and fourth quarter. But again, I would not anticipate seeing anything really structurally change in terms of our compensation in the way we think about it for fiscal ’19.  In terms of – and the second question, margin, yeah again 2019 for us because we're incorporating November and December into our first quarter. We obviously took a little bit of a hit in the first quarter and we are going to be digging our way out. We did see some improvement this quarter. We’d like to think that there's leverage in our business and we are hoping we'll be able to continue to see a little bit of an uptick as we move. But again, I don’t see anything structurally change in either our compensation or discretionary spending profile for the remainder of the year. So I wouldn’t look for any real significant changes. 
Mike Carrier: Okay, thanks a lot. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Eric, I will turn the call back over to you sir. 
Eric Senay : Thank you very much, and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Thank you everybody. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-02-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Amy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Eaton Vance Corp fiscal first quarter earnings conference call and webcast. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Eric Senay, please go ahead.
Eric Senay: Thank you and good morning and welcome to our fiscal 2019 first quarter earnings call and webcast.  With me this morning are Tom Faust, Chairman and CEO of Eaton Vance, and Laurie Hylton, our CFO. In today's call, we will first comment on the quarter and then take your questions. The full earnings release and charts we will refer to during the call are available on our Web site, eatonvance.com under the heading, Investors Relations. Today’s presentation contains forward-looking statements about our business and financial results. The actual results may differ materially from those projected due to risks and uncertainties in our business, including, but not limited to, those discussed in our SEC filings. These filings, including our 2018 Annual Report and Form 10-K, are available on our Web site or upon request at no charge. I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Faust: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us.  Earlier today, Eaton Vance reported adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.73 for the first quarter of fiscal 2019, a decrease of 6% from the $0.78 of adjusted earnings per diluted share we reported for the first quarter of fiscal 2018 and a decline of 14% from the record $0.85 of adjusted earnings per diluted share we reported in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. The market backdrop for the first two months of our fiscal first quarter was challenging in our respects. From the end of October till the close of trading on Christmas eve U.S. equity market is represented by the S&P 500 fell 13.4% as investors fled to safety amid concerns about a really hoc issue as monetary policy and rising trade tensions. In November and December Eaton Vance lost approximately $15.4 billion in managed assets to market price declines. During the first two months of the quarter, we also saw a sharp downward shift in our floating rate bank loan fund flows reflecting rising apprehension about the future course of the economy and tax motivated sign [ph] as the end of the calendar year approached. Across our lineup of us floating rate loan mutual funds, we moved from that inflows of approximately $500 million per month and the August to October timeframe to net outflows of nearly $600 million in November and net outflows of $1.8 billion in December. Flows of our global macro absolute return, mutual funds were told long and short positions in currency and sovereign credit instruments in emerging and frontier market countries were similarly affected with net outflows accelerating from an average of just over $200 million per month in August to October, to nearly $500 million in November and over $1.1 billion in December. Fortunately, January saw a big improvement in both market performance and our flow trends as investors responded to positive economic reports and Fed signaling of a more accommodative policy. From the Christmas Eve market bottom, the S&P 500 rallied 14.9% through the end of January, driving market related gains and are managed assets of $19.2 billion in the month of January, more than offsetting the November-December market related AUM declines. January also saw sharp abatement in our bank on mutual fund outflows to just over $200 million and a recovery in our global macro mutual fund flows to just about breakeven. On an overall basis, excluding exposure management, we improve to consolidate and then inflows of nearly $3 billion in October it's in excuse me, we improved to consolidate in that inflows of nearly $3 billion in January from that outflows of $1.3 billion in December, and that net inflows a $500 million in November.  Despite the strong December headwinds, we closed the first quarter with consolidated net inflows at $1.5 billion or 2.2 billion excluding exposure management. This is our 18th consecutive quarter of reporting positive net flows, demonstrating the benefits of offering investment strategies that span the spectrum. The quarter’s net flow is equated to 1% annualized growth and consolidated managed assets. Our internal growth in management fee revenue was minus 4% annualized in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 but improved as the quarter progressed from not from minus 7% annualized in November-December to plus 4% annualized in January.  As we have described previously, this measure of our underlying business growth subtracts management fees attributable to consolidated outflows from management fees attributable to consolidated inflows, and then measures that difference as a percentage of beginning of the period consolidated management fee revenue. We ended the first fiscal quarter with $444.7 billion of consolidated assets under management of 1% over the prior quarter end. For the quarter individual separate account assets under management increased 5%, private fund assets increased 2%, institutional separate accounts grew 1% closed in funds fell 2% and open in fund assets shrank by 3%.  Among investment mandate reporting categories, changes in consolidated assets under management during the first quarter ranged from growth of 6% for fixed income and 4% for portfolio implementation to two kinds of 9% for floating rate bank loans and 18% for alternatives, a reporting category dominated by our global macro absolute return strategies. Fixed Income quarterly net inflows of $3.2 billion benefited from strong investor demand for short and ultrashort duration and high-quality income investments in what was primarily a risk off environment. With net inflows have over $1.6 billion during the quarter, the five-star rated Eaton Vance short duration government income fund was by a wide margin our top selling fun on a net basis. Other flow leaders among our fixed income funds or the Eaton Vance short duration municipal opportunities and floating rate miniscule income funds with over $250 million of combine net inflows. Fixed income net flows in the quarter also included $1.5 billion into municipal and corporate ladder bond individual separate accounts and $600 million into high yield bond institutional separately managed accounts.  Portfolio implementation quarterly net inflows of $3.4 billion were dominated by parametric custom core equity separate accounts. Per metric remains the largest player in the rapidly growing market for custom indexing, sometimes also referred to as direct indexing.  Custom indexing provides potential advantages over index funds and index ETFs that include greater tax efficiency and the tailoring of holdings to reflect client specified responsible investment criteria and other client directed portfolio exclusions. As this market continues to expand, we're committed to invest into support business growth drive increased operating efficiencies and to further extend our service capabilities. As in past quarters, we have included in the slides coming this presentation, a chart showing to managed assets inflows of what we refer to as our custom beta businesses, which are individual separately managed accounts offered to retail and high net worth investors that are invested in Parametric Custom Core equity or EVM laddered bond strategies. These high value offerings combine the benefits of passive investing with the ability to customize portfolios to meet individual preferences and needs. As shown in slide 12, our custom beta managed assets increase 6% from $84.3 billion at the end of fiscal 2018 to $90 billion at the end of our first fiscal quarter. The $3.9 billion of first quarter custom beta net inflows equates to annualized internal growth and managed assets of 19%. While these businesses are attracting each increased competition. We continue to believe they offer vast growth opportunities. Our Calvert responsible investment subsidiary was also significant driver of growth this quarter. Total Calvert managed assets including amount sub-advised by other Eaton Vance affiliates increased by approximately $700 million to $15.4 billion at the end of the first quarter covered $600 million of net inflows for the quarter equates to 17% annualized internal growth and managed assets. Ranking is the best growth quarter since we acquired the Calvert business just over 2 years ago. Our Calvert offerings spend a wide range of equity income and multi asset strategies managed in accordance with responsible investment principles. In support of building our leadership and responsible investing, we continue to invest in Calvert to expand their ESG research in corporate engagement capabilities.  We are also investing to build greater connectivity across our investment organization to support the integrated consideration of responsible investing criteria into the fundamental research processes of Eaton Vance Management and Atlanta Capital. Capitalizing on the proprietary ESG research the Calvert provides. We are also working to expand Calvert's presence and influence in the growing dialogue around responsible investing. Earlier this month, Calvert collaborated with barons for the second year in a row to provide the research supporting the annual barons cover story identifying and ranking the 100 most sustainable of the thousand largest public companies headquarter in U.S. Based on measures of how each of these companies treat shareholders, employees, customers, their communities and the planet. Away from Calvert, our first quarter equity flows were mixed. We saw net inflows of $800 million into Parametric defensive equity mandates and over $600 million into Eaton Vance investment council's private wealth management business offset by $700 million of outflows from Parametric emerging market equities. Across all our affiliates, we realized approximately $750 million of consolidated net inflows into equity mandates in the quarter. As mentioned previously, we saw net investor outflows from our floating rate loan mutual funds, offering the U.S. totaling $2.6 billion in the quarter within that net withdrawals concentrated in December. Across the balance of our floating rate business net outflows were a more modest $300 million as institutional withdrawals were partially offset by higher borrowing balances in leverage loan funds. Within our floating rate loan business. We announced yesterday, the promotion of our long-time director of loan trading and capital markets Andrew Sveen to become Co-Director of the loan group effective March 1st. In that role, Andrew will serve alongside Craig Russ and replace Scott Page, who becomes the Senior Advisor to the group. Andrew's promotion reflects his outstanding contributions to Eaton Vance over his 20 years with the firm and our confidence in his leadership abilities. Scott's movement into a Senior Advisor role closes his remarkable leadership of the bank loan group dating back to 1996, a time when Eaton Vance's bank on business and the asset class as a whole were just beginning to emerge. We are fortunate that Scott will remain closely involved with the loan group of Senior Advisor and Andrew is ready to take the step in his career advancement. Turning to our alternatives reporting category, the quarter's net outflows of $2.2 billion were driven by $1.6 billion of net withdrawals from our global macro absolute return and global macro absolute advantage U.S. mutual funds. As previously mentioned like our floating rate mutual fund withdraws global macro net outflows were concentrated primarily in December and substantially abated in January. In exposure management, we saw $700 million in first quarter net outflows as net reductions in existing client positions more than offset assets gained in the net addition of three new client relationships during the quarter. What changes in client positions can move exposure management assets up or down from period to period the underlying growth in this business is measured by the number of active client relationships remains in place? Close readers of our financial statements will be noticed that we modified our reporting of assets inflows this quarter to combine the previously separate retail managed account and high network separate account reporting categories into a single individual separate account reporting category. This change recognizes the narrow distinctions between the previous reporting categories and better highlights our large and growing business of managing separate accounts for individuals and families. Led by the per metric custom core equity and EVMIR bond offerings that we group under our custom data label this business continues to expand at a rapid cliff. Today we are among the market leaders in individual separately managed accounts with managed assets of a 126.7 billion and some 80,000 in-house managed customized individual accounts. As we scale this business, we recognized the need for ever increasing operating efficiency and continue to invest in technology to advance that objective. You may have seen the press release issued last week announcing that Eaton Vance’s filed an exemptive application with the SEC seeking permission to offer ETFs that would employ a novel method of supporting efficient secondary market trading in their shares which we call the clear hedge method. Because disclosure of current holdings would not be necessary and ETFs portfolio trading activity could remain confidential. In addition to facilitating the introduction across fund asset classes of ETFs employing proprietary active investment strategies the clear hedge method could also be used by existing ETFs holding foreign and less liquid investments to enhance their secondary market trading performance. Aspects of the clear hedge method are subject to issued and pending U.S. patents held by Eaton Vance. In conjunction with filing an exemptive application Eaton Vance has formed a new subsidiary advance to fund solutions to manage the development and commercialization of ETFs utilizing the clear hedge method and other fund related intellectual property. Our next year solution subsidiary becomes part of advanced fund solutions and Steven Clarke President of Next Share Solutions is assuming the same roll at advanced fund solutions. We don’t know how or when the SEC will respond to the clear hedge method application or other proposals to offer proprietary active ETFs, we do believe there is a compelling case supporting our proposed approach. Positive action could set the stage for broader range of proprietary active strategies becoming available to ETFs investors for the first time, negative action could summit next year’s position as the only exchange related product structure that is compatible with proprietary active management. Either outcome could provide a significant opportunity for Eaton Vance. In closing let me say that these are busy active times at Eaton Vance as we continue to advance multiple growth initiatives and work to position our business for continued success in the evolving asset management industry. That concludes my prepared remarks and I will now turn the call over to Laurie.
Laurie Hylton: Thank you and good morning.  As Tom mentioned we reported adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.72 for the first quarter fiscal 2019 a decrease of 6% from $0.78 of adjusted earnings per diluted share in the first quarter fiscal 2018 and a decrease of 14% from $0.85 of adjusted earnings per diluted share reported in the fourth quarter fiscal 2018. As you can see an attachment to our press release GAAP earnings exceeded adjusted earnings by $0.02 per diluted share in the first quarter fiscal 2019 to reflect reverse full of $2.9 million of net excess tax benefits recognized during the period related to stock-based awards.  In the first quarter of fiscal 2018 adjusted earnings exceeded GAAP earnings by $0.15 per diluted share reflecting the add back of $24.7 million of income tax expense recognized in relation to the non-recurring impact of the tax law changes and a $6.5 million charge recognized from the exploration of the company’s option to acquire an additional 26% ownership interest and our 49% owned affiliate additional 26% ownership interest in our 49% own affiliate Hexavest, partially offset by the reversal of $11.9 million of net excess tax benefits related to stock-based awards.  In the fourth quarter fiscal 2018, GAAP earnings exceeded adjusted earnings by $0.02 per diluted share to reflect the reversal of $2.4 million of net excess tax benefits related to stock-based awards. As Tom mentioned, the market backdrop for the quarter, particularly for the first two months was particularly challenging. Operating Income decreased by 11% year-over-year and 16% sequentially, primarily driven by the decrease in management fee revenue this quarter. Our operating margin was 29.8% in the first quarter fiscal 2019 versus 32.3% in the first quarter fiscal 2018 and 33.5% in the fourth quarter fiscal 2018.  Having exited our fiscal year 2018 reporting new highs in terms of both quarterly and annual earnings, it was disappointing to take a market driven step back and operating income in this quarter ending consolidated managed assets of 444.7 billion at January 31, 2019 were down 1% year-over-year as positive net flows over the past 12 months were more than offset by market price declines versus the end of our fiscal 2018 consolidated managed assets were up 1%, reflecting modestly positive market returns and net flows during the quarter. Although average managed assets were up 1% from the same period last year, management fee revenue was down 3%, reflecting a 4% decrease in our average annualized management fee revenue rate from 33.3 basis points in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 to 32 basis points in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. Average managed assets in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 were down 4% sequentially driving a 6% decrease in management fee revenue. The decline in management fee revenue exceeded the decline in average managed assets, primarily due to a 2% decrease in our average annualized management fee revenue rate from 32.7 basis points in the fourth quarter fiscal 2018 to 32 basis points in the first quarter fiscal 2019. The decline in our average annualized management fee rate over the comparative periods was driven primarily by shifts in our business mix from higher fee to lower fee mandate. In the first quarter of fiscal 2019, annualized internal growth and management fee revenue of negative 4% trailed annualized internal growth and manage assets of 1%, primarily due to the mix of higher fee and lower fee strategies within our outflows and inflows during the quarter. This compares to 4% annualized internal growth in management fee revenue on 7% annualized internal growth in managed assets in the first quarter fiscal 2018 and 1% annualized internal growth in management fees on 2% annualize internal growth in managed assets in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. Turning to expenses, compensation decreased by 1% from the first quarter fiscal 2018, primarily driven by lower operating income-based bonus accruals, and a decrease in stock-based compensation partially offset by higher salaries and benefits associated with increases in headcount and year end merit adjustments.  Sequentially, compensation expense increased by 4% from the fourth quarter fiscal 2018, primarily reflecting an increase in stock-based compensation related to the annual awards granted to employees in November, higher salaries and benefits driven by increases in headcount and seasonal compensation factors including payroll tax clock resets 401-K funding and fiscal year end merit increases, all partially offset by lower operating income based bonus accruals.  Non-compensation distribution related costs, including distribution and service fee expenses and the amortization of deferred sales commissions decreased 6% from the same quarter a year ago, and 7% sequentially, primarily reflecting lower distribution service fee expenses driven by a decrease in average managed assets and share classes that are subject to these fees and lower marketing and promotion costs partially offset by higher commissioning amortization for certain private funds. Funds related expenses were up 5% year-over-year reflecting higher average managed assets and sub advised funds versus a year ago quarter and were down 2% sequentially reflecting lower average managed assets and sub advised funds versus the prior quarter. Other operating expenses increased 13% from the first quarter of fiscal 2018 and decreased 2% from the fourth quarter fiscal 2018. The year-over-year increase primarily reflects higher information technology spending attributable mainly to expenditures associated with the consolidation of our trading platforms and enhancements to Calvert's research system and higher facilities expense related to expansion of rental space and higher depreciation of leasehold improvements.  The sequential quarterly decrease primarily reflects lower professional services expenses due to a decrease in corporate consulting and external legal costs, partially offset by an increase in charitable contributions. We continue to focus on overall expense management and identifying ways to gain operational leverage. Net gains and other investment income on seed capital investments were negligible in the first quarters of fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018 and contributed a penny to earnings per diluted share in the fourth quarter fiscal 2018. When quantifying the impact of our seed capital investments on earnings each quarter, we take into consideration our pro rata shares the gains losses and other investment income earned on investments in sponsored strategies, whether accounted for us consulted funds, separate accounts for equity investments, as well as the gains and losses recognized on derivatives use to hedge these investments.  Within report the per share impact net of income taxes and net income attributable to non-controlling interest. We continue to hedge the market exposures of our seed capital portfolio to the extent practicable to minimize the associated or in volatility. Net gains and other investment income in the first quarter fiscal 2018 included a $6.5 million charge related to the exploration of the company's option to acquire an additional interest in Hexavest. We excluded this one-time charge from our calculation of adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per diluted share for the first quarter fiscal 2018. Non-operating income expense included $2.9 million of net expense allocation from consolidated CLO entities in the first quarter fiscal 2019 and that income contribution of $1.6 million and $0.4 million from consolidated CLO entities in the first quarter fiscal 2018 and the fourth quarter fiscal 2018 respectively. Year over year and sequential decreases in income contribution from consolidated CLO entities primarily relates to a decline and fair value of the company's beneficial interest in these entities, resulting from a downturn in the loan market during the first quarter of fiscal 2019. Turning to taxes. Our effective tax rate was 23.4% for the first quarter fiscal 2019, 36.3% in the first quarter fiscal 2018 and 26.4% in the fourth quarter fiscal 2018. The company's income tax provision for the first quarter fiscal 2019 includes $0.6 million of charges associated with certain provisions of the 2017 Tax Act relating to limitations on the deductibility of executive compensation that began taking effect for the company in fiscal 2019. The company's income tax provision was reduced by net excess tax benefits related to stock-based awards totaling $2.9 million in the first quarter fiscal 2019. $11.9 million in the first quarter fiscal 2018, and $2.4 million in the fourth quarter fiscal 2018. The company's income tax provision for the first quarter fiscal 2018 also included a non-recurring charge $24.7 million to reflect the estimated effects of the U.S. federal tax law changes that were enacted in the first quarter fiscal 2018. As shown an attachment 2 to our press release, our calculations of adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per diluted share remove the net excess tax benefits related to stock-based awards and the non-recurring impact of the tax law changes.  On this basis, our adjusted effective tax rate was 25.9% in the first quarter fiscal 2019, 26.7% in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 and 28.6% in the fourth quarter fiscal 2018. On the same adjusted basis, we estimate that our quarterly effective tax rate for the balance of fiscal 2019 and for the fiscal year as a whole will range between 25.9% and 26.4%. During the first quarter fiscal 2019, we use $43.2 million of corporate cash to pay the $0.35 per share of quarterly dividend declared at the end of our previous quarter, and repurchased 3.1 million shares of non-diluting common stock for approximately $115 million.  Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding $115.5 million in the first quarter fiscal 2019, down 7% year-over-year, and 5% sequentially, reflecting share repurchases and exits of new shares issued upon investing of restricted stock awards and exercise employee stock options and a decrease in the diluted effect of in the money options and unvested restricted stock award. We finished our first fiscal quarter holding $698.6 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term debt securities, and approximately $337.4 million and seed capital investments. These amounts compared to outstanding debt obligations of $625 million. We continue to place high priority on using the company’s cash flow to benefit shareholders. Given revenue weakness and growth in fixed expenses fiscal discipline around discretionary spending remains top of mind in fiscal 2019. Based on our strong liquidity and overall financial condition we believe we are well positioned to continue managing our business for long term growth through the current weakness while also continuing to return capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. This concludes our prepared comments and at this point we’d like to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from the line of Daniel [ph] of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thanks. Actually, Gerry O'Harris [ph] sitting in for Dan this morning. Appreciate the color around the bank loan flows for into quarter but perhaps you could maybe elaborate a little bit on the outlook for flows products was a flat to even potentially declining interest rate environment going forward?
Thomas Faust: Yes, so there were a couple of things that occurred in the quarter that adversely affected the flows. One, relating to a changing view on where short-term interest rates might be going. Second, relating to where it looked like the economy might be going is the potential there for credit losses in full investment grade assets like floating rate loans. And the third was, yearend tax law [ph] selling. And as we look at the outlook from here, we’re not in a position where we’re going to see yearend tax law selling at least not anytime soon. From our read of the economy, there is not a substantial chance of a recession or a dramatic weakness occurring over the next few quarters anyway for what’s visible.  In terms of where rates are going, I think we’re in a position where investors could see long term rates frankly move either way and also where there is some potential albeit diminished for continuing upward movement in short term rates. What people need to understand about bank loans is that you don’t need increases in short term rates for this to be a favorable investment. If you can look at yields on the funds today based on where rates are today and the potential for recovery overtime of some of the old ground that was lost on valuations in the December declines, we think we’re positioned for high single-digit type annualized returns in the asset class even in the absence of upward movement in short term rates which we believe many investors will find attractive.
Unidentified Analyst: That’s helpful. And perhaps one for Laurie looks like there is an accounting change in early November could you perhaps help us unpack this solo maybe which line items and revenue or even expense side of the P&L were impacted?
Laurie Hylton: Yes, the most significant impact of the new accounting pronouncement related to the reclassification of fund subsidies so previously under the old accounting guidance, we recorded fund subsidies as a component of fund expenses and under the new guidance we need to actually bring that up to the top line and actually report that as a contour revenue amount against the management fees. So, you’ll see that we adopted the new account pronouncement using a full retrospective application so the numbers you’re seeing are full apples-to-apples comparison going back for all periods presented. But just to kind of give you the numbers that really kind of moving the numbers around a little bit on the revenue side.  The subsidies that we moved from expense up to a control management fee representation where a total for the quarter were $9.2 million for the previous quarter so Q4 of 2018 were $8.7 million and then for the first quarter of 2018 more felt $5.7 million so those are the numbers that are now being netted against management fees and are affecting not only the obviously the absolute dollar amount of management fees presented but also impacting our affective fee rates and then all the calculations. So again, we did the full retrospective application all prior periods had been changed to reflect those that movement including our effective fee calculation by mandate category.
Unidentified Analyst: So, the net impact of that is that the revenues go down and reported expenses also go down. So, margins go up. There was also a second aspect of that change, although smaller had the opposite effect on margins. You want to talk about that?
Laurie Hylton: Yes. At the end of the day and just be clear, operating income didn't change at all, this is all just movement around categories. But on the distribution side, there was a modest required between distribution expense and distribution income. And by quarter, it was somewhere in the neighborhood of $3.5 million to $4.5 million.  So that was far less impactful, because obviously one of the biggest drivers of the business right now is looking at our effective fee rates in terms of our management fees. So that had far less impact, but it muted the impact on margin of the management fee change.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks for taking our questions.
Operator: Your next question today comes from the line of our Ari Ghosh of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Ari Ghosh: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Maybe the first one for Laurie back on expenses. I know that the restatement impact of the distribution and services lines on this quarter. But can you help us think about comp and other expense line for 2019? Is the 36% still a reasonable called margin range for fiscal '19 and then on the other expenses? Should we expect the 53 million per quarter to drift low a little bit, just given that you're done our platform in creation projects?
Laurie Hylton: Yes, I think we're still continuing to invest. So, I wouldn't make any assumptions about our longer-term investments on the technology side. I think that we've got, and Tom identified in his comments earlier. We're continuing to invest both in Calvert and also on our platforming around separate accounts and will be thinking more about that as the year progresses. From a comp perspective,  I think that the comp range is reasonable. I think that obviously in periods like we saw this quarter, where you had a significant downturn -- down take in the management fees, the mix between variable and fix is going to shift a little bit. But we would not anticipate seeing anything significantly changed in terms of our overall comp ratios.
Ari Ghosh: Got it. And then on the fee rates. Can you talk about the core trends that drove the lower fee rate this quarter? Was more mix shift driven by product to channel within these asset classes? Any additional color here would be helpful. And then you mentioned the improvement in the organic revenue growth in January and throughout the quarter. Is -- are you seeing that in Feb as well? Can you just give us an update on how that's tracking for that?
Thomas Faust: Yes. So, let me just -- I'll start with the organic revenue growth. We don't calculate work, it's a fairly involved calculation. So, we don't do a daily updated organic revenue growth this was actually the first time, we've broken it out on a monthly basis into quarter. So, we don't -- I have a sense of exactly where we are in February, but it feels like the tone of the business remains positive. We do see daily flow data, we can approximate what that looks like from an organic revenue growth perspective. So, generally the positive tone of January continues with solid net inflows for the month to date in February. In terms of drivers of -- our declining average fee rate. It's 2 things, it is mix of business that is both across categories and within reporting categories. Generally, we're adding business or adding more business at lower fee rates. And in some cases, we're losing higher fee assets. There was also some, I would say it's a secondary effect, but also there was some re-pricing of existing mandates. Particularly in the first quarter, I highlighted in my comments. The net outflows from our bank on mutual funds and our global macro mutual funds, both of which happened to be among our higher fee strategies.  So, in this particular case, it was really the outflows from those plus the fact that our inflows are in things like custom beta that are lower fees. That really accounts for the continuing movement downward. But we view this as a long-term secular trend and expect to manage our business accordingly.
Ari Ghosh: I'll get back in the queue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt of Autonomous Research.
Patrick Devin : Thank you, good morning. On the exposure -- on the parametric side and custom data stuff, I know you’ve always kind of highlighted how high touch that can be. As a part of the investment process, working towards ways to maybe automate that business a bit more in order to eke out a bit more operating leverage?
Thomas Faust: Well, so we manage across parametric. I think it's something on the order of 40,000 individual separate accounts. So it has to be highly automated for that to work, particularly given average fee rates across that business in 20 basis point range. So let's say -- so we're -- we think we're already pretty good at serving customized individual separate accounts investors on an cost effective basis.  We expect over time to get even better to continue investing in technology and improving our operating efficiency to drive down service costs. And those costs are primarily reflective of the number of accounts. So it's -- although our fees tend to be AUM-based or [indiscernible] O-AUM base, our cost in that business are primarily account based.  So the margin is sensitive to average account size and also to our costs per account. And we very much focus on trying to drive those down as much as possible because we expect and we hope that as our business grows, we will expand the range of assets and investors that we serve. That will likely have the effect of driving down average account sizes.  So we need to drive up our operating efficiency so that we can drive down our per unit operating costs, so that we can maintain profitability levels as we bring down average account sizes.
Patrick Devin: Helpful. Thank you. And then I think you just mentioned the re-pricing of some existing mandates. Could you expand on that a bit? And is it something that you think was fairly idiosyncratic to the quarter or a trend developing with -- a certain core climates or something?
Thomas Faust: No. There were no material individual repricings during the quarter, certainly nothing to call out. I was just commenting on the general trend in our business that fees are moving lower. Sometimes that's in response to agreements with individual clients, or intermediaries or fund trustees, but frankly more often it's driven by competitive forces where our sales teams or marketing organization generally recommends that we lower prices in a particular asset class because we think that will make our strategies more saleable.
Patrick Devin: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. 
Brian Bedell: Great, thanks, good morning. Maybe just following on that question on the pricing pressure; obviously mix shift there as you alluded to is a major driver of that. But within the two buckets where we saw the biggest compression in the equity area and the alternative area, I guess maybe Tom, if you could comment on to what extent that was caused by the repricing versus just simply mix shift within those categories. And if it's mix shift, should we expect that fee rate to bump back up in the next quarter, given that positive trends within geography. 
Thomas Faust: Yes, Brian in both of those categories, it would certainly be overwhelmingly mix shift. I can't promise that it's going to reverse in future quarters. If you look at the alternatives category, the Global Macro Absolute Return Advantage Fund, which has embedded leverage in it, and therefore has a higher return potential commends a higher fee. We saw an increase in the average fee rate within that category a year ago or over the early quarters of fiscal 2018 as the global macro advantage version grew relative to the category as a whole.  With the outflows from the global macro strategies including global macro advantage in the fourth quarter that reversed. Within equities, I would say the primary driver, there has been new business gained at relatively low fee rates. That includes a large investment council client, that includes our parametric defensive equity mandates which are at lower than average equity fee rates.  Also, some of the inflows at Calvert are in index-based strategies, including their largest index-based bond, which is at 19 basis point expense ratio for the institutional share class. So it's really very much in those two cases in particular, very much driven by mix shift for.
Laurie Hylton: Parametric emerging markets. 
Thomas Faust: Yes, thanks, Laurie. To go on the other direction parametric emerging markets where we had I think about $700 million of net outflows in the quarter, is an above average fee rate. So it's gaining assets in lower fee strategies and losing assets in higher fee strategies. Unfortunately that's the way of the world these days in asset management. 
Brian Bedell: Yes. Now it's very clear. Thank you. And then just to follow up, I mean maybe Tom if you could talk a little bit about the clear head application, how you think that's differentiated from the I think it's probably closest to sort of a T row [ph] type of application as opposed to precision. But maybe how you see that differentiated and you mentioned also if there's negative action -- no action on it. Do you think that will become a catalyst for the ETM app and maybe you could give a sense of timing on that I guess if that's possible? 
Thomas Faust: Sure. So the clear hedges one of now a series of half dozen or so exempted applications before the SEC, relating primarily to the ability to offer ETFs that don't disclose their full holdings on a current daily basis. Most of those the proposition is that the fund will disclose on a daily basis using different technology, but different terminology. But I'll call them a reference portfolio that was something that looks like smells like behaves like the fund's actual portfolio but does not include all the current holdings where the delta is designed to preserve the confidentiality of current trading.  The concern has been that a proxy portfolio, I'll call it, while on clear days may perform adequately particularly in asset classes like U.S. equities that in harder asset classes like international securities or less liquid securities, or across all asset classes during periods of significant market volatility, that, that won't be good enough. And that the reference portfolio and the actual portfolio will be subject to what's called basis risk, which market makers will deal with in a very clear way, which is during those times, and for those types of funds they'll deal with, by widening their bid-ask spreads and causing investor trading costs to go up.  Our proposed approach called Clear Edge builds on that approach by not only disclosing a reference portfolio, but also by incorporating a swap facility whereby a market maker or other arbitrage --could enter into transactions with the fund to an effect lay off the relative performance risk between the known hedge portfolio, and the unknown underlying portfolio, so providing a much more reliable basis for ensuring that the funds can be arbitrage effectively across all market environments and across all fund asset classes.  As mentioned in my comments, we were issued a patent on this approach back in October. And it's on that basis that we're looking to not only get approval for these application, but also potentially to license that technology across the fund business.  We don't claim to be unbiased but we certainly think that we're all that to the other applications our proposed approach up stacks up very well, in terms of broad applicability and the most assured level of strong secondary market trading performance.  In terms of the impact of this on NextShares, we continue to support our NextShares initiatives. We still face the issue that we have very limited distribution access. As we’ve talked about in previous quarters one of the biggest challenges perhaps the biggest challenge with NextShares has been the competition against the idea that the SEC is about to approve something else that is an ETS, not something like next year’s exchange trader managed fund that requires more of an education process to the advisor and to the underlying and investor as to what this is. What the clear hedge method exemptive application does for us is essentially puts us with a significant leg in both camps, that is if the SEC were to act to approve some or all of these exemptive applications for ETS that don’t disclose their holdings on a daily basis we think we have an idea that stacks up very-well against the competition, and we hope that would translate into approval for our idea and potentially broad market application. If things go the other way and the SEC somehow puts a nail on the coffin on the idea that these things will become approved, that opens up we believe a much greater opportunity to introduce NextShares across the broader range of distribution. As it stands now the NextShares effort is largely on hold in terms of adding new distribution relationships, pending what many perceive as maybe a near term resolution of this issue at the SEC.  Many people are saying we don’t know if this is true or not, that 2019 will decide one way or another whether some of these or all of these concepts get approved. 
Brian Bedell: Okay very good, great, thanks for that. And then cost for the turnout are relatively immaterial I guess continues to stop [ph] in the distribution in the ETMF?
Thomas Faust: Relatively in material yes.
Brian Bedell: Okay great. 
Thomas Faust: And we don’t expect the same kind of cost to be incurred in connection with launching Clear Edge if we’re so lucky to have that opportunity. Our expenses for next years if you look back on it were principally related to training of advisors educating the market and developing technology at the broker-dealer level to accommodate the special way in which NextShares trade.  ETFs involving the Clear Edge method will still be ETFs and will trade in exactly the same way as other ETS and don’t require significant investor education.
Brian Bedell: Okay, great, thank you so much.
Thomas Faust: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee of KBW. Your line is open.
Robert Lee: Good thanks good morning everyone. Could you maybe just follow up a little bit on some of the investment priorities I mean obviously time you called out, contained investment in scaling the separate account business and investing in Calvert in ESG but can you maybe talk a little about some other initiatives and I guess maybe particularly you built out London a few years ago kind of your thoughts about on progress there as well as maybe more globally. 
Thomas Faust: Yes thanks so just check off you hit most of our list strategic priorities for the year, so building out our specialty solutions for high net worth investors led by the custom beta offerings, responsible investing and when you did mentioned but which I’ll just highlight is floating rate and short duration strategies building on our historical basis of market leader and [indiscernible] to encompass a broader range of short, ultra-short duration strategies. Some of them connected to Calvert some not, some primarily fund vehicles some offered a separate account but broadening our portfolio of businesses relating to short duration floating rate type assets. The fourth priority and the one you’re asking about specifically is growing our business internationally. We seem to be in a holding pattern with about 95% of our assets managed for clients in the U.S. and that’s [indiscernible] of trying to grow our business outside of the United States. You mentioned an effort that we undertook about 3.5 years ago to put in place an equity investment team in London that team continues to operate there.  We are at a point where our lead strategies managed by that team recently gained three year track records and in some cases those were quite attractive three year track records. Particularly in small cap global and international equities, we see an opportunity to gain significant business in 2019, driven by the strength of that three year track record, the reputation of the team that precedes their coming to Eaton Vance.  And also just the fact that small cap is an area of the market where good managers tend to talk with capacity. And so there tends to be more demand for let's call it new managers. And also there's maybe a broader belief that active managers can add value in small cap then in the larger cap asset classes. So I would point to first what we hope will be expanding business in small cap there.  Another angle that we're pursuing to growing our international business relates to Calvert and specifically to the integration of Calvert source ESG Research into our menu of internationally offered, both equity and income strategies, particularly in Europe having a demonstrated integration of responsible investing criteria into your research process is a must have not a want to have, and having Calvert is part of Eaton Vance.  And the work we've done over the last couple of years to integrate their research into our investment offerings -- and when I say our I mean things branded Eaton Vance management as well as things branded Calvert, we hope will begin to pay dividends in the market in 2019. Very strong demand in the market for responsibly invested solutions, very strong respect in the market for what Calvert stands for in that market and the capabilities of its research team, the challenge and the opportunity for us to marry those two things, and to bring out a range of strategies that incorporate that research inside Eaton Vance managed equity and income strategies, particularly focused on the European market.
Robert Lee: And maybe, thank you. Maybe kind of corollary or follow up to that. I mean look historically the firm has been reasonably acquisitive. And then looking at well, it was Calvert or Parametric many years ago, along the way in acquiring new capabilities. So when you think of the industry landscape, can you may be helpful if it's possible, kind of thinking about how are you thinking about it incremental, inorganic, opportunities are there specific -- whether it is regions or distribution channels or asset classes that are would be most interested in if there was an inorganic opportunity that came along.
Thomas Faust: Yes, we certainly subscribed to the view that the industry needs to consolidate and is likely ripe for consolidation. There have been some challenges to that, in that the rising equity markets of let's say 2017, 2016, 2017 covered a lot of sense for companies that while they were experiencing organic declines in their business, we're seeing top line growth driven by rising prices.  With the declines in the market last year, particularly the acceleration of those in the fourth quarter. I think more companies are aware of the fact that on the active side and unless you have scale also in the passive side, this is a pretty tough business and that there can be significant advantages by combining to gain market strength and potentially also to realize some cost synergies.  We have not done what we would consider consolidation type acquisitions. For the right kind of target we would certainly be interested, they would have -- they would have to be a cultural complementarity, there would have to be clear potential to save costs. But probably most importantly, we would have to have a clear path to understanding that revenues were going to be sustained post transaction.  Always in these things that the risk is that you lose more in revenues then you save in costs. But we're looking at this, Laurie and I spent a fair bit of time chasing down different potential opportunities in most cases we proved to be to price sensitive to be the cases, we proved to be to price sensitive, to be the winners that things come to an auction, where it's outside of an auction situation where people are more focused on the past, supportive owner and supportive investment culture, we tend to do pretty well in those conversations.  Objectives that we have in considering acquisitions, I'd say, first and foremost, adding to the value of our firm. That's number one. So that's a function of -- if we buy something, what does that do potentially for earnings and what does that do potentially to the multiple that the market applies to those earnings recognizing that, if we were to merge with a lower growth company. We might get back more in multiple then we gain in terms of earnings accretion.  If you go down a bit and say, well, what strategic objectives would we like to perhaps advance by growing inorganically. Certainly making our business more global would be one objective. There are certain asset classes that perhaps we would be interested in growing. We don't have a fundamental emerging market equity capability within our company, at least not of size. We have been interested in expanding and leverage credit perhaps into private markets. That's probably covers the landscape. We're interested in growing the Parametric business, if there are complementary businesses that perhaps, we can acquire, that fit in with their systematic rules based approach to investing that would perhaps either add scale or add complementary features or perhaps help us gain new geographies. But we kick the tires on a fair bit of things and so far haven't come up -- haven't emerged victorious in anything since the Calvert transaction two years ago.
Robert Lee: Great. Very helpful. Thanks for taking my questions.
Thomas Faust: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question today comes from the line of Mike Carrier of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Michael Carrier: Thanks, and good morning. Just one for me. Just given some of the mix shift trends that we've seen and then some of the strength that you're seeing in the individual separate accounts, I just wanted to get maybe some color on how we should think about or how you guys are thinking about like the fee rate trends, but then, you probably more importantly, the incremental margins in that channel and the business overall.  Laurie, I think you mentioned just given like the market dynamics and expense discipline and then some of the investments to try to drive down like improving efficiency overtime. So just any color on -- what you guys are working on? Or what can give some of the fee rate in the trends in the industry?
Laurie Hylton: That's a -- that's pretty broad question. I think that we're very mindful as Tom mentioned, that when we start entering and continue to scale the separate account business, that the margin profile is a little bit different, because it is far less about the variable costs as it is about that sort of fixed cost base that you have to deal with, because it really is an account driven business.  So I think we're really being very thoughtful about that business right now. Because we do recognize that going forward, if we want to scale way beyond the roughly 80,000 separate accounts across the complex that we're currently managing. And we certainly have every intent and desire to do so. We're going to have to make some investments to ensure that we can remain as efficient as possible and ensure that our platforms are scalable as possible. So I would anticipate that we will see incremental investment there, I don't think we have anything that we're quantifying at this point, but we will be making incremental investment. But to that end, if we're able to make those investments, we would hope that we would become on an account-by-account basis, effectively more -- will be able to leverage the business in a more efficient way.  So we continue to think that both sides of the business sort of, our traditional active, as well as the direct indexing and other separate account parts of our business are equally attractive to us and are certainly capable of generating significant operating leverage. But we need to be really thoughtful as we continue to grow these businesses going forward.
Michael Carrier: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Thomas Faust: Okay. Very good. I think we're out of time for today. So at this point, I want to thank everybody for your participation. And we look forward to speaking with you soon.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now connect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-11-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Senay - Director of IR Thomas E. Faust Jr. - Chairman, CEO and President Laurie G. Hylton - VP and CFO
Analysts: Gerald O'Hara - Jefferies & Company Ken Worthington - JPMorgan Chase Robert Lee - KBW Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Bill Katz - Citigroup
Operator: Good morning. My name is Stephanie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Eaton Vance Corp Fourth Fiscal Quarter Earnings Conference call and Webcast. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Eric Senay, you may begin your conference.
Eric Senay: Thank you and good morning and welcome to our Fiscal 2018 fourth quarter earnings call and webcast. With me this morning are Tom Faust, Chairman and CEO of Eaton Vance, and Laurie Hylton, our CFO. In today's call, we will first comment on the quarter and then take your questions. The full earnings release and charts we will refer to during the call are available on our Web site, eatonvance.com under the heading, Press Releases. In today’s presentation contains forward-looking statements about our business and financial results. The actual results may differ materially from those projected due to risks and uncertainty in our business, including, but not limited to, those discussed in our SEC filings. These filings, including our 2017 Annual Report and Form 10-K, are available also on our Web site or upon request at no charge. I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: Good morning. Thank you, Eric, and thanks, everyone for joining us. Earlier today Eaton Vance reported adjusted earnings per diluted share of $3.21 for the fiscal year ended October 31st, which is an increase of 29% from the $2.48 of adjusted earnings per diluted share we reported for fiscal 2017. In the fourth -- for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, we reported adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.85, which is up 21% from the $0.70 per diluted share of earnings we reported for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, and up 4% from $0.82 per diluted share in this fiscal year's third quarter. Both the annual and quarterly results we reported today are new record highs for the company. While lower income taxes have contributed significantly to this year's earnings growth, pre-tax adjusted operating income increased 14% for fiscal 2018 as a whole and was up 4% in the fourth quarter versus the fourth quarter of last year. We ended fiscal 2018 with consolidated assets under management of $439.3 billion, up 4% from 12 months earlier with a volatile October raising the fiscal year's previous market gains, all our AUM growth in fiscal 2018 was attributable to net inflows. We generated $17.3 billion of consolidated net inflows in fiscal 2018, representing 4% internal growth in managed assets. Excluding exposure management, which has lower fees and more volatile flows than the rest of our business, net inflows for the year were $25.6 billion in fiscal 2018. This equates to 8% internal growth in managed assets and nearly matches the $26.4 billion of net inflows we delivered in the -- in fiscal 2017. Fourth quarter fiscal 2018 consolidated in -- net inflows of $2.1 billion represent 2% annualized internal growth in managed assets or 5% annualized internal AUM growth, excluding the $2.5 billion of exposure management net outflows we had in the fourth quarter. While net outflows -- while net flows in internal growth and managed assets are customary measures of an asset managers organic growth. We also focus on internal growth in management fee revenue. Organic revenue growth as we define measures the change in consolidated management fee revenue resulting from net inflows and outflows, taking into account the fee rate applicable to each dollar in or out and excluding the impact of market action, adjustments in the fee rates of continuing managed assets and in the acquisitions of managed assets. In fiscal 2018, organic management fee revenue growth was 5%, slightly above our 4% organic growth in managed assets for the year. In the fourth quarter, management fee revenue grew organically at an annual rate of 2%, the same as the quarter's organic AUM growth rate. Although peer companies typically do not disclosed organic revenue growth numbers, we believe Eaton Vance continues to rank highly among public asset managers by this measure with the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 representing our 11th consecutive quarter of positive organic revenue growth. A number of factors have contributed Eaton Vance's -- this to Eaton Vance's sustained run of positive organic revenue growth, starting with strong investment performance. As of October 31, we had 66 U.S mutual funds with an overall Morningstar rating of four or five stars for at least one class of shares, including 28 five-star rated funds. As measured by total return, 50% of our U.S mutual fund assets ranked in the top quartile of their Morningstar peer groups over 3 years, 63% in the top quartile over 5 years and 56% top quartile over 10 years. In the rising interest rate environment of 2018, our floating-rate bank loan franchises demonstrated strong appeal to investors generating net inflows of $5.9 billion for the fiscal year, and $2 billion in the fourth quarter, representing annualized internal growth in AUM of 15% and 18%, respectively. For both the fiscal year as a whole and the fourth quarter, our bank loan flows were driven primarily by strong sales of our floating-rate income mutual funds offered in the U.S., a market in which we are the share leader. Our lineup of fixed income mutual funds positioned as short or ultra-short duration, short-term or adjustable-rate has also proved attractive in the rising rate environment of 2018, gaining $1.8 billion of net inflows for the fiscal year, which equates to 29% internal growth in managed assets. In the fourth quarter, annualized internal growth in managed assets accelerated 40% with net inflows of $700 million. Among our leading funds in this category are the five-star rated Eaton Vance short duration government income and Eaton Vance short duration municipal income -- municipal opportunities funds. These funds are well-suited for income investors who have limited appetite for interest-rate risk and also seek to avoid exposure to corporate credit markets. Our lineup of custom index equity and the laddered bond separate accounts offered to retail and high net worth investors also contributed significantly to growth in fiscal 2018. As we have described in prior calls, we frequently market Parametric Custom Core equity strategies in combination with EVM managed customized municipal and corporate bond ladders and refer to the combined offering as custom beta. As shown in Slide 12 of our presentation, managed assets in our custom beta strategies increased 24% from $68.3 billion at the end of fiscal 2017 to $84.3 billion at the end of fiscal 2018. The $14.8 billion of net inflows for the full fiscal year and $4.3 billion of net inflows in the fourth quarter represent annualized internal growth in managed assets of 22% and 21%, respectively. These market-leading offerings combine the benefits of passive investing with the ability to customize portfolios to meet individual preferences and needs. Responsible investing continues to be a leading trend in asset management and a significant driver of growth for Eaton Vance. When we acquired the assets of Calvert Investments at the end of December 2016, I talked about the opportunity we saw to apply our management and distribution resources to help this longtime leader in responsible investing become a larger and more impactful business. Now less than 24 months later we are achieving that vision. Total Calvert managed assets, including amounts sub-advised by other Eaton Vance affiliates, increased 14% from $12.9 billion on October 31, 2017 to $14.7 billion at fiscal 2018 year-end. As measured from the close of the Calvert transaction on December 30, 2016, total managed assets of Calvert strategies are up 24%. Net inflows in the Calvert strategies were $1.9 billion in fiscal 2018, representing 15% internal growth in managed assets. Fourth quarter net inflows of $600 million equate to 16% annualized internal growth in AUM. While the appeal of responsible investing does not rest solely on performance, it certainly helps to have competitive returns as of October 31, 2018, 15 Calvert funds were rated four or five stars by Morningstar for at least one class of shares with high-performing Calvert offerings across a broad range of equity in common multi-asset categories. While Calvert is the centerpiece of our responsible investment strategy, our commitment to responsible investing doesn't end there. In fiscal 2018, the investment teams at Eaton Vance management launched programs to integrate the consideration responsible investing criteria into their fundamental research processes, capitalizing on the proprietary research that Calvert provides. Atlanta Capital also maintains a significant focus on responsible investing and Parametric manages over 20 billion of assets based on client directed responsible investment criteria. The Parametric responsible investment offerings incorporate portfolio screens and tilts and index customization capabilities to enable investors to tailor their investment holdings to align with their individual values. We continue to believe that responsible investing is here to stay and that it represents a major growth opportunity for Eaton Vance. While fiscal 2018 was a strong period for Eaton Vance in many aspects, the year was not without its challenges. Within equities, two leading Parametric franchise experienced significant outflows as their investment styles moved out of favor with investors. The Parametric structure emerging market equity strategies had net outflows of $2.6 billion for the fiscal year as a whole and $900 million in the fourth quarter. On a net basis, Parametric single stock and portfolio call writing programs outflow of $800 million for the fiscal year and $500 million in the fourth quarter. Despite the bleeding of managed assets, we see reason for optimism that the outlook for these strategies maybe improving. After a period of below-average returns, Parametric structure EM equity strategy has been a standout relative performer over more recent periods. At the end of October, the Class I-shares of both the Parametric emerging market equity mutual funds ranked in the top decile of their Morningstar peer groups for three-month year-to-date and one year total returns. While covered call writing programs don't lend them self to comparative investment performance, we believe the market appeal of equity call writing, which is fundamentally a risk mitigating strategy will likely improve its equity markets and become more defensive as equity investors become more defensive in response to choppier markets. Another leading franchise where we’ve faced performance headwinds and deteriorating flows is global macro, which constitutes most of the assets and flows of our alternative assets reporting category. Managed by the EVM global income team, global macro absolute return and global macro absolute return advantage strategies hold long and short positions in currency and short duration sovereign debt instruments of emerging and frontier market countries, seeking returns that are substantially uncorrelated with global equity markets in U.S interest rates, and that exceeds short-term treasury returns. As performance fell off in conjunction with weakness in selected emerging and frontier markets in which we’ve held the long exposures, our global macro strategies had net outflows of $700 million in the fourth quarter, reversing the $1.5 billion of net inflows in the first nine months of the fiscal year. Another leading franchise were we've been seeing net outflows is exposure management. As a reminder, exposure management is a Parametric business offering primarily future space overlay of strategies to institutional investors, so they can add or remove or hedge market exposures within their portfolios in a transparent efficient and customized manner without disrupting their underlying investment holdings. At an average fee rate of 5 basis points, this is our lowest fee business, but historically a contributor to company growth. Since entering this business through the acquisition of the former Clifton Group at the end of 2012, we’ve more than double the assets in this franchise from $32 billion to $78 billion. While exposure management had net outflows of $8.3 billion in fiscal 2018 as a whole and $2.5 billion in the fourth quarter, it's important to understand that the outflows we've experienced here do not reflect the loss of clients rather lower average balances in ongoing client relationships. We do not budget for or attempt to forecast changes in the average balances of our exposure management clients, which can vary considerably due to changes in their portfolio cash levels or other investment considerations. In most year since we entered this business, existing clients have on balance added to their portfolio -- over to their Parametric overlay exposures. While that was not the case in fiscal 2018, our client roster in this strategy has continued to expand with a net increase of nine new or significantly expanded relationships booked in the fourth quarter alone. Despite the volatility of quarterly and yearly asset flows, we continue to view exposure management as an important business franchise for us and a growth driver going forward. A key to Eaton Vance's long-term success continues to be our ability to grow our higher fee actively managed investment strategies, at the same time as we expand our lower fee more passive businesses. Our active investment strategies, which encompass a diverse range of equity, fixed and floating-rate income, alternative and multi-asset capabilities had net inflows of $10.6 billion for the fiscal year, representing 5% internal growth in managed assets. Growth in actively managed strategies was complemented by momentum and more passive strategies, including Calvert index funds, Parametric portfolio implementation and exposure management strategies and services, and EVM's laddered bond separate accounts. Excluding exposure management, our more passive strategies had $15 billion of net inflows in fiscal 2018, which represents 12% internal growth in managed assets. As we enter fiscal 2019, Eaton Vance is focused on five strategic priorities. First, building upon and defending our leadership position in specialty strategies and services for high net worth institutional investors. Second, capitalizing on the current interest rate environment to grow our market position in floating-rate and short duration fixed income strategies. Third, expanding our leadership position in responsible investing. Fourth, increasing our global investment capabilities and distribution reach outside the U.S., and fifth, positioning Eaton Vance to profit from a changing environment for the asset management industry. Constant change has long been a hallmark of the investment industry, changing market conditions and demographic trends, shifts in investor sentiment and outlook, advances in information technology, changes in the business strategies of wealth advisory firms, investment consultants and other key intermediaries and gatekeepers, and new tax and regulatory initiatives. Over time what distinguishes the most successful investment management organizations is often how they manage change. Do they offer strategies and services that respond to the changing needs of clients and business partners, do they evolve their business models to the changing opportunities and risk facing the asset management industry. While change is a constant in asset management, the pace of change appears to be accelerating, positioning Eaton Vance for continued success amid accelerating change in our industry, is job one for our leadership team and is the driver of all our strategic thinking. With the successful 2018 under our belts, we now look forward to the opportunities and challenges of a new fiscal year. That concludes my prepared remarks. And I'll now turn the call over to Laurie.
Laurie G. Hylton: Thank you and good morning. Tom mentioned fiscal 2018 was a record year for Eaton Vance in terms of revenue, net income and earnings per share both on a U.S GAAP and adjusted basis. As you can see in attachment two of our press release, we are reporting adjusted earnings per diluted share of $3.21 for fiscal 2018, an increase of 29% from $2.48 of adjusted earnings per diluted share in the prior fiscal year. Adjusted earnings exceeded U.S GAAP earnings by $0.10 per diluted share in fiscal 2018, reflecting the add back of $24 million of income tax expense recognized in relation to the nonrecurring impact of the tax law change that became effective in January. And a $6.5 million charge recognized upon the expiration of the company's options to acquire an additional 26% ownership interest in our 49% owned affiliate Hexavest. These add backs were partly offset by the reversal of $17.5 million of net excess tax benefits that new accounting guidance requires us to recognize in connection with the exercise of employee stock option and vesting of restricted stock awards during the year. In fiscal 2017, adjusted earnings exceeded GAAP earnings by $0.06 per diluted share, reflecting the add back of $5.4 million of costs associated with retiring the company's senior note that were due in October 2017. $3.5 million of structuring fees paid in connection with the 2017 initial public offering of a sponsored closed end fund and $0.5 million related to increases in the estimated redemption value of noncontrolling interest in our affiliates redeemable at other than fair value. Adjusted operating income, which excludes the closed-end fund structuring fees paid in fiscal 2017, increased by 14% year-over-year. On the same adjusted basis, our operating margin improved to 32.6% in fiscal 2018 from 31.8% in fiscal 2017. As Tom mentioned, we’re also reporting record quarterly adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.85 for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, up 21% from $0.70 in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 and up 4% from $0.82 in the third quarter of fiscal 2018. GAAP earnings exceeded adjusted earnings in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 by $0.02 per diluted share to reflect the reversal of $2.4 million of net excess tax benefits recognized from the exercise of employee stock options and vesting of restricted stock awards during the period. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, adjusted earnings exceeded GAAP earnings by a penny per diluted share, reflecting the add back of $0.6 million related to increases in the estimated redemption value of noncontrolling interest and affiliates redeemable at other than fair value. GAAP earnings exceeded adjusted earnings in the third quarter of fiscal 2018 by a penny per diluted share. To reflect the reversal of $1.3 million of net excess tax benefits recognized from the exercise of employee stock options and vesting of restricted stock awards during the period. Operating income in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 increased by 4% from the same period a year-ago and 2% sequentially. Our operating margin was 33.1% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 versus 34.1% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, and 33% in the third quarter of fiscal 2018. Ending consolidated managed assets of $439.3 billion at October 31, 2018 were up 4% from the end of fiscal 2017 driven by positive net flows. Consolidated managed assets were down 3% from the prior quarter end, reflecting positive net flows offset by the market price declines experienced in the final month of our fourth fiscal quarter. The decrease in our managed assets due to market price declines in the month of October totaled $20.1 billion, effectively wiping out market driven gains of the previous 11 months. Despite a difficult October, average managed assets in fiscal 2018 increased 16% from the prior fiscal year, driving a 12% increase in management fee revenue. Growth in management fee revenue trailed growth in average managed assets during the fiscal year due to 3% decline in our average management fee rate from 34.5 basis points in fiscal 2017 to 33.5 basis points in fiscal 2018. This decline in our average management fee rate is primarily attributable to the shift in our business mix year-over-year as lower fee portfolio implementation and bond ladder businesses grew as a percentage of our assets under management. Performance fees which excluded from the calculation of our average management fee rate reduced income by $1.7 million in fiscal 2018 and contributed $0.4 million to earnings in fiscal 2017. As Tom noted, our fiscal 2018 internal growth in management fee revenue of 5% outpaced our internal growth in managed assets of 4%, primarily reflecting the impact of net inflows into higher fee strategies during the year. This compares to 7% internal growth in management fee revenue and a 11% internal growth in managed assets in fiscal 2017. Comparing fourth quarter results to same quarter last year, 10% growth in average managed assets drove an 8% increase in management fee revenue. Sequentially, average managed assets increased 2%, driving management fee growth of 1%. Our average annualized management fee rate of 33.4 basis points in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, down 1% from 33.9 basis points in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, and substantially unchanged from 33.5 basis points in the third quarter of fiscal 2018. Although strong flows into our lower fee strategies continue, net inflows into higher fee strategies helped mitigate the overall fee rate decline. Performance fees reduced income by $0.3 million in the fourth quarters of fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017, and reduced income by $0.4 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2018. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, we realized 2% annualized internal growth in management fees and 2% annualized internal growth in managed assets. This compares to 5% annualized internal growth in management fees and 8% annualized internal growth in managed assets in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, and 5% annualized internal growth in management fees, and 3% annualized internal growth in managed assets in the third quarter of fiscal 2018. The deterioration in our annualized internal growth in management fee this quarter was driven by reduced net inflows in a less favorable mix of higher fee and lower fee strategies within our inflows and outflows. Turning to expenses. Compensation expense increased by 9% in fiscal 2018, primarily reflecting higher salaries and benefits associated with increases in headcount and year-end salary increases from the previous fiscal year, higher operating income and performance based bonus accruals driven by increased profitability and an increase in stock-based compensation, partially offset by lower sales-based incentive compensation. Compensation expense as a percentage of revenue decreased to 35.5% in fiscal 2018 from 36.2% in fiscal 2017. We anticipate the compensation as a percentage of revenue in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 will be closer to 36%, given seasonal pressures associated with payroll tax clock reset 401(k) funding and year-end based salary increases. Controlling our compensation costs and other discretionary spending remains top-of-mind as we moved into -- as we move into the new fiscal year, particularly given the more challenging market environment of late. Non-compensation distribution related costs, including distribution and service fee expenses and the amortization of deferred sales commissions increased 4% in fiscal 2018. The increase primarily reflects higher marketing and distribution related costs, mainly driven by higher average managed assets and open end funds and an increase in service fees and commission amortization for private funds. Backing out the closed-end fund structuring fees paid in fiscal 2017, which we do in calculating adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per diluted share. Our non-compensation distribution related costs in fiscal 2018 were up 6%. Fund related expenses increased 32% in fiscal 2018, primarily reflecting higher fund subsidy accruals and sub-advisory fees, driven by strong asset growth in certain Calvert and Global Macro strategies, and an increase in fund expenses borne by the company on funds for which we earn an all in fee, partially offset by $1.9 million in fund reimbursements made by the company to certain funds in fiscal 2017 that were one-time in nature. Other operating expenses increased 13% in fiscal 2018, reflecting higher information technology spending attributable mainly to expenditures associated with the consolidation of our trading platforms and enhancements to Calvert's research system. Higher facilities expenses related to an increase in rent expense due to the expansion of space and the acceleration of 1.59 of depreciation expense in the second quarter of fiscal 2018, and higher professional services expenses, primarily attributable to an increase in corporate consulting engagements and external legal costs. We continue to focus on overall expense management and identifying ways to gain operational leverage. Net gains and other investment income on seed capital investments contributed a penny to earnings per diluted share in each of the comparative quarterly periods presented. When quantifying the impact of our seed capital investments on earnings each quarter, we take into consideration our pro rata share of the gains, losses and other investment income earned on investments in sponsored strategies, whether accounted for as consolidated funds, separate accounts, or equity method investments, as well as the gains and losses recognized on derivatives used to hedge these investments. We then report the per share impact net of income taxes and net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. We continue to hedge the market exposures of our seed capital portfolio to the extent practicable to minimize the associated earnings volatility. Net gains and other investment income in fiscal 2018 included a $6.5 million charge related to the expiration of the company's Hexavest option in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Non-operating income expense in fiscal 2017 included $5.4 million of debt extinguishment costs incurred in connection with retiring the remaining $250 million aggregate principal balance of the Company's 6.5% senior notes that were due in October 2017. These one-time charges are excluded from our calculations of adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per diluted share for the fiscal years in which they occurred. The $3.9 million decrease in interest expense year-over-year reflects the impact of last year's debt retirement, partially offset by the April 2017 issuance of $300 million of 3.5% senior notes due in April of 2027. Non-operating income expense in fiscal 2018 also includes $1.6 million of income contribution from consolidated CLO entities. Net gains and other investment income in fiscal 2017 included a $1.9 million gain recognized upon the release from escrow of payments received in connection with the sale of the Company's equity interest in Lloyd George management back in fiscal 2011. Turning to taxes. Our effective tax rate was 28.8% in fiscal 2018 and 37% in fiscal 2017. The Company's income tax provision for fiscal 2018 includes a nonrecurring charge of $24 million to reflect the effects of the U.S federal tax law changes that were enacted in the first quarter. The tax increase associated with the nonrecurring charge was partially offset by net excess tax benefits of $17.5 million related to the exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock awards during fiscal 2018. Accounting guidance adopted in the first quarter requires these net excess tax benefits to be recognized in earnings. As shown in attachment two to our press release, our calculations of adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per diluted share removed the nonrecurring impact of the tax law changes and the net excess tax benefits recognized under the new accounting guidance. On this basis, our adjusted effective tax rate was 27.6% in fiscal 2018. On the same adjusted basis, we estimate that our effective tax rate will range between 25.9% and 26.4% for fiscal 2019. We estimate that the reduction in our statutory U.S federal income tax rate due to the enactment of the tax law changes resulted in tax savings of approximately $59.7 million or $0.49 per diluted share for fiscal 2018. Excluding the impact of these tax savings, our fiscal 2018 adjusted earnings per diluted share would have been approximately $2.72, an increase of 10% from the $2.48 of adjusted earnings per diluted share in the prior fiscal year. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, we used $35.3 million of corporate cash to pay the $0.31 per share quarterly dividend declared at the end of our previous quarter and repurchased $2.1 million shares of nonvoting common stock for approximately $100.6 million. Weighted average diluted shares outstanding were $122.9 million at fiscal 2018, up 6% from a $116.4 million at fiscal 2017. We finished our four fiscal quarter holding $873.4 million of cash, cash equivalents and short term debt securities and approximately $358.8 million in seed capital investments. These amounts compare to outstanding debt obligations of $625 million at fiscal year-end. We continue to place high priority on using the Company's cash flow to benefit shareholders. Fiscal discipline around discretionary spending will remain top-of-mind in fiscal 2019. We are very mindful of the more difficult market environment its now upon us, and the associated pressure on revenues that this bring. Given our strong liquidity and overall financial condition, we believe we are well-positioned to continue managing our business for long-term growth, but also continuing to return capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. This concludes our prepared comments. At this point, we would like to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Gerald O'Hara: Great. Thanks. Actually Jerry O'Hara sitting in for Dan this morning. Just a question around fee rates, and specifically the alternatives. It looks like that segment despite some outflows that you cited has continued to kind of march forward or higher with that fee rate, perhaps you could give a little color or context around that dynamic?
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: Yes. So the assets in that category are unusually concentrated in the global macro absolute return and global macro absolute advantage mutual funds. The fee rate on the advantage strategy, which has effectively built-in leverage is significantly higher than the base strategy. So as Eaton Vance global macro advantage grows relative to Eaton Vance global macro absolute return fund, which has happened, you will see the fee rate in that asset category move up.
Gerald O'Hara: Understood. That’s helpful. And then perhaps one on Hexavest flows just sort of looking at Slide 7, it seems to be little -- I guess, a little choppy. Perhaps you could talk a little bit about kind of what the trends look like there. And then one maybe kind of follow-on, if there's any color you might be able add on quarter-to-date flow trends. I know it's still early, but that would be appreciated. Thank you.
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: Yes, maybe I will add. Laurie or Eric, take the quarter-to-date, but just on Hexavest, Hexavest is a top down global equity manager based in Montreal. We own 49%, acquired that position in 2012. Since then, they’ve for the most part been pretty defensively positioned and certainly have been over the last, I will say 2.5 years. Not surprisingly, that meant that until recently they’ve lagged the market in terms of their performance, and again, not surprisingly, given that they lag the market, they’ve seen harder times winning new business and have seen some acceleration of outflows not surprising, but given that they’re defensively positioned and that’s well known to their clients, we'd think that performance during the market rallies of 2017 and earlier parts of this year. It shouldn't have been, it shouldn't have been a surprise. Given the turn in the market recently, not surprisingly, they’ve been performing better. They’ve had good performance, well above market performance since the market started to correct. May not happen immediately, but certainly our expectation is that as that happens, they will see less pressure on outflows and potentially be in a position to see a greater trend of new business won as well.
Gerald O'Hara: Great. Thanks. And then -- yep, go ahead.
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: Go ahead.
Gerald O'Hara: No, I was just going to say then any additional on quarter to date would be helpful.
Laurie G. Hylton: This is Laurie. We don’t have a lot of visibility into the current quarter to date, given that we are only a couple weeks into it, but I think that as Tom noted, their performances has improved significantly. We are waiting to see how that’s actually going to play out in largely institutional business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking my questions. On the bank loan product, it seems like the industry is focusing maybe a touch more on the credit deterioration more so than higher interest rates, and at least we’ve seen a reasonable step up in the outflows from the bank loan ETFs. To what extent do you think the ETF outflows is sort of a leading indicator for what you will see in floating rate products? And then maybe just how are the floating rate products holding up more recently given what we are seeing elsewhere?
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: Yes. Just focusing on the U.S mutual fund business, we’ve seen outflows from the bank loan categories. So similar to what you are describing on the ETF side in the last -- based on industry data that we’ve seen in the last four weeks of industry flows for bank loans have been negative. As you point out that, we believe that relates to increasing concerns about credit. We’ve not been immune to these effects. We’ve seen some outflows at least on some days from our bank loan strategies this month. So there has been a reversal at least partly from the strong inflows that we experienced over the course of fiscal 2018. It's a little hard to say whether there's carry through on this current concern. There has been a little bit, but not much price volatility in the bank loan sector and in some ways that’s healthy, because one of the concerns has been that as new loans are brought to market, they’re brought with tighter spreads or that rates reset on existing loans, which brings down the spread we earn over LIBOR. With the softening of the market, there's we think a healthy effect of mitigating some of those downward pressures on spreads. So -- but everything cuts both ways here, right. So people are more concerned about credit. So that means spreads on new issues are better from the standpoint of buyers, but it also means that at least in the short run we are experiencing some retail flows in connection with growing concerns about credit markets. I would say that looking at the underlying fundamentals, which ultimately will govern whether this is a good time or a bad time to be selling or buying bank loans, certainly, our team is not seeing anything in our portfolios to suggest that there's been a change in credit market conditions. That doesn’t mean that there won't be at some point. We’re pretty long into the current economic cycle. We’re mindful of that just like everyone else is, but we’re not seeing anything in our portfolio that would appear to justify the market concern or the softness in prices that we’ve been seeing in loans over the last couple of weeks. And that softness -- pricing softness has been quite modest. It is not surprising, given the flow dynamic we've experienced.
Ken Worthington: Okay, great. Thank you for that. And then just maybe an update on NextShares. I believe during the quarter one of your partners either announced or did dissolve, I think two of their NextShares funds. Maybe what happened there and what were the -- you usually call the expenses that you’ve incurred. If you did, I apologize, I missed it. But if not, what were the expenses you incurred for NextShares this quarter?
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: Yes. So the announcement that you are referring to was not during the quarter. It was actually the last week that Gabelli announced that they would be converting two of their four NextShares funds into mutual fund. Hasn't happened yet, but they’ve announced that they will be doing that. I don’t know exactly when, but sometime coming up. I guess, the implications of that maybe are obvious, which is that they’ve been disappointed with the sales success that they’ve had with those strategies and think they might be able to sell more with the same strategy and our conventional mutual fund structure. That doesn’t surprise us. We’ve seen -- we look closely at all the mutual -- all that flows into NextShares' funds, not just our own, but those of our licensees and there really hasn’t been a lot of activity, which is reflective of the limited distribution that we’ve had. We’ve been as talked about on the last quarter, we’ve in the absence of significant sales, we’ve been ramping down our marketing activities and bringing down expenses related to NextShares. We are in the range roughly of $2.5 million to $3 million annual spending currently.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW. Your line is open.
Robert Lee: Great. Thank you. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe starting with you Tom, I would like to -- maybe like dive into a little bit more about your comment about positioning Eaton Vance for kind of a changing environment. Maybe give us some sense of specific initiatives that maybe you’ve underway that you think are doing that? And then, as part of that, has the kind of rapidly changing environment in your view at all maybe changed how you think about perspective M&A. Obviously, you -- Calvert and others in the past, you’ve done these bolt on transactions, but -- now you kind of maybe change how you are thinking in light of M&A, particularly given what investors are doing that kind of change the landscape at all?
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: Yes. Thanks, Rob. The -- there are several things going on related to changes in the industry dynamics that I'd point to. Maybe first and most obviously with the market sell off over the last few weeks that has an immediate effect on revenues and so we’re -- we will be tightening up certain spending initiatives in response to that, assuming that there are some carry forward of that. You shouldn’t expect large changes from us on the expense side. We’ve generally taken the view that our strong financial position and margins and cash balances give us the flexibility to invest during periods of market weakness and we will continue to do that. Some of the things on the new initiative side that I'd point to relating to a changing industry environment, clearly our lineup of customized index and laddered bonds, separate accounts, very much play to a couple of current themes in the market. One of those is the growth of passive versus active and the other is the increased desire among investors and intermediaries for customized positions. We’re the market leader in each of those markets and while we expect increased competition, we also see those as significant growth areas where we’re very committed to maintaining our leadership position. Another thing I would point to is our long-term initiative related to responsible investing. You mentioned the acquisition of Calvert, we think we are still in the early stages of growing out our capabilities in responsible investing and seeing that translate into increasingly important part of our business. This is more cyclical than long-term, but we do see a cyclical benefit to us from our floating rate, short duration, adjustable rate, ultra short, a lot of categories of income strategies where we’ve planted seeds and are now seeing strong growth in strategies that are designed to appeal to investors who are concerned about rising interest rates. So at some point that changes, but we made the decision maybe four or five years ago that we were nearing the end of a long bull market in bonds and that it made sense for us to add to our portfolio, a number of bonds that typically carry like short duration, sometimes variations on that, but that enable income investors to invest with less exposure to interest rate risk. And so we think we are quite well positioned to benefit from that theme as well. In terms of industry consolidation and how Eaton Vance might or might not fit into that idea, I certainly believe that our industry is ripe for consolidation. We think that for our key intermediaries there are far more people knocking on their door requesting shelf space than there are available slots and that one way or another that will translate into increased consolidation. By its nature, the passive businesses is an economy of scale business where it makes sense that market share will be relatively concentrated, although that’s not true on the same basis. In active management, we feel like the decreased opportunity will ultimately lead to consolidation there as well. In terms of the specifics of the Invesco transaction, I certainly won't comment on that, but one thing we and other potential acquirers look at is how transactions are received in the marketplace. So critical to us or anyone else looking at a potential acquisition is not only what an acquisition might do for us in terms of increasing our earnings power or improving our strategic position, but we are also very mindful of how that -- how acquisitions are perceived in the marketplace. So if we lose more in PE than we gain in E, we don’t view that as a positive transaction. Of course, you don't know those things in advance, but we want to look at things that we might do that will add to the long-term value of our franchise, both in terms of earnings near-term, but also in terms of our ability to grow over the long-term. Our earnings acquisition is nice, but if it comes at the expense of long-term growth potential, that’s not particularly interesting to us. But if we can do as we did in the case of Calvert, add something that really enhances our strategic position, which has positive implications for a multiple, at the same time as we do something that’s accretive to our earnings, that’s the kind of transaction that we are -- that we would be potentially very interested in.
Robert Lee: I mean, would it be fair to say that you don’t feel that you particularly have say a scale issue in the U.S mutual fund business or anything that you feel kind of your size and scale that’s good?
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: I fell like our size and scale is good, not in the context of $500 billion is necessarily at scale. It might or might not be. What we believe is more relevant is the scale of our leading investment franchises. We are certainly at scale world class by any measure in bank loans. We are certainly at scale world class in the Parametric Custom Indexing business and their exposure management business, in the muni and corporate ladder business with Eaton Vance, our global income business, our high yield business, certain of our equity strategies, we could go on. But that to us is critical is that when an advisor or gatekeeper or consultant is thinking about introducing an asset class into a client's portfolio, what providers are on the short list of names that they consider while performance is important there, so also is scale. You need to have a critical mass to be on that short list and in places where we are active, by and large we think we are big enough to be on that shortlist. We are looking to diversify our business. A key part of that is playing into the trend and responsible investing that continues to emerge. But if I had a choice of doing an acquisition that took Eaton Vance from, let's call it $500 billion in AUM to a trillion in AUM, that did nothing for us in terms of our growth rate and did nothing for us in terms of our current earnings power, I wouldn’t see a lot of point in doing that kind of a transaction.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning, folks. Maybe just Tom, you made some good comments earlier in the presentation on the portfolio implementation in custom beta on the equity side and the covered call writing outflows. Maybe you could just give a little perspective on your outlook for flows within the portfolio and Parametric portfolio implementation products and the sales environment moving into 2019 and whether you see any competition that is emerging that might mute that or do you view this as continuing to be an exceptional growth at that growth category in the industry?
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: Yes. So the -- so within the portfolio implementation segment that we report, that’s all Parametric business. A smaller part of that is what they call centralized portfolio management, lower fee, relatively modest flow expectations in that business. But the bigger opportunity there's, the bigger business, the higher fee business and the bigger opportunity is what they refer to as custom core. So this is customized index-based strategies offered in a variety of markets, but U.S retail into the high net worth, multi-family office market and also offered in institutional versions of that strategy. This is a big business for Parametric and one where we’ve very measure, we know market leadership today. There have been announcements of players that are either bringing out new products into this business or increasing their offerings there, that doesn’t surprise us. We think this is today something on the order of maybe let's say $100 billion to $200 billion in assets across the industry, hard to say exactly what that is. But when we look at the opportunity versus multiple trillions of dollars in indexing, just reflected in index mutual funds and index ETFs, we see significant opportunity for custom indexing to grow relative to what we call bulk indexing. Custom indexing has clear tax advantages, in that if you own the same portfolio of stocks in an individual separate account, you can do tax loss harvesting and recognize the value of losses currently, which you cannot do in a fund structure. Also in a fund structure, typically you cannot fund positions in kind, therefore the deferring recognition of gains on initiating a position. Also in a separate account format, you’ve the ability to customize holdings to fit the clients' responsible investing criteria or to account for oversight positions the investor might have in other parts of his or her portfolio. These are things you can't do in a bulk index fund or index ETF. We are quite convinced that custom indexing is positioned to grow and to grow rapidly. And we are quite determined that as that happens, that we will maintain our leadership position in that market. We think increased competition is inevitable, but we also think extensive growth of that market is also inevitable and we’re happy to welcome competitors, because in part, they are going to help make the case that this is a better way to invest in indexed strategies than what many investors are doing today, which to our thinking, if you are investing significant amounts of taxable money in an index-based strategy, with very limited exceptions, you are going to be better off being in a custom index type strategy just -- such as Parametric offers. So we think there is lots of growth opportunity and while we expect more competition, we see lots of room for Parametric to grow in that market even with more competition.
Brian Bedell: This is a pretty durable positive net flowing segment of your business even with that and obviously if we do get into tougher market environment in '19, you have a lot of confidence in this still being a positive net flow contributor.
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: Certainly based on everything we can say.
Brian Bedell: Yes, okay. And then just follow-up on expenses. Thanks for your comments, Laurie on that. Just two of the buckets, the fund related expenses and the other categories those are obviously elevated this quarter. So the comments -- at least on that, but as we think about our run rate going forward in fiscal '19, do we expect to revert back on that? And then, I guess, just from an operating margin perspective for fiscal '19, if we have say a flat market environment and you continue doing what you are doing on the organic growth side, is that a good recipe for significant positive operating leverage.
Laurie G. Hylton: Well, just addressing the first question related to fund expenses, I would think that I would not anticipate that our fund expenses in the first quarter are going to go down for all the reasons we highlighted on the call as well as in our text. There are couple of products that have been performing well, where we do have sub-advisory expenses and we’ve also got some funds subsidies associated with those. I don't anticipate given the growth in those franchises that we are going to see a decrease there. So I would not anticipate seeing that go down. In terms of our other expense categories, there are a few significant drivers both for the quarter and for the fiscal year that I would highlight. Facilities, I think we talked a little bit about some increased depreciation expense we took earlier in the year, but looking forward, Parametric is in the process of moving their corporate offices and we will have some incremental headwinds there in terms of our rent expense and other facilities expenses associated with that move. And I would think if you are thinking about your sort of the first quarter of fiscal '19, I would think a mid single-digit expense increase there would be appropriate something in the neighborhood of 5%. In terms of technology, as we’ve noted, we’ve been making some significant investments in terms of our trading platforms and also making investments in Calvert's research platform. I would anticipate, we will continue to make investments in 2019 and also in that sort of investment technology category you got market data that is just going up as a function of doing business in this industry. So I would also anticipate in those areas you are going to see some probably mid single-digit percentage increases just given the level of investment. Maybe just as we think about trying to prognosticate what margins might look like in the first quarter and I’m not going to give a percentage, but if you think about our overall cost structure, about 45% of our costs are variable and about 55% are fixed. The fixed we kind of covered as we talked about the expenses related to facilities into software and market data etcetera, but in terms of our overall comp structure within that, 40% of our comp is variable, around 60% is fixed. And if you look at what we did in fiscal '18, our revenue was up 11%, our operating income was up 15%, our variable compensation was only up 8%. So we are very, very mindful of the rates at which we pay out on our variable compensation and manage that carefully. In terms of the fixed portion of our comp structure, which is again about 60%, you are largely looking at headcount driven expense and our ending headcount was up 8%. Our average is about 7% for the year. Our fixed compensation was up about 9%. Again, we are very, very careful, we are mindful of that headcount adds because we recognize that adding to our fixed cost base that we are not necessarily going to be able to pull levers on immediately in the event of a downturn. So, I think that going into the first quarter, if you kind of keep those metrics in mind, I think the one thing you’ve to also keep in mind is we’ve got seasonal pressures every year in compensation, we highlighted a couple of them in my comments. I would anticipate that sort of the benefit in payroll tax clock reset a headwind that we're going to be facing is roughly in the neighborhood of about $3.5 million to $4 million. We see that every first quarter. We are also going to have the impact of base increases and you will probably have some increase in stock compensation associated not only with retirements in our fourth fiscal quarter, which generally will recognize in terms of the accelerated stock-based compensation expense in the first, but also just increased new grants, the impact of those grants on stock-based compensation in the first quarter. So, some seasonal headwinds that you will see going into the new fiscal year, but we are very, very mindful of how our cost structure works. Very mindful of the triggers that we can pull as we are trying to control the margin. And as we noted on the call, we are just going to be very, very mindful of how we think about expenditures going into fiscal '19 recognizing that we are coming out of a pretty volatile market environment.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference call back over to our presenters.
Eric Senay: Do we have any other questions left in the queue. I think we’ve time for maybe one more.
Operator: We’ve a question from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Bill Katz: Okay. Good afternoon. Thanks so much for squeezing me in. I really appreciate it. So just maybe a two-part question. Tom, you mentioned that doubling your AUM for sort of marginal growth or earnings power is probably not likely. So you step back and think about your franchise. You think about the five initiatives you laid out. Where, if any, do you see some product gaps or geographic opportunity maybe to potentially expand the platform?
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: Yes, we’ve a pretty big geographic gaps in almost everything we do. We’ve good coverage of the U.S and limited coverage outside the United States. So we are still about 95% of our assets and revenues are sourced from the U.S. So finding the right partner and finding the right opportunity to grow outside the United States is certainly something that we'd consider, in terms of acquisition activity. Having said that, I feel like a bit of a broken record, we’ve been thinking that way for a long time, but haven't found a suitable partner and frankly don’t know that there's a suitable partner that could -- would make sense for us to jumpstart our business growth outside the United States. We have been growing organically outside the United States, we’ve expanded our office in Tokyo. We added a new facility earlier this year in Frankfurt, we are opening an office in Dublin. So we are growing incrementally, but still would love to find an opportunity to jumpstart that international acquisition -- international expansion through an acquisition, but haven't been able to find it yet. In terms of product areas, I think we’ve pretty good coverage across the landscape of most equities that we -- equity categories, public equities that we carry about fixed income, floating rate income, multi asset strategies. We’ve looked a bit at private assets, maybe there are places either in real estate, private real estate or private debt that might make sense as a complement to our public market securities businesses. So those are things that are possibly of interest and we kick the tires on a few things there, but haven't bitten on anything as yet, but we were interested. We look at lots of different things on the acquisition front. But today have yet to bite on anything.
Bill Katz: Okay. And just one last one. Thanks for that answer. Just as I think about your distribution margin and maybe we are not capturing all these ins and outs between what’s going through the management fee line versus what goes through the distribution expense line. How do you sort of see that ratio evolving over the next several years given your focus of where you are growing other products or by distribution segment?
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: So just to clarify, what do you mean by distribution margin, Bill?
Bill Katz: Well, just if I look at the [indiscernible] revenues less the expenses and think about that ratio, again I apologize if some of that might be embedded in the manufacturing fee space on private mix or even geographic contribution, but it just looked to me like the distribution expenses relative to the revenues were disproportionate over the last couple of quarters, I’m trying to see if there's more of a trend that [indiscernible].
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: Yes, so you are looking at distribution relative to revenues, relative to distribution expenses, is that right? Do you want to try and answer that?
Laurie G. Hylton: I think the only thing I would say is obviously there's significant pass-throughs in terms of distribution, service fee income and distribution expense and one other component that's in the distribution expense obviously is other marketing expenses associated with for example, our marketing support payments to our third-party intermediaries, which is never an expense line item that’s going down, given that it's largely driven by asset growth. So we haven't noticed anything structurally in terms of a significant change there. So I’m not sure what is driving your question, but hopefully recognizing that there are other distribution line items including promotion and marketing that are going into the distribution expense line item that might actually be factoring into what you're seeing.
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: I think, we may have lost the line. Okay. Very good. Well, operator I think this concludes our call for today.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: Thank you.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-08-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Eric Senay - Director of IR Thomas E. Faust Jr. - Chairman, CEO and President Laurie G. Hylton - VP and CFO
Analysts: Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Ken Worthington - JPMorgan Chase Michael Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dan Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Ari Ghosh - Credit Suisse William R. Katz - CitiGroup Investment Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Stephanie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Eaton Vance Webcast Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to avoid any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Eric Senay, you may begin your conference.
Eric Senay: Thank you very much. Good morning and welcome to our Fiscal 2018 Third Quarter Earnings Call and Webcast. With me this morning are Tom Faust, Chairman and CEO of Eaton Vance, and Laurie Hylton, our CFO. In today's call, we will first comment on the quarter and then take your questions. The full earnings release and charts we will refer to during the call are available on our Web-site, eatonvance.com, under the heading, Press Releases. Just a reminder, that today's presentation contains forward-looking statements about our business and financial results. The actual results may differ materially from those projected due to risks and uncertainty in our business, including, but not limited to, those discussed in our SEC filings. These filings, including our 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K, are available on our Web-site or upon request at no charge. I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Eric. Earlier today Eaton Vance reported adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.82 for the third quarter of fiscal 2018. That's up 32% from $0.62 of adjusted earnings per diluted share in the third quarter of last year and up 6% from $0.77 per diluted share in the second quarter of fiscal 2018. The 32% year-over-year increase in fiscal third quarter adjusted earnings per diluted share reflects 9% higher revenue and an increase in adjusted operating margins from 31.6% to 33.0% and a decline in our adjusted effective income tax rate from 36.9% to 27.1%. We ended the fiscal third quarter with $453.2 billion of consolidated assets under management. That's an increase of 12% from a year earlier. The year-over-year increase reflects net inflows of $23.2 billion and market price appreciation of $24.4 billion. In the third quarter, the Company set new highs in terms of quarterly revenue and earnings and ending consolidated assets under management. During the third quarter, Eaton Vance had consolidated net inflows of $3.7 billion, which equates to annualized internal growth in managed assets of 3%. Excluding exposure management, which has lower fees and more volatile flows than the rest of our business, we saw net inflows of $7.4 billion and 4% annualized internal growth in managed assets in the third quarter. Looking at our organic growth from a revenue perspective, in the third quarter we generated annualized internal growth in consolidated management fee revenue of 5%. Our calculation of organic revenue growth measures the change in consolidated management fee revenue resulting from net inflows and outflows, taking into account the fee rate applicable to each dollar in and out and excluding the impact of market action, adjustments in the fee rates of continuing managed assets, and any acquisitions of managed assets. By this measure, we believe Eaton Vance continues to rank among the fastest growers in the asset management industry. The key contributor to our continuing strong internal growth is favorable investment performance. As shown on Slide 14 of the Webcast slides, of our mutual fund assets at the end of July, 47% were in funds ranking in the top quartile of their Morningstar category on a three-year basis, 59% in the top quartile on a five-year basis, and 44% top quartile over 10 years. We ended the third quarter with 24 U.S. mutual funds rated five stars by Morningstar for at least one class of shares. During a period in which net demand for active strategies has narrowed, we are fortunate to have high performing funds across a broad range of asset classes. As we highlighted last quarter, a second key contributor to our strong quarter results is the range of top-performing strategies we offer in investment areas having particular appeal during periods of rising interest rates, such as we are now experiencing. Consistent with the prior quarter, in the third quarter we had positive net flows across all our investment mandate categories except exposure management. Leading the way was portfolio implementation with net inflows of $3.1 billion. Growth in this category continues to be driven by Parametric Custom Core equity separate accounts which compete against index funds and ETFs on the basis of enhanced tax efficiency and the ability to customize account holdings to reflect client-determined responsible investment criteria and other specified portfolio tilts and exclusions. Parametric continues to be the market leader in what is commonly referred to as custom indexing. Within Custom Core, in the third quarter Parametric grew in both tax-managed and non-tax-managed applications and across retail, high-net-worth, and institutional markets. In fixed income, we had $2.7 billion of net inflows in the third quarter. Within this category, the largest contributor was laddered bond separate accounts with $1.7 billion of net inflows. Other leading contributors included high-yield bonds with net inflows of $360 million and mortgage-backed securities with net inflows of $340 million. Among our line-up of fixed income mutual funds, those positioned to short-duration, short-term, ultra-short, or floating-rate municipal, contributed nearly $550 million of net inflows, led by the five-star rated Eaton Vance Short Duration Government Income Fund. Launched in 2002, Short Duration Government Income recently surpassed $1 billion in net assets and now ranks as one of our top-selling funds. In the third quarter, net inflows in the Eaton Vance floating-rate bank loan mandates totaled $950 million. Continuing strong net inflows into our industry-leading line-up of floating-rate U.S. mutual funds were partially offset by net withdrawals by institutional investors, primarily from clients located outside the U.S. While some commentators have recently expressed concerns about a potential decline in bank loan market credit conditions, our team remains sanguine believing that there are attractive return prospects available in loans today. Within equities, third quarter net inflows of just under $500 million were led by EVM growth, Parametric defensive equity and Calvert emerging markets mandates, with Parametric Emerging Markets Strategies accounting for the bulk of net outflows. With our top-performing Eaton Vance Atlanta Capital SMID-Cap Fund now closed to new investors and net demand across most active equity categories remaining quite muted, we are finding that our best opportunities to grow in equities are in specialty products. In the alternative asset category, third quarter net inflows of approximately $250 million were driven by EVM's global macro absolute return mandates, which dominate this category's managed assets and flows. Our global macro absolute return strategies hold long and short positions in currencies, short-duration sovereign debt, and related instruments of emerging and frontier market countries. Because they invest in both long and short and have limited duration, these strategies have been less exposed to recent declines in emerging and frontier debt markets than the local EM debt indexes. For the year-to-date, the I-share classes of our two U.S. mutual funds following global macro absolute return strategies are down in the range of 1.9% to 4.6% based on total return. With the recent selloff in EM debt markets, these funds have recently moved into modest net outflows. Our exposure management business had third quarter net outflows of $3.7 billion, in line with the $3.6 billion of net outflows in the prior quarter. As a reminder, this Parametric offering uses financial futures and other derivative instruments to help large institutional investors efficiently manage their equity duration, currency, and other market exposures within their portfolios, with Parametric serving on either a discretionary or non-discretionary basis. The exposure management outflows we experienced in the third quarter reflect net reductions in active exposures held by continuing clients rather than the loss of clients. Indeed, the number of active exposure management clients we have increased in the third quarter. As we have discussed in prior quarters, fluctuations in exposure management positions held by continuing EM clients are driven by these institutional investors' shifts in investment policy or market outlook, changes in underlying securities holdings, and other portfolio consideration. While lower-fee and more volatile than our other asset management businesses, we value our exposure management franchise for the close client relationships it affords with many of the foremost institutional investors and the potential for business growth that arises from both new client acquisition and expanded offerings to existing clients. On an overall basis, we view our broad line-up of high-performing funds and accounts and our leadership in investment strategies that are well-positioned for an environment of rising interest rates as presenting significant opportunities for Eaton Vance to grow in active management, even as the overall market for active management continues to decline. In the third quarter, net inflows into our actively managed funds and accounts totaled $2.7 billion, with positive contributions across equity, fixed and floating-rate income, and alternative categories. This equates to 5% annualized internal growth in active-strategy-managed assets for the quarter. Our position in responsible investing continues to expand under the Calvert brand and across our affiliates. Since Calvert became a part of Eaton Vance at the end of December 2016, we have made significant progress growing managed assets in Calvert-branded investment strategies and positioning Calvert as the center for excellence in environmental, social and governance research and engagement activities. Including the Atlanta Capital sub-advised Calvert Equity Fund, assets under management in Calvert strategies have grown from $11.9 billion at the time of the transaction to $14.7 billion at the end of the third quarter of fiscal 2018. The 24% growth in Calvert's managed assets over the 19 months of Eaton Vance's ownership reflects net inflows of $800 million and market appreciation of $2 billion. In the third quarter, Calvert-branded strategies had net inflows of $350 million. This equates to 10% annualized internal growth in managed assets. Separate from Calvert, Parametric manages over $21 billion of AUM based on client-directed responsible investment criteria, with these assets held in more than 2,000 Custom Core and other Parametric-managed separate accounts. Combined, we believe Eaton Vance is today one of the largest players in responsible investing, a position we are committed to growing in conjunction with the surging demand for investment strategies that incorporate ESG-integrated investment resorts and/or that are managed with the dual objective to achieve favorable investment returns and positive societal impact. Turning to our NextShares initiative, the number of NextShares funds in the market expanded to 18 during the third quarter, with offerings from Eaton Vance, Calvert, and six other fund families now available. Expected benefits to fund performance from use of the NextShares structure are being demonstrated and NextShares' novel NAV-based trading mechanism continues to function smoothly. Commercially, our progress growing NextShares' assets under management continues to be slow, with sale success still hampered by very limited distribution access. Despite UBS' commitment to supporting NextShares at our initial launch in last November, sales of NextShares through UBS financial advisors have to date been quite modest. Our biggest challenge is that NextShares are available for purchase at UBS only through brokerage accounts and through their Strategic Advisor non-discretionary advisory platform. Without access to UBS' substantially larger and more broadly appealing discretionary advisory program, known as the Portfolio Management Program or PMP, it has been difficult for us to gain the necessary attention of UBS financial advisors to achieve meaningful sales. Given the slow progress at UBS, over recent weeks we have redoubled efforts to pursue other paths to commercialization. Where this leads is hard to say. We are open to a variety of arrangements but we'll be guided by our obligation to act in the best interest of Eaton Vance shareholders. In closing, I want to congratulate my 1,700 colleagues on the strong business, financial, and investment results achieved in the third quarter, and express my optimism for the Company's continuing success. The momentum our business continues to enjoy reflects the range of high-performing investment strategies we offer that are well-positioned for the current market environment, the broad and growing appeal of specialty strategies and solutions we provide, and the strong distribution and client service delivered by our sales and marketing teams. Longer-term, I remain confident that Eaton Vance has the people, culture, resources, and capital structure to support continuing success as the asset management industry evolves. That concludes my prepared remarks and I'll now turn the call over to Laurie.
Laurie G. Hylton: Thank you, Tom, and good morning. As Tom mentioned, we reported adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.82 for the third quarter of fiscal 2018, an increase of 32% from $0.62 of adjusted earnings per diluted share in the third quarter of fiscal 2017 and an increase of 6% from $0.77 of adjusted earnings per diluted share reported in the second quarter of fiscal 2018. As you can see in Attachment 2 to our press release, GAAP earnings exceeded adjusted earnings by $0.01 per diluted share in the third quarter of fiscal 2018 to reflect the reversal of $1.3 million of net excess tax benefits recognized from the exercise of employee stock options and vesting of restricted stock awards during the period. In the third quarter of fiscal 2017, adjusted earnings exceeded GAAP earnings by $0.04 per diluted share, reflecting $5.4 million of costs associated with retiring the remaining $250 million aggregate principal amount of our 6.5% senior notes that were due in October 2017 and $3.5 million of closed-end fund structuring fees paid during the quarter. In the second quarter of fiscal 2018, GAAP earnings exceeded adjusted earnings by $0.01 per diluted share to reflect the reversal of $1.9 million of net excess tax benefits recognized from the exercise of employee stock options and vesting of restricted stock awards during the period. Adjusted operating income, which excludes the closed-end fund structuring fees paid in the third quarter of fiscal 2017, increased by 14% year-over-year and 7% sequentially. Our adjusted operating margin was 33% in the third quarter of fiscal 2018 versus 31.6% in the third quarter of fiscal 2017 and 32% in the second quarter of fiscal 2018. Our adjusted operating margin for the first nine months of the fiscal year improved from 31% in 2017 to 32.4% in 2018. Tom noted, this was a record quarter for Eaton Vance in terms of managed assets, revenue, and net income, both on a U.S. GAAP and adjusted basis. Ending consolidated managed assets of $453.2 billion at July 31, 2018 were up 12% year-over-year and 3% sequentially, driven by strong net flows and positive market returns. Average managed assets in the third quarter of fiscal 2018 increased 13% from the third quarter of fiscal 2017, driving a 10% increase in management fee revenue. Growth in management fee revenue trailed growth in average managed assets year-over-year due to a 2% decline in our average management fee rate from 34.2 basis points annually in the third quarter of fiscal 2017 to an annual rate of 33.5 basis points in the third quarter of fiscal 2018. This decline in our average management fee rate is primarily attributable to the shift in our business mix over that period as lower fee portfolio implementation and bond ladder businesses grew as a percentage of our assets under management. Average managed assets in the third quarter of fiscal 2018 increased 1% versus the second quarter of fiscal 2018. When combined with the 1% increase in our average annualized management fee rate and the impact of three more fee days in the third quarter, this drove a 4% increase in revenue. Sequentially, our average annualized management fee rate increased to 33.5 basis points in the third quarter of fiscal 2018 from 33.3 basis points in the second quarter of fiscal 2018. Performance fees, which are excluded from the calculation of our average management fee rate, reduced income by $0.4 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2018, contributed $0.5 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2017, and were a negative $0.5 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2018. As Tom noted, in the third quarter of fiscal 2018, our annualized internal growth and management fee revenue of 5% outpaced our annualized internal growth and managed assets of 3%, primarily reflecting the impact of net inflows into higher fee strategies during the quarter. This compares to 6% annualized internal growth in management fee revenue on 9% annualized internal growth in managed assets in the third quarter of fiscal 2017 and 7% annualized internal growth in management fee revenue on 4% annualized growth in managed assets in the second quarter of fiscal 2018. Turning to expenses, compensation increased by 7% from the third quarter of fiscal 2017, primarily driven by hiring, a modest increase in benefit cost, and an increase in operating income and performance based bonus accruals and stock-based compensation, partially offset by a decrease in sales-based incentive compensation. Sequentially, compensation expense increased by 3% from the second quarter of fiscal 2018, primarily reflecting higher salaries associated with increases in headcount and the impact of three more payroll days in the third quarter, higher stock-based compensation associated with employee retirements and other terminations, and an increase in operating income based bonus accruals, partially offset by lower sales-based incentive compensation and a seasonal decrease in payroll taxes and benefits. Non-compensation distribution related costs, including distribution and service fee expenses and the amortization of deferred sales commission, decreased 2% from the same quarter a year ago and increased 3% sequentially. The year-over-year decrease primarily reflects lower marketing and promotion cost and $3.5 million of closed-end fund structuring fees paid in the third quarter of fiscal 2017, partially offset by higher commission amortization for private funds and an increase in intermediary marketing support payment, mainly driven by higher average managed assets. The sequential quarterly increase primarily reflects higher distribution and service fees, driven primarily by an increase in average managed assets in share classes that are subject to these fees and the impact of three more days in the quarter. Fund related expenses increased 13% from the third quarter of fiscal 2017 and were up 3% over the second quarter of fiscal 2018. The year-over-year increase primarily reflects higher fund subsidy accruals and sub-advisory fees, driven by asset growth in affected strategies and an increase in fund expenses borne by the Company on funds for which we earn an all-in fee, partially offset by the $1.9 million in fund reimbursements made in the third quarter of fiscal 2017 that were one-time in nature. The sequential quarterly increase primarily reflects an increase in fund subsidy accruals. Other operating expenses increased 10% versus the third quarter of fiscal 2017 and decreased 2% from the second quarter of fiscal 2018. The year-over-year increase primarily reflects higher information technology spending and facilities expense, partially offset by lower travel and other corporate expenses. The sequential quarterly decrease primarily reflects lower facilities, professional services and travel expenses, partially offset by an increase in information technology spending. We continue to focus on overall expense management and identifying ways to gain operational leverage. Net gains and other investment income on seed capital investments contributed $0.01 to earnings per diluted share in each of the comparative quarterly periods presented. When quantifying the impact of our seed capital investments on earnings each quarter, we take into consideration our pro rata shares of gains, losses and other investment income earned on investments in sponsored strategies, whether accounted for as consolidated funds, separate accounts, or equity method investments, as well as the gains and losses recognized on derivatives used to hedge these investments. We then report the per share impact net of income taxes and net income attributable to non-controlling interests. We continue to hedge the market exposures of our seed capital portfolio to the extent practicable to minimize the associated earnings volatility. Net gains and other investment income in the third quarter of fiscal 2017 included a $5.4 million loss on extinguishment of debt incurred in connection with retirement of $250 million in aggregate principal amount of the Company's 6.5% senior notes which were due in October 2017. We excluded this one-time charge from our calculation of adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per diluted share for the third quarter of fiscal 2017. Non-operating income/expense in the third quarter of fiscal 2018 included $1.2 million of net expense allocation from consolidated CLO entities versus $0.8 million of net income contribution from consolidated CLO entities in the second quarter of fiscal 2018. The Company did not consolidate any CLO entities in the third quarter of fiscal 2017. Our effective tax rate for the third quarter of fiscal 2018 was 26.2% versus 36.9% in the third quarter of fiscal 2017 and 26.7% in the second quarter of fiscal 2018. The Company's effective tax rate for the third and second quarters of fiscal 2018 reflect net excess tax benefits of $1.3 million and $1.9 million respectively related to the exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock awards during those periods. New accounting guidance adopted in the first quarter requires these net excess tax benefits to be recognized in earnings. Shown on Attachment 2 to our press release, our calculations of adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per diluted share remove the effect of the net excess tax benefits recognized in the third and second quarters of fiscal 2018 in connection with the new accounting guidance. On this basis, our adjusted effective tax rate was 27.1% and 28.2% in the third and second quarters of fiscal 2018 respectively. On the same adjusted basis, we estimate that our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 and for the full fiscal year as a whole will range between 27.25% and 27.75%, and our fiscal 2019 effective tax rate will range between 25.3% and 25.8%. During the third quarter of fiscal 2018, we used $35.3 million of corporate cash to pay quarterly dividends of $0.31 per share and repurchased 1.4 million shares of non-voting common stock for approximately $76.6 million. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding were $122.7 million, up 5% year-over-year and down 1% sequentially. We finished our third fiscal quarter holding $820.7 million of cash, cash equivalents and short term debt securities and approximately $390.8 million in seed capital investments. This compares to outstanding debt obligations of $625 million. We continue to place high priority on using the Company's cash flow to benefit shareholders. Even as we support strong business growth, we've maintained significant financial flexibility. This concludes our prepared comments, and at this point we'd like to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: Last quarter you gave us some helpful kind of specific guidance on how the flow outlook was for the current quarter, how pipelines were looking. Any chance you could update that same disclosure and kind of talk about the trend through the quarter?
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: So, just a little bit we can say about flow outlook and in significant parts of our business we don't have a lot of visibility. Most of the retail business, you don't have a real good lens. We know current trends. In places where we do have visibility, it's primarily on the institutional side. I guess one thing I would highlight is we have a one not-funded pending high-yield mandate which we expect to fund in the high hundreds of millions of dollar range that's pending. That's probably the most significant thing I would point to in terms of significant inflows other than the Parametric Custom Core and exposure management business where we have quite a strong backlog for new business that's coming in, again in a similar magnitude. Laurie, anything you want to add on that?
Laurie G. Hylton: No, I think those would be the most significant inflows that we have identified in the pipeline.
Patrick Davitt: Great, thanks. And then to that last point, any update on the non-U.S. opportunity for both exposure management and portfolio implementation? I think few quarters ago you had mentioned your first non-U.S. mandate in one of those, so I was just hoping for an update there.
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: Yes, that was probably an exposure management. I would say it's been relatively slow. We continue to grow in both. Those are both Parametric businesses. The biggest market for them in exposure management and portfolio implementation is in Australia where we have what we call Centralized Portfolio Management offering there. Business there is stable. It's an elephant-hunting business. Not a lot of visibility to new business growth but also a steady stream of ongoing business there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: I apologize if I missed this. Exposure management had outflows for the second quarter in a row. Just maybe what's happening here both on the sales side and the redemption side?
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: I had a couple of comments about that, but I'll just review those. So we had a net gain in client. I think we were net up two clients I think or up a net four clients on a base of something like 200 I think. So, the business is growing modestly from the perspective of the number of clients with whom we have relationships. So, essentially all of the decline in assets in this quarter were due to reductions in outstanding balances with existing clients. And that can be driven by several things. So, remember what this is. This is an overlay service where if a client wants say 63% equity exposure and their underlying managers have 61% equity exposure, they can add 2% synthetically through Parametric using derivatives. Most commonly, exposure arrangement is used to equitize cash positions but it can also be used on a transition basis to add or subtract exposure to different parts of the market. Increasingly we're finding that as investors are moving to immunize their fixed income portfolios, there is an increasing role for exposure management in managing the duration of their portfolios to match their liabilities. Overall we think this continues to be a growth business for us. There is a fair bit of volatility. We've had two straight quarters now of negative $3.6 billion and negative $3.7 billion of outflows. Our history over time has been balances with existing clients over time grow but that's with fits and starts and we've certainly seen that over the last couple of quarters. So, nothing fundamental that we can really point to and say the business has changed or there's any reason to think that the negative trends in terms of flows over the last couple of quarters is going to continue. In fact, I believe for the quarter to date we're in the positive territory. So we're hopeful this will return to being a growth business in the sense of flows. We know it's a growth business in terms of the number of clients we're serving.
Ken Worthington: On ETMFs, you had been talking about the potential for the UBS relationship for a number of quarters. Is what you kind of mentioned on the call, the more limited access to the financial advisors, like why is that a surprise, has something maybe changed more recently in this relationship or was it always designed to have sort of that limited access to the UBS advisor?
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: So just a little bit of review, so we in I think July of 2016 we announced an agreement to gain distribution access at UBS. In November of 2017, we launched our first product at UBS, first NextShares products at UBS, and have been slowly rolling things out ever since. There is a process that UBS has imposed where every fund had to go through internal due diligence. I think essentially that process is mostly done for – it is done for all the Eaton Vance products, and I think for the non-Eaton Vance products it's mostly done. There is a requirement also that each financial advisor to sell NextShares had to take an exam or a quiz. I think it's about a half-hour test you have to take to do that, to ensure that they have working knowledge of the product structure. So, we've had some progress there. It's been frustrating that we haven't had more advisors doing this, but in the absence of distribution access through the right platforms, it hasn't been particularly compelling for advisors to sign up for this exam and to take the exam. But the biggest issue, the one that I highlighted in my prepared remarks, is that today we're only approved in brokerage and we're only improved in Strategic Advisor, and Strategic Advisor is a discretionary advisor program, meaning that – sorry, non-discretionary program, which means that when a financial advisor wants to make a trade or make some change in the portfolio on behalf of the client, the advisor needs to go to the client and get consent to make that trade, so there's not a discretion to the financial advisor, and it's called Strategic Advisor at UBS. The larger program at UBS, called PMP, is their discretionary advisory program where financial advisor has full discretion to buy or sell within the limits of the account guidelines on behalf of the client without having to get the consent to every trade. Relatively recently we have learned that there are rules there in the program that UBS has imposed that will make it more difficult for us to gain access there. In particular, there's a requirement that no more than X percent, don't know what that number is exactly, but there is some percentage threshold that they are not willing to own of any fund, NextShares or otherwise, in that program. So it makes it very hard for us to use PMP as a way to jumpstart this business, which about two years ago we would have hoped that this program would have been available to us, but it turns out that for reasons largely relating to internal legal regulatory judgments that they have said that for NextShares, for any ETF, or any mutual fund, that they can't own more than a certain percent of a fund. And so that wasn't designed to address NextShares but it had the effect, because we don't have broad distribution elsewhere, of limiting our ability to grow in NextShares at PMP, and PMP will largely drive the success of NextShares in total of UBS. So, it was not good to learn of this policy change at UBS over the last really couple of months we've been hearing this.
Ken Worthington: Got it, okay. I think I understand better. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Carrier with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Michael Carrier: Maybe one just on operating leverage and the margins, so given that you guys have been able to put up the positive flows, the organic revenue growth has also been favorable and you've got the markets as a tailwind, and I know you guys have been making ongoing investments, but when you look at maybe the year-over-year like operating leverage that we've been seeing in that 140 basis point range, when we think about going forward, is there anything that we should be thinking about that should either limit that or accelerate that as we look over the next call it 12 to 18 months?
Laurie G. Hylton: I wouldn't think so at this point. I don't think that there's anything that's going to push that around a lot. I think, to your point, net flows are wonderful. They are a high-quality problem. They do put pressure on margin because there are immediate point-of-sale costs associated with it. To the extent that we continue to see strong inflows and have to pay for that, it will put pressure, but the rest of fundamentals of the business really have not changed. And I think as we file our Q and you are able to see a lot of the detail on the expenses, you're going to see that the relationships have been hanging together and there really haven't been any significant changes.
Michael Carrier: Okay, got it. And then Tom, maybe just one, this is kind of bigger picture, but just when I think about like the growth avenues going forward, you guys have made some investments for international distribution and that would be like a longer-term kind of avenue of growth, obviously NextShares is one of those, but it sounds like depending on how this UBS relationship pans out and then if you can have other wins, you guys will make a decision on different paths to go on. But I just wanted to try to get – because if I look at the net flows that you are putting up, relative to the industry you are already doing well, but when I think about maybe other kind of like avenues that you guys have been making investments, where can some of the future growth come from that maybe we're not already expecting?
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: I think there are a number of future growth paths. I mean I'll tart with bank loans which has been a big source of growth for us in the last couple of years. In the U.S. mutual fund market, we are I believe the largest, if not one of the two or three largest, I think we're number one in terms of total assets in mutual fund bank loan funds. I think this is a business that can continue to grow for us for quite some time. We're in an environment where short-term rates are moving up. We're in an environment where credit conditions continue to be pretty benign. We've been blessed with very strong performance across our bank loan products. I think we have two five-star rated funds. So we're I believe the market leader, if not a market leader, in the U.S. retail space, and I think the positive flow dynamic that we've seen there will continue. Other things I would point to in terms of growth avenues for us are really the whole Parametric business, starting with Custom Core, their tax-managed separate account index-based strategy business. We're at a revenue level of I think it's about $140 million or so for that business. I think there's, if we can do this the right way, I think there's a chance for that to become a business that's multiple the current size. The value add versus pure passive index funds and index ETFs is quite clear in terms of tax, the benefits in terms of customization, to provide better alignment with personal values or to better fit with other investments that a person has, and to be able to deliver that at a price point that's quite competitive versus index type offerings. I think there is tremendous upside potential for that business. I think more broadly across the Parametric platform of implementation and exposure management businesses, we see lots of room for growth across that franchise using their ability to efficiently implement portfolios of all kinds of different flavors, index-based, non-index-based, single index, multiple index, tax-managed, non, responsibly invested, otherwise, we see lots of opportunities for growth. The third thing I would mention is just the general area of responsible investing, both in the customized separate account world as done by Parametric and through Calvert. This is an industry where there's huge demand and no obvious market leader and we think we can be that or we can become that with a range of offerings, led by our Calvert brand but also including customized strategies offered through Parametric. I think this can be a much bigger part of the asset management business and I think Eaton Vance is in a position potentially to lead that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dan Fannon: Tom, you had mentioned in your prepared remarks that within equities the best opportunity you see for growth is in specialty products, and that's not surprising given some of the industry trends. I guess as we think about your current mix and what that would mean just in terms of profitability or fee rate as we think about going forward with Calvert and Parametric and some of the various kind of products that would fit that category, how should we think about the trend in fee rate as a result of that?
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: I don't think there should be a big change in the fee rate. Some of the specialty products that we have in mind are relatively high-fee, some of the products are relatively low-fee. One of the drivers of that business has been the Parametric defensive equity strategy, which is a derivative-based strategy, which is relatively low-fee. I think it's in average in the 30 range, 35 range. As that grows, maybe that pulls down fee rates a bit. We also offer some specialty tax-managed equity strategies that tend to be at higher than average fee rate. So I think the blend of the two is probably positive. We do have I should say add in the realm of equities, we have a good relative performance here across our line-up of equity strategies; growth, value, core. Across asset classes, generally we're ahead of benchmark, generally we're ahead of peer group. We have a team of global equity analysts and portfolio managers based primarily in London that joined Eaton Vance just about three years ago and they have some strategies there that are hitting their three-year performance mark, particularly on the small-cap side, small-cap global and small-cap international. We're hopeful or optimistic that over the next 6 to 12 months we can see significant flows there for strategies that are at the higher end of our average fee rate for equities.
Dan Fannon: Got it. And then I guess, Laurie, as a follow-up on just expenses and kind of outlook for margin, I guess anything in the quarter one-time that we should be thinking about that what have you just kind of normalizing for next quarter and going forward that you would highlight? And then given the beta that we've seen thus far just to start kind of your last fiscal quarter, anything that would kind of derail kind of continued margin expansion?
Laurie G. Hylton: No, this was an incredibly clean quarter from an expense perspective. So, I wouldn't identify anything as a one-time item that would be worthy of note. I don't think that there is any impediment to margin expansion outside of the fact that there are obviously a number of different components that are going to factor in. And as I mentioned, we're obviously experiencing significant growth in our flow story and it's a quality problem but there are costs associated with it because everything on the retail side obviously is point-of-sale, so in terms of our incentive compensation. But I don't see anything that would necessarily represent an impediment to growth over time. It's just going to be the mix of things that happen in the course of the quarter.
Dan Fannon: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ari Ghosh with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ari Ghosh: Could you remind us of the size of your international AUM, is this primarily still the fixed income business out of Germany and Asia at this point? And then perhaps related, as you think of potential M&A opportunities, is the main consideration adding product scale or is that more towards increasing your footprint in any key non-U.S. markets?
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: So, in terms of AUM in our international business is about 6% of the total. Maybe somebody here is looking to pull up the number, but…
Laurie G. Hylton: So, $25 billion roughly.
Ari Ghosh: $25 billion?
Laurie G. Hylton: Yes. That's 6%.
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: Biggest single market is Japan, representing maybe slightly less than half of that. Australia would be probably the second biggest market. We have been adding – growing distribution presence in markets outside the United States. We have about 50 people in London. Roughly half of those are on the sales and distribution side. Roughly half of those are asset management. I think you might be referring to earlier this year we did a transaction or we took on a team, I should say, based in Frankfurt that added about I think $600 million to $700 million in managed assets in fixed income. The mix of our assets outside the United States is, as your question suggests, I think is primarily on the income side. We have a well-established business in bank loans, particularly in Japan. As we think about growing further outside United States, I would say, big picture, to me it doesn't feel like the right ratio to have only about 6% of our business represented by the 95% or so of the world's population that lives outside the United States. So, probably not the right balance. We need to grow primarily I would say on the distribution side. We feel like we've made good progress in developing a range of really global investment capabilities, highlighted I would say by our global income capabilities and our range of emerging market strategies offered through Parametric and now also through Calvert. We are interested in and open to ways to jumpstart our business outside the United States, including potentially on a transaction basis. We certainly look at properties that become available outside of the United States with the goal to jumpstart that. But the main thing we're looking for more than anything else is a bigger distribution platform outside of the United States. We think we've got largely the product that we need to be successful around the world.
Ari Ghosh: Got it, very helpful. And then just back to NextShares and comments around new efforts that you are doing right now, is this in the form of new distribution platforms that you are in talks with, or is there a way you could license or sell the NextShares IP, and are there any internal targets that you have before you consider maybe like shortening the initiative or removing the earnings drag which I believe is around $8 million a year? I'm just trying to get a sense of the different options that's under consideration here.
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: So, I think our current spending in the most recent quarter was about $2 million. So, your $8 million a year estimate is accurate. We have been able to pull that down a bit. So the run rate I think is more in the range of $5 million to $6 million we'll say. But we need to figure out what we're going to do here. As you pointed out, one of the options would be to shut it down. If no one wants to buy NextShares, we don't want to spend $5 million or $8 million a year. We think we have something of value here. We've spent a lot of time and effort developing this. This remains the only approved, less than fully transparent active exchange traded product structure approved by the SEC. It's performing in the marketplace. It's trading well. We have I think six or seven different partner firms that are up with product in the market. But we haven't been able to sell anything and the reason we haven't been able to sell anything is because we don't have distribution access. If we could maybe wave a magic wand and make that problem go away, we would, but that's the world we live in. How we break through that is the challenge at hand. Is there something we can do in partnership with some other financial organization, either another asset manager or potentially a distributor that would break that logjam and distribution access, that's what we're focusing on. But at the end of the day, we're going to decide what to do based on what's best for our shareholders, and if that means continuing to invest in a significant way or it means moving down to a lower-level spending or it means declaring that this thing isn't going to work, we're going to make that determination based on ultimately what good it does for the Eaton Vance shareholder.
Ari Ghosh: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Katz with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
William R. Katz: So just coming back to the spending outlook, Laurie, as you think about the next 12 to 24 months, are there any big picture projects coming down the pike that could otherwise absorb some of the incremental margin opportunity that you highlighted?
Laurie G. Hylton: Nothing that's outside of things that we're already doing today. I think that we have referenced on previous calls that we are engaged in some larger scale technology projects. We haven't called those out separately and I wouldn't intend on doing that now, but we have been standardizing some platforms on the investment management side and I would anticipate we're going to continue to have like projects, whether it's in Boston at Eaton Vance or whether it would be in Seattle at Parametric. So I wouldn't anticipate that you're going to see a sudden spike as I think the spend has been continuous. I think that we have noted in the past, we continue to invest in the business. Not that we are immune to being mindful of margin, but we do recognize that in order to be a growth company and have a scalable platform, we have to continue to make those investments, and we don't view those as being outside the ordinary course of business. So, no, I don't say that I would call anything out specifically, but I also would not anticipate that we would see a diminishing in our spend in technology and platform scalability projects anytime soon.
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: I might add that one other area that I would say that's an area of focus that certainly involve some spending is the technology underlying Calvert and more connecting the Calvert research process to the Eaton Vance fundamental analysts is an ongoing project that we'll be spending more money on over the next year or so.
William R. Katz: Okay. And then just, Tom, for you, or maybe Laurie, you've mentioned that you're still sort of prioritizing your capital to the benefit of shareholders. Could you sort of walk through how you sort of think about that today, where the stock as trading particularly at today's reaction? Seems like you're drawn pretty close to the end of your existing buyback authorization. Maybe sort of tick off your sort of top two or three priorities as we look at over the next several quarters.
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: I will say they remain the same. There's only so much, so many different categories, the things we can do with our cash. We can pay dividends and look to expand our dividend rate, which we have evaluated annually typically in conjunction with our October meeting. So we'll be making a decision there at our next Board meeting. Share repurchases, we've been active, we have not historically been constrained by current authorizations because we've been able to get those reauthorized so that doesn't interfere. We can invest in our business through seed capital, and we have a pretty large seed capital portfolio, we don't see any particular call on that near-term. And we can do acquisitions. You may recall, at the end of 2016 we bought Calvert which was we think a very good purchase for us both financially and even more so strategically, really putting Eaton Vance in a position to emerge as the leader in responsible investing. So, we feel like over time our record of growth through acquisitions has been quite good. The Eaton Vance as it exists today would be a very different company if we had not acquired Parametric in 2003, Atlanta Capital in 2001, Calvert in 2016, and assorted other acquisitions along the way. We will probably not be the high bidder if there's an auction for property. That doesn't tend to be our style. But if we can find something that strategically makes sense, helps us meet our goals, and is attractive at a price, that can certainly be a call on corporate capital. We have a lot of liquidity on balance, we think that's a good thing, and we're certainly committed to using that to the benefit of our shareholders.
William R. Katz: Thank you for taking the questions today.
Eric Senay: We have time for one more question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually [indiscernible] for Brian Bedell. So just really going back to the flows for a second, there seems some strong flows in fixed income over the past few quarters. I was wondering if you could just give a little more detail on the drivers behind that including by product and distribution channel.
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: Sorry, it's a little hard to hear you. So, the key drivers of our growth in fixed income over recent quarters by product and distribution channel, I think you said?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes.
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: Okay. And just to be clear, are you including bank loans in that or not?
Unidentified Analyst: No, but both would be helpful.
Thomas E. Faust Jr.: Okay, all right. So, the biggest single driver of our flows into fixed income over the last several quarters have been laddered bond separate accounts, which are both municipals and corporate. In the quarter we had positive flows in high-yield, we had positive flows in mortgage-backed securities, we had the laddered business was positive. Calvert, which became part of Eaton Vance at the end of 2016, has a nice portfolio of fixed income business which is on balanced, have been growers. So, most of all of our munis outside of the ladders have been modest growers. Core fixed income outside of the short-duration strategies haven't really done a whole lot. So, I would say it's been primarily, in recent quarters it's been primarily high-yield, it's been mortgage-backed securities, and it's been ladders, the laddered bond separate accounts sold to the retail market that have been the primary drivers. And if you want to look at it by channel, I mentioned that we have a large high-yield mandate, part of which is already funded, part of which is coming in the next quarter. That was noticeable in the current quarter on the institutional side. The balance was primarily in retail strategies, either funds or separate accounts.
Eric Senay: Okay, I think that concludes our call for today. Thank you very much and we look forward to speaking with you soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-05-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Laurie Hylton - Chief Financial Officer Tom Faust - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Eric Stein - Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Geoffrey Elliott - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bill Katz - Citigroup Dan Fannon - Jefferies Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Glenn Schorr - Evercore ISI
Operator: Good morning. My name is Amy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Eaton Vance Corp. Fiscal Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Laurie Hylton, Eaton Vance's Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Laurie Hylton: Good morning. And welcome to our fiscal 2018 second quarter earnings call and webcast. With me this morning are Tom Faust, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Eaton Vance; Dan Cataldo, our Chief Administrative Officer; and Eric Stein, our new Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations. As many of you are likely aware, Eric joined the Eaton Vance last month to replace Dan as Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations following Dan's promotion to Chief Administrative Officer upon the retirement of Jeff Beale. Welcome Eric and congratulations Dan on your new responsibility. In today’s call, Tom and I will first comment on the quarter and then take your questions. The full earnings release and charts we will refer to during the call are available on our Web site, eatonvance.com, under the heading, Press Releases. Just a reminder, that today's presentation contains forward-looking statements about our business and financial results. The actual results may differ materially from those projected due to risks and uncertainties in our business, including but not limited to, those discussed in our SEC filings. These filings including our 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K are available on our Web site or upon request at no charge. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Faust: Thank you, Laurie, and good morning everyone. Earlier today, Eaton Vance reported adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.77 for the second quarter of fiscal 2018, which is up 24% from $0.62 of adjusted earnings per diluted share in the second quarter of fiscal 2017, and down 1% from $0.78 in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. For the first six months of fiscal 2018, we reported adjusted earnings per diluted share of $1.54, an increase of 34% from $1.15 in the first half of fiscal 2017. Of the $0.39 per diluted share increase in first half adjusted earnings, $0.23 was attributable to growth in operating income, $0.12 is the net effective lower income taxes and the remaining $0.04 reflects the lower interest expense and other non-operating items. We ended the fiscal second quarter with $440.1 billion of consolidated assets under management, up 14% or $53.1 billion from a year earlier. The year-over-year increase in consolidated managed assets reflects net inflows of $28.6 billion and market price appreciation in managed assets of $24.5 billion. Consolidated assets under management declined 2% from the end of the fiscal 2018 first quarter, reflecting second quarter consolidated net inflows of $4.4 billion and $13.6 billion of market driven price declines in managed assets during the quarter. The $4.4 billion of consolidated net inflows in the second quarter equates to 4% annualized internal growth in managed assets. Excluding the $3.6 billion of net outflows from exposure management mandates, which are both lower fee and more volatile than the rest of our business, we had $8 billion of consolidated net inflows in the second quarter, an increase of 7% over last year’s second quarter and up 43% from the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Reflecting strong inflows into a number of higher fee strategies, we generated annualized internal growth in consolidated management fee revenue of 7% in the second quarter, matching the first and second quarters of fiscal 2017 as the highest quarterly organic revenue growth rate we’ve posted since we began reporting this metric a couple of years ago. As we define organic revenue growth is the change in our consolidated management fee revenue, resulting from that inflows and outflows, taking into account the fee rate applicable to each dollar in and out and excluding the impact of market action and acquisitions. By this measure, we believe Eaton Vance’s among the fastest growing of U.S. listed public asset managers. A key contributor to our continuing strong internal growth is favorable investment performance. As shown on Page 14 of the call slides, at the end of April, 50% of our U.S. mutual fund assets were in funds ranking in the top cortile of the Morningstar category on a three year basis, and 55% of our U.S. mutual fund assets ranked in the top cortile among pure fund on a five year basis. We ended the second quarter with 67 U.S. mutual funds rated four or five stars by Morningstar, including 23 five star rated funds. As we highlighted last quarter, our second key contributor to our strong quarter results is the broad range of high-performing strategies we offer in investment areas, having particular appeal during periods of rising interest rates, such as we are now experiencing. These include our floating rate income, short duration fixed income and absolute return strategies. At the end of April, we had two floating rate bank owned funds, four short duration income funds and a global macro absolute return fund, all rated five stars by Morningstar. Each of these strategies is a current focus of our sales teams. Drawing down into our quarterly net flows by investment mandate, the three leading categories were floating rate income, fixed income and portfolio implementation, all with between $2.2 billion and $2.4 billion in net inflows for the quarter. Within the floating rate loan category, second quarter net flows were well balanced between retail and institutional and between U.S. and non-U.S. clients. Japan remains our most important market for bank home mandates outside the U.S., and contributed significantly to second quarter net flows. Within fixed income, the largest flow contributor was the laddered bond separate accounts, which had $1.5 billion in net inflows during the quarter. Other leading contributors to fixed income category net inflows were high yield bonds, emerging market debt and short duration U.S. government inflation protected and strategic income mandates. On an overall basis, we grew fixed income across funds and separate accounts, and with both retail and institutional clients. In portfolio implementation, net flows in Parametric Custom Core separate accounts offered to retail and high net worth investors, continued to dominate the category, accounting for $2 billion to $2.2 billion total category net inflows in the second quarter. After a slowdown in the first fiscal quarter, likely relating to uncertainty about the new tax bill while it was being deliberated, net flows in the custom core mandates rebounded sharply in the second quarter, increasing by nearly 40% sequentially. As in other recent quarters, flows in our alternative asset category were driven by Global Macro Absolute Return mandates, which had net inflows for the quarter of just under $0.5 billion. Within equities, leading contributors to quarterly net inflows included EVM Growth, Parametric Defensive Equity, Calvert Emerging Markets and Calvert Responsible Index Funds. As previously mentioned, our exposure management business had net outflows of $3.6 billion in the second quarter of fiscal 2018. This compares to net inflows of $5.4 billion in last year's second quarter and $1.5 billion of net inflows in this year's first quarter. As a reminder, this Parametric offering applies financial futures and other derivative instruments to help large institutional investors efficiently manage the equity, duration, currency and other market exposures within their portfolio with Parametric serving on either a discretionary or non-discretionary basis. The exposure management outflows we experienced in the second quarter reflect net withdrawals from client position on which we earn a management fee. Substantially, all of the net flow outflows are attributable to declining balances and continuing client accounts rather than loss of clients. Despite the volatility of this business contributes to our quarterly for reporting and fee rates averaging only 5 basis points annually, we continue to view exposure managements the core offering with solid profitability and good growth prospects. Having a strong exposure management franchise also helps us establish and maintain closer relationships with a client roaster that would be the envy of any asset manager. In many cases, Parametric client relationships that started with exposure management mandates, have migrated to also include other strategies. In recent investor communications, I’ve talked about Eaton Vance’s five strategic priorities for fiscal 2018, which are; capitalizing on our strong investment performance and favorable positioning to grow and active management; extending the success of our Parametric Custom Core and EVM bond laddered separate account franchises in specially passive and quasi-passive management; becoming a more global company; leveraging the Calvert acquisition we made at the end of 2016 to become a leader and responsible investing; and finally, positioning NextShares to become the vehicle of choice for U.S. investors and actively managed funds. Here's a brief progress report on each of those initiatives. As I mentioned earlier, we view our broad lineup of high performing funds and separate accounts and our leadership and investment strategies that are well positioned for it in environment of rising interest rates, as presenting significant opportunities to Eaton Vance to grow in active management, even as the overall market for active management continues to decline. Our confidence and the growth potential of our active strategies was born-out in the second quarter. During the quarter, net flows into our actively managed funds and accounts totaled $4.2 billion, equating to 8% annualized internal growth in managed assets. Based on results for the first three weeks of May and visible pipeline, we expect positive active strategy flows to continue in the third quarter. In the marketplace and internally, we sometimes refer to are Parametric Custom Core and EVM bond laddered separate account strategies offered to the retail and high net worth market as custom beta, these high value strategies to continue to demonstrate broad market appeal and significant growth. During the second quarter, net flows into our custom beta separate accounts totaled $3.5 billion. This equates to 18% annualized internal growth in custom beta managed assets. As with our actively managed strategies, results were made to-date and the pipeline of one not funded new business give us confidence that strong growth of our custom beta franchise will continue. Our business outside the United States remain significantly underdeveloped, representing only about 6% of our consolidated managed assets. Both in terms of globalizing our investment offerings and expanding our distribution reach outside the U.S., we continue to pursue growth opportunities. During the second quarter, net flows into funds and accounts managed for Eaton Vance clients outside the U.S. were $1.4 billion, which equates to 22% annualized internal growth and assets managed for non-U.S. clients. As we near the 17 month in our ownership of Calvert, we feel good about what we've accomplished and even better about the opportunities ahead of us to capitalize on Calvert's leading brand and leading expertise and responsible investing. While we are still in the early stages of repositioning Calvert beyond its historical roots in the U.S. retail market, Calvert branded strategy has generated just over $500 million of positive net flows in the second quarter, which equates to 14% annualized internal growth in managed assets. With a host of new business initiatives now in progress at Calvert and investor interest in responsible investing continuing to build, we are confidence that Calvert's best growth lies ahead. Finally, with NextShares, our focus continues to be on achieving commercial success for our distribution relationship with UBS, and using that success as a springboard to gain broader distribution reach and entering into licensing arrangements with more fund sponsors. There are currently 17 NextShares funds from eight fund families listed from market trading, including those from six unaffiliated fund groups; Brandis, Causeway, Gabelli, Hartford, Ryan Hart, and Allen Ried. About half of those 17 funds are currently available for purchase at UBS with the balance working their way through UBS’s due diligence. Sales today at UBS have been modest with it just beginning to open as more funds cleared due diligence, more advisors complete required product training and more wholesale retention gets devoted to NextShares. In the long journey to commercialize NextShares the coming 12 months will be pivotal. We now have an initial range of approved NextShares funds, and a major distribution partner committed to working with us to bring these funds to market. Now it's the time to begin translating that potential into sales success. In closing, these continue to be good times at Eaton Vance. Our business has strong current momentum, driven by high performing investment franchises well positioned for the current market environment, a range of specialty offerings with the broad and growing market appeal and strong distribution and client service. Longer term, we believe that Eaton Vance is a culture, inheriting the capital structure distinctively supportive of continued business success as the management industry evolves. That concludes my remarks. And I'll now turn the call over to Laurie.
Laurie Hylton: Thank you, and again good morning. As Tom mentioned, we’re reporting adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.77 for the second quarter of fiscal 2018, an increase of 24% from $0.62 of adjusted earnings per diluted share in the second quarter of fiscal 2017, down 1% from $0.78 of adjusted earnings per diluted share reported in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Second quarter’s seasonal factors, primarily reflected three fewer fee days and three fewer payroll days in the quarter, reduced earnings by approximately $0.02 per diluted share sequentially. As you can see in attachment two to our press release, adjusted earnings trailed GAAP earnings by a penny per diluted share in the second quarter of fiscal 2018 to reflect the reversal of $1.9 million of net excess tax benefits recognized from the exercise of employee stock option, investing of restricted stock awards during the period. Adjusted earnings per diluted share matched GAAP earnings per diluted share in the second quarter of fiscal 2017, and exceeded GAAP earnings in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 by $0.15 per diluted share, reflecting the impact of tax law changes, a newly adopted accounting standard addressing the treatment of stock-based compensation and the expiration of the Company's options to acquire an additional 26% ownership interest in our 49% owned affiliate tax vest. Our operating income in the second quarter fiscal 2018 was up 13% from the second quarter of fiscal 2017, down 2% sequentially. Our operating margin was 32% in the second quarter fiscal 2018 versus 31.5% in the second quarter of fiscal 2017, and 32.2% in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Operating margin for the first six months of the fiscal year improved from 30.6% in 2017 to 32.1% in 2018. Ending consolidated managed assets of $440.1 billion at April 30, 2018 were up 14% year-over-year, driven by strong net flows and positive market returns, and down 2% sequentially, primarily reflecting market price declines in February and March, partially offset by strong net inflows. Average managed assets in the second quarter of fiscal 2018 increased 17% from the second quarter fiscal 2017, driving 11% increase in revenue. Revenue growth trails growth in average managed assets year-over-year, primarily due to the decline in our average annual life management fee rate from 34.7 basis points in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 to 33.3 basis points in the second quarter of fiscal 2018. This decline in our average annualized management fee rate is primarily attributable to outsized growth of our lower fee portfolio implementation and bond ladder businesses. Our average managed assets for the second quarter were up 2% from the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Second quarter revenue was down 2%, reflecting the impact of three fewer fee days in the second quarter and a modest decrease in our average annualized management fee rate. The sequential decline in our average annualized management fee rate from 33.7 basis points to 33.3 basis points primarily reflects the continuing shift in our business mix, driven by strong net flows into our lower fee portfolio implementation and bond ladder businesses. Strong net inflows into several higher fee strategies in the second quarter helped mitigate the mix driven fee rate decline. Performance fees, which are excluded from the calculation from our average management fee rates, reduced earnings by $0.5 million in both the second and first quarters of fiscal 2018, and were negligible in the second fiscal 2017. Tom noted, in the second quarter of fiscal 2018, our annualized internal growth and management fee revenue of 7% outpaced our annualized internal growth and managed assets of 4%, primarily reflecting the impact of net inflows into higher fee strategies during the quarter. This compares to 7% annualized income growth in management fee revenue on 14% annualized internal growth in managed assets in the second quarter fiscal 2017. A 5% annualized internal growth in management fee revenue on 7% annualized growth in management in managed assets in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Based on current sales trends and the visible pipeline of pending flows, we continue to be optimistic about our ability to achieve positive organic growth in management fee revenue over the balance of fiscal 2018. Turning to expenses, competition expense increased by 9% from the second quarter of fiscal 2017, reflecting higher headcount, year-end increases in base salaries, increases in our corporate 401(k) match and other benefit costs, increases in operating income and performance based bonus accruals and higher stock based compensation, partially offset by a decrease in sales based incentive compensation. Sequentially, compensation expense decreased by 5% from the first quarter fiscal 2018, reflecting lower stock-based compensation, a decrease in operating income based bonus accruals, lower sales based incentive compensation and a decrease in base compensation, driven by fewer payroll days in the second fiscal quarter. Non-compensation distribution related costs, including distribution and service fees and the amortization of deferred sales commission, increased 4% from the same quarter a year ago, and decreased 3% sequentially. The year-over-year increase primarily reflects higher marketing and promotion cost, higher commission and amortization for private fund and increases in intermediary marketing support payments, mainly driven by higher average managed assets. The sequential quarterly decrease primarily reflects reduced intermediately marketing support payments and lower distribution and service fees, driven primarily by lower average managed assets and share classes that are subject to these fees and the impact of three fewer fee days in the second quarter. Fund related expenses increased 29% and 3% versus the second quarter of fiscal 2017, and the first quarter of fiscal 2018 respectively, primarily reflecting increases in fund subsidy accruals and higher sub advisory fees paid. Other operating expenses increased 14% and 10% versus the second quarter of fiscal 2017 and the first quarter of fiscal 2018 respectively, primarily reflecting increases in information technology spending, as well as higher facility, professional services and travel expenses. We continue to spend approximately $2 million per quarter in connection with our NextShare initiative. Net gains and other investment income on seed capital investments contributed a penny and $0.02 for earnings per diluted share in the second quarters of fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017 respectively, and were negligible in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. When quantifying the impact of our seed capital investments on earnings each quarter, we take into consideration our pro rata shares of gains, losses and other investment income earned on investments in sponsor strategies, whether accounted for as consolidated funds, separate accounts or equity method investments, as well as the gains and losses recognized on derivatives used to hedge these investments, within the per share impact, net of income taxes and net income attributable to non-controlling interest. We continue to hedge the market exposures of our seed capital portfolio to the extent practicable to minimize the associated earnings volatility. Net gains and other investment income in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 included $6.5 million charge to reflect the expiration of the Company's option to acquire an additional 26% ownership interest in Hexavest under the terms of the option agreement entered into when we acquired our initial 49% ownership interest in 2012. We excluded this one time charge from our calculation of adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per diluted share for the first quarter. Consolidate CLO activity contributed $800,000 and $1.6 million to non-operating income in the second and first quarters of fiscal 2018 -- second and first quarters of fiscal 2018 respectively. Turning to taxes, our effective tax rate for the second quarter fiscal 2018 was 26.7% versus 37.5% in the second quarter of fiscal 2017, and 36.3% in the first quarter in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. The Company's effective tax rate for the second and first quarters of fiscal 2018 reflect net excess tax benefits of $1.9 million and $11.9 million respectively related to the exercise of stock options investing of restricted stock awards during those periods. New accounting guidance adopted in the first quarter requires these net excess tax benefits to be recognized in earnings. The Company's income tax provision for the first quarter of fiscal 2018 also included a non-recurring charge of $24.7 million to reflect the estimated effect of U.S. federal tax law changes enacted in the first quarter. As noted previously, our calculations of adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per diluted share remove the effect the net excess tax benefits recognized in the second and first quarters in connection with the new accounting guidance and the non-recurring impact of the tax reform recognized in the first quarter. On this basis, our adjusted effective tax rate was 28.2% and 26.7% in the second and first quarters of fiscal 2018 respectively. On the same adjusted basis, we estimate that our quarterly effective tax rate for the balance of fiscal 2018 and the fiscal year as a whole will range between 27.5% and 28%, and our fiscal 2019 effective tax rate will range between 25.3% and 25.8%. During the second quarter of fiscal 2018, we used $36.2 million of corporate cash to pay quarterly dividends and $0.31 per share -- of $0.31 per share, and repurchased 1.3 million of shares of non-voting common stock for approximately $73.1 million. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding were $123.8 million, up 7% year-over-year and substantially unchanged from the first quarter. We finished our second fiscal quarter holding $791.4 million of cash, cash equivalents and short term debt security and approximately $369 million in seed capital investments, and with outstanding debt obligations of $625 million. We continue to place high priority on using the Company's cash flow to benefit shareholders. Even as we support strong business growth, we maintain significant financial flexibility. This concludes our prepared comments. At this point, we'd like to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from the line of Patrick Davitt of Autonomous. Your line is open.
Patrick Davitt: The fee rate, particularly in floating rate, came down a little bit more than we would have expected. Are there any timing issues around when flows came in and out, or is there anything you want to that you would point out? And in particular, is there a mix shift within the floating rate bucket driving that to come down so much?
Tom Faust: The main thing going on, I believe, during the quarter was continued growth on the institutional side of the business, which has for us and for market generally, has lower fee rate than in our recent product. So you'll see that rate bounce around, primarily reflecting mix of retail and institutional. I talked about -- we had good growth offshore in the second quarter and that largely was in bank loans and that was largely institutional. So hope that gives you a little flavor.
Patrick Davitt: And then on the pipeline commentary, I appreciate that. Could you maybe scale that relative to last quarter and this point last year?
Tom Faust: So that's on pipeline on our business generally or on specific…
Patrick Davitt: I think -- you're talking about…
Tom Faust: I don't have that on my fingertips, I don't recall where that was last quarter versus -- or the year ago quarter. We're looking at for the quarter on the order of $3 billion or so of net flows for which we see a visible pipeline. Understand that includes a mix of both active and passive businesses, and a fair bid of that is Parametric business, including that exposure management where we do expect net inflows. But I would say on an overall basis, the pipeline is robust. We've got multi-hundred million dollar visibility and to growth macro absolute return franchises, Parametric emerging markets, high yield bond, custom core the sense of equity and exposure management.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Elliott: This is Geoff filling for Mike, thanks for taking our question. So just looking at the $800 million of cash and equivalent in the short term investments. How much of that would you say is free to return versus tied up due to regulatory other needs? And then maybe longer term is there a total payout ratio that you typically target?
Tom Faust: Well, we don’t have in our precise number on what cash tied up in regulatory. But we can -- feel like we can comfortably run the business with $200 million in cash. It's probably something close to 100 that would be tied up due to regulatory…
Eric Stein: Included within that 200.
Tom Faust: Exactly, yes. The second part of your question was?
Geoffrey Elliott: So I think on the total payout ratio over the long term…
Tom Faust: Yes, it's certainly something we look at each year when we review our dividend for the upcoming 12 months, and that typically is done mid-October. So it’s definitely something we consider in addition to cash needs to support the growth of the business.
Eric Stein: And I would say that on an overall basis long-term it’s 100%, we have no other reason for being then to earn cash and cash flow for our shareholders, and returning that to shareholders either through dividends or stock repurchases, are certainly long-term goal and strategy and consistent with the history of the Company. The fact that we’ve seen a buildup in cash over the last several quarters doesn't reflect the change in that philosophy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz of Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Bill Katz: Question for you just in terms of flows, and appreciate the last comments, so seeing across the range of the platform. Could you fill in maybe one level deeper and give us a sense of maybe where you’re seeing the volumes coming from? Is it from other place with lesser performance, or is there any mix shift that you’re seeing in terms of allocations whether it’d be on that retail gatekeeper side or on the institutional consultant side?
Tom Faust: Maybe it would be helpful to break that down. It will vary between our active and more passive businesses just starting with the active businesses. And in bank loans, we’re benefiting from two things; one is bank loans have been an asset class that has attracted significant flows, relating to expectations and the reality of rising interest rate; and then second among the bank loan mangers not surprisingly, given our performance, we’ve been gaining market share. So it’s really a combination there of both and expanding category, which reflects cyclical factors maybe some secular growth there as well, plus a relatively strong performance profile for Eaton Vance. I would also highlight absolute return strategies in particular global macro absolute return, which again benefits from the cyclical phenomenon of investors looking to diverse so far away from fixed income and duration risk into a less correlated or non-correlated strategy that invest primarily in emerging market currencies and debt instruments of a short-term duration nature. There I think we’re probably also gaining market share where in Morningstar categorizes us in non-traditional bonds in that strategy. And relative to that category, we’ve noticeably gained market share over the last few quarters. The same generally would apply to other short-term income strategies. We have a short duration government fund that’s in inflows. We have a short duration strategic income fund that’s in net inflows. We have a short duration inflation protected fund that’s in net inflows. In all those cases, we have strong performance. I believe those are all five star rated funds and also these are in categories position to benefit from investors looking for ways to diversify their duration exposure to reduce their duration exposure within fixed income. On the more passive side of our business, this is primarily what we call custom beta. We’re benefiting from a couple of things there. One is on the equity side, this is primarily offering our customized index-based separate accounts as alternatives to index ETFs and indexed mutual funds where the benefit is -- the benefit of a customized exposure, which allows people to reflect responsible investing criteria or other portfolio of tilts that they desire. And also the better tax treatment of holding individual securities as opposed to holding those same investments through a fund. The primary advantages being two; one the ability to fund positions in time without having to sell and realize the taxable gain; and two, the ability to harvest and pass through on a current basis, the value of realized capital losses, which in a fund context are trapped inside the vehicle. On the fixed income side, our laddered, muni and corporate bond separate accounts, these are so primarily into broker dealer channels and there this is a way to feed into and benefit from migration of business from brokerage accounts to advisory relationships, particularly within fixed income and especially within the laddered bond accounts. We have been the market leader in this. We think we have industry leading relationships, industry leading performance characteristics and industry leading service level. So in all of these things, I’d say Bill, it's hard to break it out between market developments and share developments. We have good data on the fund side of our business, not very good data in terms of market share outside of funds. But on overall basis, we feel like we're both gaining market share in key categories for us, but also benefiting from some fairly significant market trends that are pushing business into areas that we care most about, such as short duration or floating rate income and such as things like our custom beta strategies.
Bill Katz: And then maybe a follow-up for Laurie, I may ask this question quarter-after-quarters, I do apologize for the repetition of it. Can you give us a sense of how you’re thinking about margins from here? And I am trying to understand interplay now it looks like great comp leverage within the other line little bit sequentially. So you look out into the second half of this year or maybe longer term. Do you still think you can drive some operating leverage? And maybe is the way to think about on the incremental margin, just trying to get a sense of how much incremental room there might be for margins to move higher here quickly given the great growth?
Laurie Hylton: In terms of looking out, I would love to have a crystal ball and tell you that I've got great visibility going out into 2019. But I think that would be an overestimation of our forecasting skills at this point. But I think that as we look ahead to the next couple of quarters, I would anticipate that we will be in this range. I do continue to think that we've got operating leverage opportunity. But I would not anticipate -- obviously, March and February, were both really tough months. From a market perspective, there was lot of volatility and it really hurt us in terms of what we lost to market -- lost to assets due to market. So that create a little bit of a headwind that we're coming out of now. But if we get some really nice market, that's going to be helpful. We could see a little bit more leverage. But otherwise, I would anticipate we're going to be in this range, maybe modestly up another 50 basis points. But I wouldn't anticipate we’re suddenly going to see a screaming run on our operating margin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Daniel Fannon: I guess, just to follow up on that last question. Can you talk maybe about the differences in the profitability or the scalability of certain of your businesses? So if we think about, we know the fee rates but the exposure management how we think about that or this in terms of incremental margin, how you want to characterize it versus say your traditional fund business?
Tom Faust: It's important to make sure, we're talking about the same thing, we're talking about margins. So just to be clear, we're talking about operating income as a percentage of revenue not operating income expressed in basis points on assets. So expressed in basis points on assets we make significantly less on exposure management because we clear with 5 basis points not starting with 30 or 50 or 75 on some of our mandates. In terms of margin profitability per dollar of revenue, that's a very good business. It's probably approaching the corporate average. It's not substantially below this is a scale of business very efficiently run. A portfolio manager and implementation business doesn't command the same compensation level as a portfolio manager does in a stock or bond picking business. It is highly scale dependent and we have a large scale there and it's entirely systems dependent. And we have excellent systems to support that business. So it's while though, say it's not particularly the margin, I don't think we would say it's higher than our average margin, but it's in the range of most of our businesses. If you look across our businesses, the key driver of profitability is scale. If you look at things like bank loans, where we've got a very large business. we have higher profitability. And things that we do in limited scale either because we're trying to grow the business or hope brings eternal and we're hanging on. Those kind of businesses have lower margin. So big picture our approach to growing the profits of Eaton Vance is developing and cultivating through scale a range of market leading franchises. And typically the bigger the franchise both the easier it is to sell all else being equal and the more profitable it is from a margin perspective again all else being equal. So the goal is always is to build scale to the extent reasonable and to the extent we still have the ability to manage money flexibly and efficiently at that scale. But the goal is to build scale across franchises and if you want to know relative levels of profitability of our business starting with revenues is probably a good place to look. And things that we have good revenues in, we tend to have good margins in. And things that we're trying to build revenue we don't tend to have attractive margins. This is fundamentally a people business, it takes a certain amount of people to run any kind of investment business, the more assets you manage the more revenues you generate likely the higher the fee is going to be from that business. And that holds pretty true across the board in our business.
Daniel Fannon: Thanks that's helpful. And I guess just another question around M&A you guys have been successful and deploying capital and adding on businesses. I guess at this point of the cycle, how do you think about M&A in terms of that versus repurchasing your own stock or other capital return methods?
Tom Faust: We certainly look, there have been some transactions that have happened to our business. We think asset management is right for consolidation. We think Eaton Vance has many of the characteristics of a successful acquire, including as you point out having a record, having done this successfully in the past and a fair bit of financial flexibility to allow us to finance a transaction. We're particular about what we might acquire. While in the past, we've been successful in growing our business and expanding our footprint within asset management through acquisitions. We are also mindful that this is a fairly hazardous business going out and buying someone else's asset management business and inheriting their culture and inheriting there people. So we wanted to do it very carefully. We are price-sensitive, we don't tend to win auctions, because really we're going to put the highest valuation on a business. But we do think that that we bring a lot to offer here and we do devote a fair bit of attention to at least thinking about that. So I think we it's not a large team, its mostly Laurie and myself and other people in the finance group. This is not a significant activity for people in our sales organization or people in our investment or admin group. But in terms of the senior levels of legal and finance and general business we do look a fair bit at things that might be of interest. I would put the kind of things that are possibly of interest to us into three or four categories. One that would be consistent with things that we've done in the past are what I'll call both on acquisitions where we had distribution firepower, we brought on our business mix and helped our business grow to scale, adding more distribution resources than that company could likely afford to do on their own. That's been our traditional growth path. We have also looked at acquisitions that would expand our footprint graphically, only about 6% of our assets today are outside the United States. We think there could be opportunities for us to accelerate the growth of our business outside the United States through transactions that involve cross-border linkups. And then finally there are the scale type transactions that involve both opportunities for revenue synergies, but also cost synergies and those are if done at scale significantly riskier in a financial sense and in a corporate culture sense, but we also certainly kick the tires on those. Again we do believe there should be and there will be consolidation in our business and we want to participate that and that at least at a level of looking and if the fit is right and if we put the highest value on something. It's possible that will be active there as well.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open. 
Brian Bedell: I just want to come back to the fee rates, I think you explained the floating rate is moving towards the institutional from a mix shift and then quickly if I'm wrong I think you mentioned also in the fixed income the [lettered] bond portfolios shift towards that being lower fee rates that impacted that? If you can -- Craig if I am wrong enough and then also if you can comment on the equities bucket and the portfolio implementation in terms of the fee rates declines and that, is that a good run rate start into coming into the second quarter or do you think the mix would go back the other way?
Eric Stein: Yeah, I think you're right in your observation. Certainly starting on fixed income, I think we highlighted in the call facts that we had a $1.5 billion of net inflows within fixed income that were ladder separate accounts that's 15-16 basis points business as that grows, that tends to pull down the average fee rate in the fixed income category. So that's the primary driver of that category. So you see, I'm looking in our press release, attachment 10. So the biggest year over year decline was in fixed income where fee rates went down 7% from 38.5% to 35.8% . Again, that primarily reflects the strong growth of our ladder separate account business is that if the rates in the 15 to 16 basis point range.  Floating rate income, I think we already talked about that. Alternatives which went the other way. We have a global macro absolute return advantage strategy that is at a higher fee rate, that and its sister fund, call macro absolute return, really dominate that alternatives category, both in terms of assets inflows and because the mix of flows have been skewed towards the higher fee advantage version of that strategy, you've seen that 9% pickup in average fee rates year over year in the alternative category.  Equities, that's also primarily mix shift among the fastest growing equity strategies we offer are what we call defensive equity or volatility risk premium strategies, which are Parametric offerings using a derivatives, primarily there's a permanently call selling strategies, fast growth contributing there, there are also other strategies in the equity group and higher fee rates that have been growing but unbalanced, that fee decline reflects primarily mixed with faster growth of these options based -- rules based option strategies offered by parametric.  Within portfolio implementation, not exactly sure, that -- some of that might be mix, some of that is also we've grown with the client relationships where they have more pricing power and so fees on some business has been is coming at lower price points where it's a competitive situation, I would say generally, we view our business as, if you take out mix and look at pricing within existing mandates, something like 1% annual declines just based on fee concessions and break points built into fee schedules is part of our business.  I've been here 33 years and I can't remember ever raising prices on any of our strategies over that period, I might be missing something. But generally the nature of our business is that fee rates go down within mandates as they grow out to scale. And that trend is certainly present here, still pretty modest, something like 1% of that 4% year-over-year decline in average fee rates is true price declines with the balance representing a mix of faster growth of all three businesses than in higher fee businesses generally.
Brian Bedell: And then I guess just on the -- I think I heard you say $3 billion and I wasn't sure if that was what you were indicating as the pipeline for through the outlook as you went through that for the quarter that we're currently in. And if you could just verify that? And then also talk about what's going on in the broker dealer channel obviously the platform consolidation? How you are faring in market share there and is portfolio implementation also part of that in terms of when mandates within broker dealer channels?
Eric Stein: Yeah, so just to clarify. The number I gave that $3 billion number that's we have a weekly pipeline report of one not funded new business doesn't always happen, but these are as best our sales team can determine. Commitments that clients have made to hire us for new business things that we expect to fund over the coming period. Over the balance of the second quarter, which is going through -- balance of the third quarter which is going through the end of July as I mentioned, it's not only about $3 billion of pending pipeline and that includes about a $1 billion or so of Parametric exposure management and $2 billion of a range of other generally higher fee strategies. So I think that answers that first part. In terms of the impact on platform, broker dealer platform consolidation. We're winning some of [indiscernible]. So we're seeing some of our strategies getting -- taking all availability for current sale in broker dealer channels as they win or down the number of funds they offer. If you have a small fund it's pretty hard to justify the continuing existence of that if flows have not been strong. And we're not immune to that. We're seeing some of our funds being removed from platforms. When that happens I understand that doesn't mean the assets go away, typically those -- the assets stay on the books, though new sales are no longer permitted. There is the possibility for things that have been taken off the platform to come back on if there is advisor demand. We had -- during this quarter, we had and at least wanted to make -- broker dealers we had a case where several smaller Calvert strategies were taken off platform but then added back once they figured out that they have a large corporate initiative to support responsible investing and that these were leading high performing funds in those categories that do have growth potential as those responsible strategies grow. In terms of our non-fund business, our separate accounts including the implementation business the Parametric custom core. I don't think there's has been a lot of impact -- there is not a lot of impact on us of consolidation of offerings. I think that's largely been not fund phenomenon not a separate account phenomenon. And that's a legacy of days going back decades when large broker dealers potentially made all funds available. The separate account business -- the retail manage account business is a newer business and that was never really the way that business operated.
Brian Bedell: Great, I mean that there are few there potentially gain share in the portfolio implementation process as other funds are cut from the platform?
Tom Faust: That's absolutely right, we're positioned to grow our business in portfolio implementation generally as money moves from active to passive and quasi passive. We just picked up a custom core availability in single contract in the last of the major warehouse broker-dealers. So we have got full coverage now for both single contracts into a contract across the landscape of the warehouses that just happened in the last two weeks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open. 
Glenn Schorr: Similar to one of the previous questions I'm curious with all this growth and reasonable operating leverage, just thoughts on the share count going forward, I think we're up 7% year-over-year?
Laurie Hylton: I think that we kind of have a very slightly more opportunistic and systematic share repurchase program. We're fairly heavy users or stock based compensation. We recognize that put the pressure on our diluted share count. But we really think about our share repurchase program in terms of our total capital management strategy and address that on a quarterly basis. And this quarter we did mean in, we repurchased what was $73 million worth of stock this quarter, and hopefully that will be helpful as we look at our share count for next quarter. But I don't have guidance to give in terms of what we anticipate we will do throughout the rest of the year outside of saying that we would certainly anticipate that we will be active in the market and that we do view share repurchase as a significant tool in our quiver as we think about ways that we can return value to shareholders.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. And then if I could just get a follow up comment or clarity on the comment you made earlier on exposure management a product of declining client balances not clients leaving, is that just if you can think of it as run off of previous money less that you guys are just going to run this course is that the comment?
Tom Faust: Let me again just explain again what this business is. So, imagine your large institutional investor with a couple billion dollars that you have placed with a number of different outside managers. So your pension fund or endowment or foundation. One application of parametric exposure management is to equatize the cash that exists within your different accounts held with different managers. So if you're actual cash in those portfolios is 3.5% and your target cash is 50 basis points you would hire Parametric to take long equity exposure implemented through futures equal to 3% of that billion dollar portfolio. We built on the basis of the amount of exposures outstanding. So if that client moves around. So let's say they either move their actual cash up or down from 3.5% or they move their target cash up or down from half a percent depending on the relationship between those two, the amount of balances on which we earn the management fee will go up or down in a particular quarter. We've tried and pushed down the management of that Parametric business to help us model, does it in some way relate to what's going on in the market, either in terms of market strength or weakness or high volatility or low volatility. And it turns out there aren't great correlations with what we report as flows in this business, to any of those market factors. We have some pretty large clients in there, where a 1% or 2% change in their target cash or how they're using parametric disclosure management can have a meaningful flow impact on us. In this particular quarter, we were in a period where large clients on balance, we're in a position of reducing their exposures. We continue to look at this business long-term as a growing business. We didn't lose clients or at least not any meaningful numbers of clients in the quarter. It's just that for reasons outside of our control and unfortunately outside of our ability to forecast during this particular period we had more clients take off positions then we had a put on positions. So, I have no reason to think that next quarter will be a repeat of this and the vast majority of quarters we've grown this business, both in terms of number of clients and in terms of average exposures with those clients, the best measure of success in our business -- in this business is primarily number of client relationships and that's grown steadily over time. How clients use this and extent to which they use this, is to some degree a function of the range of our services but it's also very much also a function of how they're positioning their portfolios. Do they have a lot of excess cash that they're looking to monetize, are they using futures to add or subtract duration, are they using futures to add or subtract currency exposure? All of these things will impact the extent of our net positions in this business and all of these will impact our revenues and flows from this business. So it's a little messy, it doesn't lend itself to forecasting in quite the same way as the balance of our business. But as I said in my prepared remarks -- despite low fees and despite some volatility of flows, we continue to regard this as an excellent business, nicely profitable, growing and also providing very deep important relationships with major institutions that have been very helpful to us across the Parametric business and thinking about and realizing a growth and other things that Parametric does.
Glenn Schorr: I totally appreciate all that Tom. The only follow up I had is, if the foundation of this is to put idle cash to work and to eliminate cash drag even if it's temporary. As rates rise, does that start to just become a bigger drag or a competitor to the product in and of itself?
Tom Faust: Maybe, I would guess that, really it's -- so it's -- how do you think about cash in your target allocations. Most institutions that I'm close to aren't targeting the allocations to cash because even though cash returns have come up, they're still significantly below longer term either equity or fixed income assets. And most institutions take the view that they can't afford to have a lot of assets sitting around earning very little. I think you're right in that, with rates around 1% there is a little less pressure than there was at rates at zero. But whether that's enough to impact institutions and how they think about cash I don't really know. I think if rates were 8% or cash rates were 8% and people were despondent about the return potential of longer term financial assets, we wouldn't be equitizing cash, but we might also be synthetically taking off equity or income exposure because this doesn't only work one way. One of the beauties of derivatives is it gives the flexibility to not only equitize cash but also to change equity exposures up or down or from emerging markets to developed markets and vice versa and but also to add and subtract duration currency exposure commodity exposure, et cetera. These are very powerful tools that can be used for lots of portfolio reasons. And we're optimistic certainly that as the push for return grows, that people will look to manage their portfolios more efficiently and these are ultimately tools for enhancing portfolio efficiency by allowing managers to more precisely target their asset allocations on a very tactical basis if that's what demands they want to do, without disturbing relationships with underlying managers. So we think this business is here to stay. Whether it's marginally less attractive at higher interest rates, I think there is a case can be made for that, but I would say that there are I would guess bigger factors likely that overwhelm that just in terms of the other flexibility of this service offering what we can do for clients beyond just equitizing cash.
Operator: And at this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Hylton for any closing remarks.
Laurie Hylton: We just want to thank you for joining us this afternoon. And we look forward to catching up with everybody again when we release our third quarter results in August. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-02-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel C. Cataldo - Eaton Vance Corp. Thomas E. Faust, Jr. - Eaton Vance Corp. Laurie G. Hylton - Eaton Vance Corp.
Analysts: William Raymond Katz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Research US LP Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC Michael Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Chris Charles Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC Kenneth B. Worthington - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Chris, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Eaton Vance Corp. First Fiscal Quarter Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Treasurer, Dan Cataldo, you may begin your conference.
Daniel C. Cataldo - Eaton Vance Corp.: Thank you and welcome to our fiscal 2018 first quarter earnings call and webcast. Here this morning are Tom Faust, Chairman and CEO of Eaton Vance; and Laurie Hylton, our CFO. We will first comment on the quarter and then take your questions. The full earnings release and charts we will refer to during the call are available on our website, eatonvance.com, under the heading, Press Releases. Today's presentation contains forward-looking statements about our business and financial results. The actual results may differ materially from those projected due to risks and uncertainties in our business, including but not limited to those discussed in our SEC filings. These filings including our 2017 annual report and Form 10-K are available on our website upon request at no charge. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas E. Faust, Jr. - Eaton Vance Corp.: Thanks, Dan and good morning, everyone. Earlier this morning, we reported adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.78 for the first quarter of our fiscal 2018, which is up 47% from the $0.53 that we reported in last year's first quarter, and also up 11% from $0.70 that we reported in the fourth quarter of last fiscal year. The nearly 50% year-over-year increase in adjusted earnings per diluted share reflects 29% higher operating income and the favorable effect on adjusted earnings of the reduction in the U.S. corporate income tax rate included in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted in December. As Laurie will discuss in more detail, our first quarter adjusted earnings per diluted share exceeded the $0.63 of U.S. GAAP earnings per diluted share we reported for the period, primarily to reflect the revaluation of previously booked deferred tax assets and liabilities as a result of the lower U.S. corporate tax rate, the tax expense we recognized on the deemed repatriation of foreign earnings not previously subject to U.S. tax as is required under the Tax Act, and the recognition of net excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation plans in connection with the exercise of employee stock options and the vesting of restricted stock awards during the period as newly adopted accounting guidance requires to be included now in GAAP earnings. First quarter adjusted earnings also reflect the add back of a onetime charge recognized during the period in connection with the expiration of our option to acquire an additional 26% ownership interest in our 46% owned affiliate Hexavest. We finished our first fiscal quarter with record managed assets and had record revenue and record adjusted earnings for the quarter as the strong business trends of fiscal 2017 continued into the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Ending assets under management at January 31 were $449.2 billion, up 24% from a year earlier and up 6% from the end of the previous quarter. We had positive net flows in each of our six investment mandate reporting categories; equity, fixed income, floating rate income, alternatives, portfolio implementation, and exposure management. And also across all four of our investment vehicle reporting categories; funds, institutional separate accounts, high net worth separate accounts, and retail managed accounts. Our net flows for the quarter were $7.1 billion, which represents 7% annualized internal growth in managed assets. Excluding our lower fee exposure management business, net inflows for the quarter were $5.6 billion, also equating to 7% annualized internal growth in managed assets. On the basis of growth in management fee revenue, our annualized internal growth rate for the quarter was 5%. Organic revenue growth as we define is the change in run rate management fee revenue resulting from net inflows and outflows, taking into account the fee rate applicable to each dollar in and out, and excluding the impact of market action in acquisitions. As we discussed in prior quarters, we believe an asset manager's organic growth is better captured by internal growth in fee revenue than by internal growth in managed assets. A key to our success in fiscal 2018 – into 2017 was growing our actively managed strategies at the same time, as our specialty passive strategies continue to demonstrate high growth. In breaking down our overall business into active and passive, we treat as passive our portfolio implementation and exposure management reporting categories, which are Parametric businesses, as well as EVM managed ladder bond strategies reported within fixed income and Calvert index strategies reported within equities. In the first quarter of fiscal 2018, our active strategies grew managed assets at a 5% annualized internal growth rate, while our specialty passive strategies increased managed assets at an 8% annualized internal rate. Net inflows into active strategies were driven by positive flows into EVM fixed income, alternatives, floating rate income, and equity strategies, as well as Calvert equity and fixed income. Parametric active strategy flows were modestly negative, as continued strong growth in defensive equity and other equity option strategies was offset by outflows from emerging market equity and alternatives. Among our specialty passive strategies, we continue to see strong demand for our laddered, municipal and corporate bonds separate accounts, which had net inflows of nearly $1.5 billion in the quarter. Also contributing to the quarter's 8% organic growth in specialty passive strategy managed assets were $1.8 billion of net inflows into Parametric's Custom Core equities. As we have previously described, we grouped EVM managed ladder bond separate accounts with Parametric's Custom Core equity separate accounts offered in retail and high net worth channels and call this combination Custom Beta. As shown on page 12 of the call slides, our managed assets and Custom Beta strategies ended the quarter at nearly $80 billion, up 15% for the quarter. The continued growth here highlights ongoing investor demand for access to passive exposures that are customized to meet individual preferences and needs. In the quarter, Parametric exposure management had net inflows of $1.5 billion, continuing this business's strong growth trend. Since entering the business through the purchase of the former Clifton Group in December 2012, our exposure management AUM has increased from $32 billion to $90.5 billion, a near tripling in just over five years. Even at an average fee rate of just five basis points, this business is making a meaningful contribution to our earnings. Calvert branded strategies contributed nicely to the quarterly flow results, with almost $500 million in net inflows. The improving monthly trend of Calvert flow results, since we acquired this business at the end of 2016, is illustrated on page 11 of our call slides. Leading contributors to Calvert's positive net flows for the quarter included emerging market equity, core bond and Responsible Index strategies. Responsible investing continues to be a leading trend in asset management, appealing to the growing universe of investors who seek both positive financial returns and positive societal benefits from their investments. Since we acquired Calvert at the end of December 2016, total managed assets in Calvert strategies have grown from $11.9 billion to $14 billion, an increase of 18% in just 13 months. From an investment performance perspective, our story remains strong. At the end of January, we had 63 funds with overall Morningstar ratings of 4 or 5 stars for at least one class of shares, including 23 5-star rated funds. As shown on page 14 of our call slides, at the end of January, approximately half of our managed assets ranked in the top performance quartile of peer funds as categorized by Morningstar for the past one, three and five years was 63%, 77%, 76% and 77%, ranking in the top half of their Morningstar peers for their respective measurement periods. In a time of rising interest rates, it's certainly helpful for us that many of our top-rated and top performing funds are floating-rate or short duration income funds or absolute return strategies that are positioned as alternatives to traditional fixed income. At the end of January, we had three floating-rate funds, five short or ultra-short duration taxable income funds, and three short duration short-term or limited maturity municipal funds ranking 4 or 5 stars. As income investors seek protection from erosion of principal value and to achieve higher income levels, as interest rates move higher, we think we are well positioned for growth across this broad menu of high-performing income strategies with limited exposure to duration risk. Our global macro strategies, which constitute most of our alternatives reporting category continue to perform well and are also positioned to benefit from investors seeking alternatives to intermediate and long-term bonds. The two global macro funds we offer in the U.S., Global Macro Absolute Return and Global Macro Absolute Return Advantage have each had favorable returns versus their LIBOR benchmark over the past one, three, and five years, and are true alternative investments. With very low correlations versus equity and fixed income market returns, they don't perform at all like stocks and bonds, and have a history of low volatility. In the current environment of stressed equity valuations, increased market volatility and rising interest rates, these strategies are particularly appealing. In the first fiscal quarter, the five-star rated Eaton Vance Global Macro Absolute Return Advantage Fund was a top seller across our U.S. equity fund line-up, with inflows of over $900 million gross and nearly $800 million net, tops among all of the strategies that we offer as mutual funds in the U.S. With management fees of 90 basis points annually on incremental assets, GMARA as we call it internally, is also among the highest fee strategies that we offer. Growth prospects for GMARA and related strategies remain excellent. Let me finish with updates on two of our other important initiatives, our global expansion and NextShares. In the first quarter of fiscal 2018, we had net flows from clients outside the United States totaling $500 million, which equates to 8% annualized internal growth in managed assets. There were also two important strategic developments during the quarter relating to our multiyear effort to expand our international business. First on January 31, we announced the hiring of a five-person team that constituted the global fixed income group of the now former Oechsle Investment Advisors (sic) [Oechsle International Advisors]. Based in Frankfurt and led by Astrid Vogeler, the team has been integrated into Eaton Vance's Global Income Group and has a core global bond capability that we previously did not have. With $800 million in current assets under management, Astrid and her team have delivered strong returns versus benchmark over many years. The office they occupy now serves as home base for Eaton Vance in Continental Europe with our Frankfurt-based Business Development Director, Thomas Body, also working from the same location. Eaton Vance is now open for business with boots on the ground in Europe's largest economy and a historically strong market for income returns. Also in January, we moved into new office space in Tokyo to support continued growth of our business in Japan. The new office which can accommodate up to eight people gives us room to expand our physical presence in our largest international market. On NextShares, we continue to make progress on multiple fronts. As a reminder, NextShares are a new type of fund vehicle combining proprietary active management with the conveniences and potential performance and tax advantages of exchange traded products. Our NextShares Solutions subsidiary holds patents and other intellectual property rights related to NextShares and is seeking to commercialize them by entering into licensing and service agreements with fund companies. The first NextShares fund was launched on Nasdaq in February 2016. Today, there are 15 NextShares funds from seven different fund families that are listed for trading with two more funds from an additional sponsor expected to launch in March. The currently available NextShares funds cover a broad range of investment strategies, including U.S. and global equity, taxable and tax-free fixed income, and floating rate income. Managers represented include, in addition to Eaton Vance and Calvert, Brandes, Gabelli, Reinhart, Waddell & Reed and Oaktree and Wellington as subadvisors. On the distribution front, the main focus continues to be UBS, where NextShares officially launched on their brokerage and strategic advisor platforms on November 20 of last year. Sales to-date at UBS have been modest, constrained by the need for each and long strategy to clear UBS due diligence, a process that does not begin until a fund starts trading. With several of our most attractive strategies expected to clear due diligence and to become available for purchase within the next month, we expect the sales spigot to begin opening over the coming weeks. In launches like this one, success begets success. As sales begin to flow at UBS, the NextShares structure becomes increasingly attractive both to additional fund sponsors and to other broker dealers. As it has been throughout this initiative, our goal remains to position NextShares to become the fund vehicle of choice for active strategies and to use this innovation to help address the competitive imbalance that continues to exist between active and passive funds. That concludes my prepared remarks and I'll now turn the call over to Laurie.
Laurie G. Hylton - Eaton Vance Corp.: Thank you and good morning. As Tom mentioned we're reporting adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.78 for the first quarter of fiscal 2018, an increase of 47% from $0.53 of adjusted earnings per diluted share in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and up 11% from $0.70 of adjusted earnings per diluted share reported in the fourth quarter fiscal 2017. As you can see in attachment to our press release, adjusted earnings differed from GAAP earnings in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 by $0.15 per diluted share, primarily reflecting the impact of tax law changes and the newly adopted accounting standard. Adjustments affecting our first quarter include $21.7 million revaluation of deferred tax amounts resulting from the new tax legislation enacted on December 22, 2017, $3 million of incremental tax expense also resulting from the December tax law changes related to the deemed repatriation of foreign earnings not previously subject to U.S. taxation, and then $11.9 million income tax benefit related to newly adopted accounting guidance addressing the treatment of stock-based compensation plans. This benefit, driven by the exercise of stock options and the vesting of restricted stock during the period, would have been recognized as an adjustment to equity rather than the income statement item under the previous accounting guidance. As a further adjustment to first quarter earnings, the company recognized a $6.5 million pre-tax loss, $5.7 million after-tax, in connection with the expiration during the period of our option to acquire an additional 26% ownership interest in our 49% owned affiliate Hexavest. Adjusted earnings per diluted share matched GAAP earnings per diluted share in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and differed from GAAP earnings in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 by $0.01 per diluted share to reflect increases in the estimated redemption value of non-controlling interests in affiliates redeemable at other than fair value. As of January 31, 2018, all non-controlling interests in our affiliates are redeemable at fair value. Our operating income in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 was up 29% in the first quarter fiscal 2017 and down 2% sequentially. Our operating margin was 32.2% in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 versus 29.7% in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and 34.1% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017. As reflected in the sequential comparison, first quarter results were impacted by the usual seasonal compensation pressures that I will discuss in a moment. Ending consolidated managed assets at January 31, 2018 reached a new record high of $449.2 billion, an increase of 24% over the past year, and up 6% from the prior quarter-end, driven by strong net flows and positive market returns. Average managed assets in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 increased 26% from the first quarter of fiscal 2017, driving a 19% increase in revenue. Revenue growth trailed growth in average managed assets year over year, primarily due to a decline in our average management fee rate from 35.1 basis points in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 to 33.7 basis points in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. This decline in our average management fee rate is primarily attributable to outsized growth of our lower fee exposure management portfolio implementation and bond laddered businesses. Average managed assets in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 increased 5% versus the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, generating a 4% growth in revenue. Sequentially, our average management fee rate declined modestly from 33.9 basis points in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 to 33.7 basis points in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Although strong flows into our lower fee strategies continue, net inflows into higher fee strategies helped mitigate the overall fee rate decline. Performance fees, which are excluded from the calculation of our average fee rates, reduced earnings by $0.5 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, contributed $200,000 to earnings in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and reduced earnings by $300,000 in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017. As Tom noted, we realized 5% annualized internal growth in management fees on 7% annualized internal growth in managed assets in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, compared to 7% annualized internal growth in management fees on 9% annualized internal growth and managed assets in the first quarter of last year. Our management fee and AUM internal growth rates in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 were largely consistent with the fourth quarter of last year when we had 5% annualized internal growth in management fees on 8% annualized internal growth in assets. We continue to be optimistic about our ability to continue this momentum through the balance of fiscal 2028. Turning to expenses, compensation expense in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 increased by 15% from the first quarter of fiscal 2017, reflecting increases in operating income-based bonus accruals driven by increased profitability, higher salaries and benefits associated with increases in head count and year-end merit adjustments, and higher stock-based compensation, all partially offset by a decrease in sales-based incentive accruals. Sequentially, compensation expense increased by approximately 10% from the fourth quarter fiscal 2017, reflecting higher stock-based compensation expense, higher sales-based incentive accruals driven by strong product sales, higher salaries and benefits driven by increases in head count, and several seasonal compensation factors, including fiscal year-end merit increases and calendar year employee benefit and payroll tax clock resets. In the first quarter of fiscal 2018, there's approximately $2.5 million of stock-based compensation expense that we would not anticipate seeing next quarter. On the flipside, we are increasing our annual 401(k) employee contribution match, which will result in an incremental expense of approximately $1.3 million next quarter. Non-compensation distribution related costs, including distribution and service fee expenses and the amortization of deferred sales commissions, increased 11% and 4% versus the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, respectively, primarily reflecting increases in intermediary marketing support payments mainly driven by higher average managed assets and higher marketing and promotion costs. Fund-related expenses increased 37% and 21% versus the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, respectively, primarily reflecting increases in fund subsidies, higher sub-advisory fees paid, and an increase in fund expenses borne by the company on funds for which we earn an all-in fee. The year-over-year increase in fund subsidies is attributable primarily to the addition of the Calvert funds through the acquisition of the business assets of Calvert Investments at the end of calendar 2016. The sequential quarter increase was largely due to calendar year-end subsidy accrual adjustments and growth in assets and subsidized funds with expense cap. Other operating expenses were up 14% versus the first quarter fiscal 2017 and down 2% from the fourth quarter of last year. The year-over-year increase primarily reflects an increase in information technology spending, as well as higher travel, communications, professional services, facilities and other corporate expenses. The sequential decrease in other operating expenses primarily reflects lower professional services and travel expenses, partially offset by slightly higher information technology and other corporate expenses. We continue to spend approximately $2 million per quarter in connection with our NextShares initiative. Net gains and other investment income on seed capital investments were negligible in the first quarters of fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017, and contributed $0.01 to earnings per diluted share in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017. When quantifying the impact of our seed capital investments on earnings each quarter, we take into consideration our pro rata share of the gains, losses and other investment income earned on investments in sponsored products where they're accounted for as consolidated funds, separate accounts or equity method investments, as well as the gains and losses recognized on derivatives used to hedge those investments. We then report the per share impact net of income taxes and net income attributable to non-controlling interest. We continue to hedge the market exposures of our seed capital portfolio to the extent practicable to minimize the associated earnings volatility. Net gains and other investment income in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 includes the previously noted $6.5 million charge to reflect the expiration of the company's option to acquire an additional 26% ownership interest in Hexavest under the terms of the option agreement entered into when we acquired our initial 49% position in 2012. We add back this one-time change in calculating adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per diluted share for the quarter. Consolidated CLO activity contributed $1.6 million to non-operating income in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Turning to taxes, our effective tax rate to the first quarter of fiscal 2018 was 36.3% versus 37.3% in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, and 36.5% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017. As we noted in the press release this morning, the company's income tax provision for the first quarter of fiscal 2018 includes a non-recurring charge of $24.7 million to reflect the estimated effect of the Tax Act. This non-recurring charge is based on current interpretation of the tax law changes, and includes $21.7 million from the revaluation of the company's deferred tax assets and liabilities, and $3 million for the deemed repatriation of foreign sourced net earnings, not previously subject to U.S. taxation. The increase in the company's effective tax rate for the first quarter of fiscal 2018 resulting from this charge was offset by an income tax benefit of $11.9 million related to the exercise of stock options, investing of restricted stock during the period, and the net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interest and other beneficial interests, which is not taxable to the company. Excluding the non-recurring impact of the tax reform and the net excess tax benefits recognized in the first quarter in conjunction with the implementation of the new accounting guidance, our operating effective tax rate for the quarter would have been 26.7%. The accounting treatment of income taxes related to stock-based compensation that I noted previously may cause an appreciable level of volatility in our quarterly effective tax rate going forward, particularly in the first quarter of each year. Excluding the impact of future stock option exercises restricted share vesting associated with this new accounting guidance, we estimate that our quarterly effective tax rate for the balance of fiscal 2018 will range between 27% and 27.5%. Our full year fiscal 2018 effective tax rate will range between 29.25% and 29.75%, and our fiscal 2019 effective tax rate will range between 25% and 25.5%. Consistent with our method of calculating adjusted earnings for the first quarter, we expect to continue treating net excess tax benefits or expense from stock-based compensation plans recognized each quarter as an adjustment item. In other capital management activities, we repurchased 672,000 shares of nonvoting common stock for approximately $36.3 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding increased 8% year-over-year and 4% sequentially to $123.9 million as of January 31, 2018. We finished our first fiscal quarter holding $740.4 million of cash, cash equivalents and short term debt securities and approximately $376.3 million in seed capital investment. In light of the recent tax legislation, capital management remains top of mind and we are actively considering our options as we think about how to best balance investing in our business and returning capital to shareholders. This concludes our prepared comments, and at this point, we'd like to take any questions you may have.
Operator: Your first question comes from Bill Katz with Citigroup. Your line is open.
William Raymond Katz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much. Just maybe on the European opportunity, Tom, you sort of called out the new platform onboard. I was just sort of wondering from here what kind of growth has that platform has had, and maybe if you could flesh out maybe the opportunity in Japan a bit more?
Thomas E. Faust, Jr. - Eaton Vance Corp.: Yes, so the business that we didn't acquire it, but I guess the word would be assumed at the end of January was about $800 million in assets. That asset number has been quite stable over time. The company that group was previously a part of called Oechsle Advisors did not have significant marketing resources and certainly didn't focus those resources on their fixed income team, despite the fact that they have an excellent record, they have a credible team and they're located in a market that's very much focused on fixed income investing. So, we think there is an opportunity there. We've heard that there's at least one opportunity that I know about that's come to my attention where we are responding to an RFP, but we're in the very early days there, we are just a few weeks into our ownership of that group. We think there should be an opportunity, but it's pretty hard to say exactly how big that will be. Somewhat surprisingly, most of the clients' assets for that team are actually in the U.S. So I think they have four current clients they have different institutions in different places, but two of those are in the U.S. and the biggest two clients they have are U.S. based. But it won't be a big contributor, we don't expect, to our organic growth over the balance of this year certainly. But we do think that both that team and the broader benefits to our global income strategy of having a base in Frankfurt on the continent of Europe and also having a sales presence there could and likely will prove valuable to us over time. But we will not be, I don't think, an overnight success in terms of growing the AUM of that business; that's not our expectation at this point anyway. In terms of Japan, I mean, I mentioned last call that I was over there for a couple of weeks back in November. We're certainly in a quite dynamic stage in the growth of our business there. We have approximately $10 billion in Japanese based client assets, continues to grow nicely. A good mix of major institutional assets and smaller type accounts, primarily focused on bank loans, but increasingly other income type strategies are represented in our portfolio there until about a year ago we had only a single investment employee based in Japan. Since then, we've added two more sales and client service oriented professionals with the expectation that, by the end of this year, we'll add probably two or three more in the office that we just opened I think at the end of January. But from the time I was there, it's very clear that Eaton Vance is well known and we're well respected as a credible quality income manager in the Japanese market with a long history of service and performance excellence for clients there, and certainly everybody associated with our efforts in Japan. I think that there we have a real opportunity to grow that business quite meaningfully over the balance of 2018 and really beyond that as we get even better known in the marketplace and as our product menu continues to grow from the initial base, which was almost exclusively bank loans, which we've – for which we've had Japanese based clients for something close to 20 years now.
William Raymond Katz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's great color. And then just a follow-up, Laurie, perhaps help maybe to guide what was the big increase in the share count sequentially, and then you just sort of mentioned your balancing sort of the plans on the other side of (32:21) U.S. tax front. Could you sort of give us a sense of how you're leaning and what's some of the areas where you either reinvest or return to capital might be?
Laurie G. Hylton - Eaton Vance Corp.: Yes, I think in terms of the share count, Bill, the obviously run up in our stock price over the period contributed significantly. Using the treasury stock method, if you have a run up, it's going to increase your diluted share count. So you're seeing that there. We had obviously trended down a little bit in terms of our share repurchases last year. So, in terms of incremental dilution, we had some significant stock option exercises and restricted share vesting, and we were not necessarily offsetting all of that with share repurchases in the course of the year. So those two components combined increased the diluted share count. And in terms of our capital management, I think we like most companies in the industry are spending a lot of time thinking about that. I don't think that we're in a position at this point to lay out any definitive plans, but I will tell you that we'll probably be in a better position next quarter to have a more fulsome conversation about it.
William Raymond Katz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Research US LP: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. We received quite a bit of concern around Parametric's enhanced alpha strategies through the February correction and volatility. So I've a few questions around that. One, how do you feel those strategies performed relative to client expectations? Two, what has been the experience with clients through that period in terms of stickiness of assets? And three, do you feel like the product is more or less marketable now that you have that data point in your back pocket?
Thomas E. Faust, Jr. - Eaton Vance Corp.: So let's just be clear on what is you're asking about, you're talking about the Parametric Emerging Markets strategy?
Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Research US LP: All the enhanced alpha stuff, yeah.
Thomas E. Faust, Jr. - Eaton Vance Corp.: So what you mean by enhanced alpha stuff? So I just want to make sure I answer the right question. You're talking about emerging market equity or are you talking about defensive equity or volatility risk premium strategies?
Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Research US LP: Like the volatility risk premium strategy, I'm sorry.
Thomas E. Faust, Jr. - Eaton Vance Corp.: Yeah, okay so I'll focus on that. So the volatility risk premium strategy or sometimes called defensive equity or there is a mutual fund called Parametric Volatility Risk Premium Defensive Fund, but it's all variations on the same things. This is a strategy that is a volatility selling strategy. It is a hedge strategy in that the base portfolio is half invested in equities and half invested in cash instruments, I think in treasuries, that you can do it different ways. But that's how most of the assets are invested. And the way it's positioned is that you capture volatility risk premium, you're effectively a seller of insurance and capture that premium during periods of volatility like we had in early February. You will see a reduction in returns because you think of this as an insurance selling strategy. And so when there are more fires, there will be more claims to be paid. In this case, that gets reflected in a daily mark of the account assets. Performance was completely in line with expectations given the market environment. This is a rules based strategy. There were and I don't think will ever be significant surprises in how it performs. It's not a leverage strategy. In the worst case, it has an equity beta of 1 or approaching 1. So it's a strategy we like and certainly we have not heard about significant market concerns about how that strategy has performed in this environment. It has performed in line with expectations.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. I guess first on the expense outlook, if you could talk about I guess more on this past quarter the sequential pickup of what was seasonal versus the variable increase and just generally thinking about kind of the margin profile as we kind of look ahead, you gave a couple of the next quarter type of movements around the step-up and step-down around the 401(k) match and things. But just broadly thinking about, given the strength of asset growth through January, how you're thinking about kind of margin profile for next year?
Laurie G. Hylton - Eaton Vance Corp.: Yeah, I think most of the comments we made they were forward-looking related, particularly the compensation and just to be clear, I think that we identified and have identified in the past roughly 40% of our compensation is variable. So that's going to move either in line with what's happening from an operating income perspective or in line with sales in terms of our compensation to our sales team. In terms of our fixed compensation, we've obviously seen some uptick in terms of our head count that drove our base increases and that's going to continue. The things that won't continue or won't continue that we saw in the first quarter would be the roughly $2.5 million of stock-based compensation that I highlighted in my comments and then the offset where we anticipate seeing the uptick in what otherwise would've been a drop off in our 401(k) match in the second quarter. But outside of that, I wouldn't anticipate seeing a lot of other seasonal adjustments on the comp side. I don't think that we're seeing anything significant in terms of the change in our operating model and I therefore would not anticipate seeing any significant moves in our operating margin moving into the next quarter. We always have this sort of downtick in the first quarter associated with these pressures that we've talked about and then we see things start to pick up as we move through the year. I don't see anything coming down the pike that's different. As we talked about, we're thinking about our capital management, may there be some incremental technology spend in the course of the year. There might be but it's not going to be significant in terms of moving the needle, in terms of our overall operating structure.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Got it. And then just as a follow-up, Tom, you mentioned a number of key funds coming online for next years on the UBS platform. Can you maybe quantify that and think about or help us think about framing what that kind of opportunity could be over the next kind of 12 months?
Thomas E. Faust, Jr. - Eaton Vance Corp.: Yeah, I certainly don't have numbers to share because we don't have any clear idea on how this is going to go. There are really two constraints on the growth of NextShares at UBS. One that I talked about is the one about products getting through their due diligence process and we think we're on the verge of a significantly – being in a significantly better position, meaning that several of the key strategies that we have strong hopes for in terms of sales potential. We expect to clear that due diligence process over the next month and that includes the Parametric floating rate strategy, I believe the – sorry, the Eaton Vance Floating Rate strategy. The Eaton Vance Oaktree Diversified Credit strategy, there's a Hartford Global Impact strategy that is managed by Wellington, that I know Hartford is pretty excited about and will be putting up some considerable market resources behind. So those are – we know those are close and we think that those products, plus things already available already through due diligence will be sufficient to get our sales force talking about NextShares and to get the sales force of Hartford and other firms that have NextShares represented, to have this be a key part of their focus within UBS and then we should see some sales results. In all cases, where a NextShares fund is offered alongside a similar strategy, the NextShares fund is less expensive both in terms of its expense ratio and in terms of its expected non-expense ratio, operating costs, so we expect to see better performance. Over time, we expect to see improved tax results of operating as exchange traded funds. So we think there's lots of reason for optimism, but it hasn't happened yet. The other thing that needs to happen to get a broader access at UBS and then ultimately to other places, within UBS today, we have access to the brokerage platform and one advisory program called Strategic Advisor. We do not have access to everything they do and that's for a technology reason. UBS is in middle of a pretty major technology upgrade where they're bringing in a new frontend system for their advisory platforms, and we have to fit the introduction of NextShares into the timing of that. And as that makes progress across UBS over the course of this year and as enhancements are made to that platform to incorporate NextShares, that further opens up the sales opportunity. But we're encouraged by our sales force's energy and enthusiasm and optimism that we can be successful here. We know other organizations similarly have sales forces that are very eager to get into UBS and start talking about NextShares. But as of this moment, we really don't have a lot to show for it, other than a lot of energy and a lot of excitement and a growing list of products that we think when you get in front of the right advisor and the right client, will prove to be quite compelling when offered as NextShares.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Carrier with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Michael Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, thanks. Just a question on the flows, Tom, you mentioned, just how Eaton Vance is positioned in a rising rate backdrop and some of the products that are well-positioned. Just on the tax reform, any products that maybe you have seen demand, any shift there, I guess on a personal side the changes aren't as significant as the corporate side, but could you just – any change that you expect in some of the products that are tax efficient?
Thomas E. Faust, Jr. - Eaton Vance Corp.: Yes, I think it's a little hard to say. I mean one thing that we speculated about during the quarter I think is probably everyone on the call is aware that, during November and December there was a proposal that would have – that was included in the Senate version of the bill that would have forced the use of FIFO, would have taken away taxpayers' ability to use so-called identified tax lot method and selecting the securities. And as people may know, that's an important part of the service offering of Parametric's Custom Core and related products offered by competitors, where you're trying to achieve returns that match a prescribed benchmark, but to exceed the returns on an after-tax basis through tax laws harvesting and other ongoing tax management techniques. We don't know this for a fact and can't confirm this, but we suspect that during the first quarter, our first fiscal quarter that is November-December period that there was a bit of a chilling of the market for those kinds of things just because there was so much focus and so much energy devoted to trying to figure out what was going to happen with the tax law and what that it implied for our clients and how these things would work, if the ability to use identified tax lot method went away. So one thing that we do see and that we can see it – we do expect and we see this somewhat in the numbers that we should see a month-to-month improvement in that business versus what we saw in the last couple of months of the year. We certainly saw an improving trend, January versus November and December in Parametric Custom Core, and also just for February that we've seen to-date that same trend has continued. So short-term, a positive tax reform in the way it turned out is taking away the uncertainty about whether or not this FIFO method was going to be required going forward. So that's the very short-term. Maybe on the longer term, I think the issue that perhaps you're focusing on is that, for high-income taxpayers in let's say coastal areas, certainly California and New York state, New York City as examples, tax rates didn't go down, they actually went up and that reflects both modest decreases in the top federal rate but importantly the loss of the federal deduction for state taxes paid or at least a limit on that. And we think over time, that will produce more demand for tax-managed equity strategies and also more demand for municipal income strategies in those markets. So we think investors are starting to figure this out. People tend to get most focused on taxes as we approach April 15 and certainly, we're using this time of year and the fact that there has been a change in the tax law as a catalyst to get in front of advisors to help them get their clients positioned appropriately for the new tax environment as it now exists. And historically, times of tax change almost regardless of the direction of change has been good for tax management and tax managed strategies, simply because it moves to the top of the mind of advisors and clients and changes in the tax law create new opportunities for potential tweaks to strategies that clients can use to enhance their returns.
Michael Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good, that's helpful. And I just have a quick follow-up on Calvert. The progress there has been has been good. Just on, when we think about the growth going forward in the product offering, is it more demand by clients picking up as we see more and more interest in ESG, or is there more that you guys can be doing or are doing on the distribution front in terms of getting those products on platforms or new product offerings?
Thomas E. Faust, Jr. - Eaton Vance Corp.: Yes, of course, those two are related. At firms where there is a major push relating to responsible investing, naturally it becomes easier to get strategies and funds onto platforms, so that has been a help, and we have seen some improvement there. I would say there may be three drivers of the growth of Calvert over the last year. The two you mentioned, which is general growing awareness and enthusiasm for responsible investing, that's one. Two, bringing the distribution resources of Eaton Vance to bear supporting Calvert. The third would be the investment performance component, which is that we have a number of high performing top rated funds under the Calvert banner, and that – as their performance has been strong, that drives flows in the same way that it does in other parts of the market. Perhaps there's somewhat less sensitivity among responsible investors to performance, but still performance matters in this space, and to the extent we have strong performance that affects flows. In fact, the top selling Calvert strategy has been their Emerging Markets Equity strategy, which no surprise it's been a very strong performer both in an absolute sense because emerging markets have been strong, but also particularly strong on a relative basis with a five-star rating by Morningstar. So we think we've got a long way to go. There are many opportunities, many different ways to apply Calvert's expertise in evaluating investments from an ESG perspective, their reputation as a leading brand and thought leader in this space. You may have seen a Barron's cover story two or three weeks ago that was ranking the 100 most responsible companies among public companies in the U.S. As noted in that article, that was all based on research done by Calvert. And so, there are – and also there was an article in Barron's this past week about different investors thinking differently about having gun manufacturers represented in their portfolios. The quote in that is from John Streur, CEO of Calvert. So they're very much – Calvert is very much in the conversation about responsible investing issues whether those be environmental issues, social issues or governance issues. And as these become increasingly important to a broader range of investors in the U.S., as they've long been in Europe, we expect that the value of this franchise for us to only grow.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Hi, folks. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just to make sure I heard this correct on the tax reform side, I think Laurie did you say or maybe just reiterate the tax rate guidance for fiscal 2019, and then I think you said the impact of the stock option expensing is not in that tax rate and will be adjusted out, is that correct?
Laurie G. Hylton - Eaton Vance Corp.: Correct. So, yes, we gave the guidance for 2019 at roughly 25% to 25.5%, and that's taking out all the noise associated with the fact that this year we obviously only got 0.833% of the benefit of the tax reform, because of our fiscal year. And when we are going to be presenting our earnings and will also get the same reconciliation for our effective tax rate. Those – the number that I gave for next year for the 25% to 25.5% excludes any anticipated impact of the stock-based compensation in the new accounting guidance.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you, great.
Thomas E. Faust, Jr. - Eaton Vance Corp.: So, Brian, we made the decision to exclude those adjustments in tax rate related to this new accounting guidance requiring these tax adjusted related to stock-based compensation plans to go through the income statement, probably for the reason that you're focusing on, which is both for modeling purposes and in terms of really thinking about the company's performance on a current basis, it's very hard to think about that as a measure of our current performance. What drives that in the short run is how does our stock do and how many employees choose to exercise options during a period, neither of which relates particularly to at least as I think about fundamentally how the business is doing. So we think we treat that both in the first quarter and planned on an ongoing basis as an adjustment to GAAP earnings. And then also, anything we're projecting in terms of future tax rates as Laurie said is backing that out or ignoring that both because we're not including it in adjusted earnings, but maybe more importantly because we don't really have any way of predicting either where our stock price is going to go or the rate at which employees are going to be exercising options. So it's kind of a necessary exclusion.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, that makes sense. And just I guess philosophically, I know you're still working on the game plan for what to do from the incremental contribution from tax reform. But I guess philosophically if we continue to have a mid-single digit through a better type of organic fee revenue growth with say normal market returns, should we still be thinking of the operating margin outlook as one that's benefiting from scaling the business, and so continuous operating margin improvement on an annual basis? And if I could squeeze one more in there, just the driver of the alternative fee rate increase, was that all from Global Macro Absolute Return?
Laurie G. Hylton - Eaton Vance Corp.: Probably the easiest to answer is the second question, which is yes. It was Global Macro...
Thomas E. Faust, Jr. - Eaton Vance Corp.: Yeah, that category is very dominated by that one strategy.
Laurie G. Hylton - Eaton Vance Corp.: Yeah.
Thomas E. Faust, Jr. - Eaton Vance Corp.: And Global Macro Absolute Return Advantage is the higher fee relative to the category average.
Laurie G. Hylton - Eaton Vance Corp.: Right. And I think in terms of operating margin, I think we continue to have this conversation obviously, but we do believe that there is opportunity for margin expansion over time. I think it's just a function quite frankly of what our product mix looks like and ultimately what is happening with the business in terms of sales. And we've got quality problems when we had periods of high sales that drives up our incentive compensation. But I think – at this point, we are not anticipating any seismic shift in the way that we think about our operating model. So I wouldn't say that I would give you any guidance and we would see any significant changes.
Thomas E. Faust, Jr. - Eaton Vance Corp.: But as I understand the question, I think there's a – you're trying to relate the tax law changes to operating margins or – and I think maybe under that is are we expecting to spend away a lot of the tax benefit which would have an adverse effect on margins, or do we expect to see that competed away, that benefit of the tax or tax rate to be competed away, I suppose in a way that would hurt our revenues rather than our expenses. But we are certainly not expecting to see a lot of increases in expenses for the reason that our taxes went down. Laurie did mention an increase in employee benefit, which is our annual employee matching, which is a relatively small item, but meaningful to our employees and also marginally meaningful in terms of our overall cost structure. No doubt there will be other things that we'll be doing, but I don't think we will be relating decisions we make about technology or other spending items to the fact that we're paying lower tax rate on our earnings in the U.S. going forward. And in terms of the market impact of this, we're already in a quite competitive business with certainly ongoing fee pressures, but I would say that incrementally there are significant numbers of players in our business that do not see a meaningful cut in their tax rate. Not everyone that manages assets is a corporate tax payer, which is of course a lot of where the benefit of the U.S. tax increase – U.S. tax cut fell. We were in a position to benefit more than most for the reason that we paid a higher tax rate and had more of our earnings in the U.S. than most of our competitors. But again, I don't think people will be cutting fees or becoming more aggressive in their competitive posture, simply because the tax rate in the U.S. went down. That might happen, but I don't think it will be for the reason that the tax rates are now lower than they were last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Shutler with William Blair. Your line is open.
Chris Charles Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi, guys, good afternoon. Just one quick one, thinking about M&A, please give us an update on your appetite right now to bring on new franchises, what asset classes, geographies are of interest, if any, and just any sense whether getting past tax reform with a little more market volatility here early this year, whether that's driving more sellers to explore other options? Thanks.
Thomas E. Faust, Jr. - Eaton Vance Corp.: Yeah, so we're active in monitoring the acquisition market. I wouldn't say we're active in the acquisition market. Laurie and I field phone calls from investment bankers on a pretty regular basis. It feels like it's perhaps more of a seller's market than a buyer's market today, just based on what we hear as valuations on things that are out there. Thinking of ourselves more as a value buyer, that makes it perhaps less likely rather than more likely that we'll be stepping into major transactions this year. But we do monitor closely things that are happening. There are things that we've expressed interest in that invariably are going to go to other bidders that are perhaps willing to put a higher valuation or bid more aggressively or have more optimistic assumptions than we do. I think that's the way it should work. Acquisitions should go to the acquirer that provides the best fit and is willing to provide the highest valuation, in some cases, that will be in Vance. But in many cases, it will not be. So we look – we kick the tires a lot. Particular things that are interesting to us, we articulate our strategic priorities as including the one probably that fits best with an acquisition strategy is growing outside the United States, growing our global footprint. We're still, despite the accelerated growth we've seen in the last couple of years outside the United States, it still represents only about 7% of our revenues. So with the right cultural fit and at the right price, we would be interested in potentially doing an acquisition outside the United States. In terms of things here or specific asset classes, I don't – we don't feel like we have huge holes in our lineup. But certainly, we're interested in extending our reach into areas where we think we can compete effectively in investment strategies where we view alpha potential and also where we see a fit with our distribution capabilities and also with our investment culture. So we look, we talk and we certainly feel like we have the resources to be a significant player in this. And we talked about the financial flexibility we have as a result of our large cash and near cash position and our borrowing capabilities certainly. But we're not going to use that on a deal that we feel doesn't make sense for Eaton Vance.
Chris Charles Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC: All right, thanks Tom.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good afternoon now. In the past, you've been skeptical of nontransparent ETFs getting approval. I guess are you still skeptical and if the nontransparent ETFs are approved, to what extent do you think there will be effective competitors given the challenges you saw securing ETMF distribution and getting people kind of comfortable with the new structure?
Thomas E. Faust, Jr. - Eaton Vance Corp.: Yes, thanks, Ken. I continue to be skeptical that some or all of the ideas that have been put before the SEC are ultimately approvable. And then beyond that, I'm skeptical that they will be widely applicable across asset classes. To my knowledge, essentially all of the proposals if not all the proposals are focused on U.S. equities. That's potentially a big market, but there are lots of other things outside of U.S. equities. But, there are a lot of issues for the SEC to consider not only how these things will trade, but more broadly are they successful in protecting the confidentiality of funds portfolio information, which is a key objective of these types of funds, and do they raise other securities law and related issues. So, yes, I continue to be skeptical that there will be broad approval of so-called nontransparent active ETFs.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great, thanks. And just quickly on Hexavest, you decided or noted to not exercise the option to buy more. Is Hexavest sort of now perpetually going to be a minority investment or is there opportunities in the future to kind of to reassess and maybe buy a greater stake?
Thomas E. Faust, Jr. - Eaton Vance Corp.: Perpetually that seems like a long time to commit ourselves to, but there is – we have no option. This was a one-time option. We very much like our investment in Hexavest. But one of the things we like about it is the current ownership and governance model in which management, the people that run the company, the people that run the investment process, they own 51% and we own 49%. We are the distribution partner in all markets outside the United States. They distribute in Canada. They run the money. To us it seems like a better match after a lot of thought is for the team there to own 51% and us to own 49%. So that's where we've been. It's worked well. The business has grown under that structure. We like the way it works from a governance standpoint. And after much consideration, we concluded that we wanted to stay at 51%/49% as opposed to us move moving to a 75% position which was our option.
Operator: And this concludes the Q&A session for the conference. I'd now like to turn it back to Dan Cataldo for closing remarks.
Daniel C. Cataldo - Eaton Vance Corp.: Great, thank you all for joining us this morning. We appreciate your ongoing interest in Eaton Vance, and look forward to reporting back to you towards the end of May. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-11-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Cataldo - Treasurer Tom Faust - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Laurie Hylton - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Robert Lee - KBW Bill Katz - Citigroup Michael Carrier - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Chris Shutler - William Blair Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Research Dan Fannon - Jefferies Ari Ghosh - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jody and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Eaton Vance Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Dan Cataldo, Treasurer, you may begin your conference.
Dan Cataldo: Thank you and good morning and welcome to our fiscal 2017 fourth quarter earnings call and webcast. Here this morning are Tom Faust, Chairman and CEO of Eaton Vance and Laurie Hylton, our CFO. We will first comment on the quarter and then take your questions. The full earnings release and charts we will refer to during the call are available on our website eatonvance.com under the heading Press Releases. Today’s presentation contains forward-looking statements about our business and financial results. The actual results may differ materially from those projected due to risks and uncertainties in our business, including but not limited to those discussed in the company’s SEC filings. These filings, including our 2016 annual report on Form 10-K are available on our website or upon request at no charge. I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Faust: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today, we are reporting adjusted earnings per diluted share of $2.48 for the fiscal year ended October 31, which is up 16% from $2.13 in fiscal 2016. For the fourth quarter, we are reporting $0.70 of adjusted earnings per diluted share, that’s up 23% from $0.57 in the fourth quarter of last year and up 13% from $0.62 in this year’s third quarter. We finished fiscal 2017 with record managed assets, record annual net inflows and a record quarterly earnings rate, all-in-all, a very strong year. One of the most notable events of our fiscal 2017 was the acquisition in December of the assets of the former Calvert Investments and the addition of the Calvert funds to Eaton Vance. The Calvert funds are one of the largest and most diversified families of responsibly invested mutual funds, encompassing actively and passively managed equity, fixed income and asset allocation strategies, all managed in accordance with the Calvert principles for Responsible Investing. Responsible Investing continues to be a leading trend in asset management, appealing to the growing universe of investors who seek both financial returns and positive societal impact from their investments. At the time we acquired Calvert, I talked about the opportunity we saw to apply Eaton Vance’s management and distribution resources to help Calvert become a larger and more impactful company. Now, almost 11 months later, we are on the road to doing that and more excited than ever to have Calvert as part of Eaton Vance. Although many growth opportunities are yet to be realized, Calvert is already starting to contribute positively to our net flows. Total managed assets of our Calvert research and management subsidiary, including amounts sub-advised by other Eaton Vance affiliates, increased from $12 billion at acquisition to $12.9 billion at fiscal year end. We finished fiscal 2017 with consolidated assets under management of $422.3 billion, up 26% from 12 months earlier. The $37.8 billion of consolidated net inflows we had in the fiscal year represents 11% internal growth in managed assets and exceeds our previous high annual inflows by a wide margin. Excluding our lower fee exposure management business, net inflows for the year were $26.4 billion, equating to 10% internal AUM growth. As we have mentioned in recent quarters, while net flows and internal growth in managed assets are customary measures of an asset manager’s organic growth, we find it increasingly important to understand and track internal growth in management fee revenue. Organic revenue growth, as we define it, is the change in the run-rate management fee revenue resulting from net inflows and outflows taking into account the net fee rate applicable to each dollar in and out. Like in the calculation of organic AUM growth, the impact of market action and M&A are excluded. Calculated on this basis, our organic revenue growth was 7% for fiscal 2017 and 5% in the fourth quarter, which was our seventh consecutive quarter of positive organic revenue results. Although peer managers typically don’t disclose their organic revenue growth numbers, we suspect our numbers are – our results on this measure would rank among the highest in the industry. A key to Eaton Vance’s success in fiscal 2017 has been our ability to grow our higher fee actively managed business, while continuing the accelerated build-out of lower fee more passive businesses, our active investment strategies, which include a wide range of equity, fixed and floating rate income and alternative mandates, had net flows of $9.4 billion for the year, a very respectable 5% organic growth in managed assets. Growth in actively managed strategies was complemented by strong growth in passive mandates, which include Parametric’s portfolio implementation and exposure management businesses Eaton Vance Management’s laddered income separate accounts and Calvert index funds. Collectively, these strategies grew managed assets at an 18% internal growth rate for the fiscal year. Turning to the fourth quarter, our net inflows of $8 billion reflect positive results for every investment category, except equity which turned negative after net inflows in the second and third quarters. Within equity, strong net inflows into the Parametric defensive equity strategy and positive contributions from Eaton Vance large cap growth and Calvert emerging market strategies were more than offset by $1.8 billion in combined net outflows from Parametric emerging markets and Eaton Vance large-cap value. Both of these strategies experienced a large single client or single platform redemptions during the quarter, accounting for much of these strategy’s negative flow results for the quarter. Fourth quarter net inflows into fixed income of $2.1 billion were largely driven by $1.5 billion of net inflows into municipal and corporate bond laddered separate accounts. Also contributing positively to fourth quarter fixed income flows were high yield, managed municipals and our top performing emerging market local debt strategies. Our floating rate bank loan business generated net inflows of just over $400 million in the fourth quarter, with U.S. retail demand for floating rate products having slowed over the past couple of quarters, fourth quarter growth in our bank loan business was driven by demand from clients outside the United States, which now account for about 25% of our bank loan business. The diversity of our client base in this segment is a stabilizing influence on quarterly flow patterns. Net inflows into our alternatives category remained strong at almost $700 million for the fourth quarter, driven by growth in our global macro absolute return franchise. Global macro continues to gain traction as a result of a strong performance record over multiple periods, low volatility and low correlation to traditional income in equity markets. Portfolio implementation had quarterly net inflows of $2 billion driven by continued strong growth in Parametric Custom Core equity separate accounts offered to retail and high net worth investors. A key component of our custom beta product set managed assets in this business grew from $32.6 billion at the beginning of the fiscal year to over $50 billion on October 31. As we have mentioned in prior calls, we frequently market Parametric Custom Core strategies in conjunction with Eaton Vance municipal and corporate bond ladders and refer to the combined offering as custom beta. As can be seen on Page 17 of the call slides, our total managed assets in custom beta strategies offered as retail and high net worth separate accounts is now $68 billion, up 57% from the beginning of the fiscal year. These market leading offerings combined the benefits of passive investing with the ability to customize portfolio to meet individual preferences and needs. Our final mandate reporting category, exposure management, had net inflows of $3 billion in the fourth quarter. Exposure management is a Parametric business offering primarily futures based overlay strategies to institutional investors so they can add, remove or hedge market exposures within their portfolios in a transparent, efficient and highly customized manner without disrupting their underlying investment holdings. At an average fee rate of 5 basis points, this is our lowest fee business, but a leading growth contributor. Since entering this business through the acquisition of the former Clifton Group at the end of 2012, we have grown our exposure management AUM at a rate of 23% annually. Turning to investment performance, our story remains strong. At the end of October, we had 68 funds with overall Morningstar ratings of 4 or 5 stars for at least 1 class of shares, including 30 5-star rated funds. As measured by total return, at October 31, around 50% of our fund assets ranked in the top quartile of their Morningstar peer groups over 3 and 5 years and 75% of assets ranked above median. And presenting at an investor conference last week, I outlined Eaton Vance’s most important strategic priorities heading into fiscal 2018. The list hasn’t changed much from last year, but that shouldn’t be a surprise, consistency and continuity have long been hallmarks of Eaton Vance. As described last week, our major priorities are first, capitalizing on our investment performance leadership and distribution strengths to grow sales and gain market share and active strategies. Second, extending the success that we have had with our custom beta lineup of rules-based separately managed account products. Third, leveraging our Calvert acquisition to lead the growth of Responsible Investing. Fourth, becoming a more global company by building our investment and distribution capabilities outside the United States. And fifth, positioning NextShares to become the vehicle of choice for investors and actively managed funds in the U.S. I have already touched on the first three initiatives, but let me update you on the last two, our global expansion in NextShares. While still a small part of our business, our international footprint is expanding significantly. In addition to owning 49% of Montreal-based global equity manager, Hexavest, we operate internationally from offices in London, Sydney, Singapore and a new location this year in Tokyo. In London, we now have a staff of nearly 50 people, up from just a handful 2 years ago. I am pleased to report that our increased focus on growing our international business is beginning to pay off. In the fiscal year, assets managed for non-U.S. clients contributed over $5 billion to the company’s consolidated net inflows, equating to 30% internal growth in managed assets. Leading contributors to this year’s international growth include bank loans and exposure management. Still representing less than 6% of managed assets, we see lots of room to run for additional growth outside the U.S. On NextShares, I suspect everyone on the call knows by now that this is a new type of fund vehicle, first launched in early 2016, combining proprietary active management with the conveniences and potential performance and tax advantages of exchange traded products. Our NextShares subsidiary holds patents and other intellectual property rights related to NextShares and is seeking to commercialize NextShares by entering into licensing and service agreements with fund companies. To-date, 16 fund companies have entered into preliminary or final NextShares agreements. Last week, we announced the launch of what becomes the ninth NextShares fund, joining 3 Eaton Vance, 3 Waddell & Reed and 2 Gabelli NextShares offerings already in the market. The new Eaton Vance Oaktree Diversified Credit NextShares fund provides access in an exchange traded structure to the Oaktree diversified credit strategy, which is not otherwise available to retail investors. In other major NextShares news, UBS and NextShares Solutions issued a joint press release yesterday, announcing that NextShares are now available to UBS’ network of 7,100 U.S. financial advisers through the UBS brokerage and strategic adviser programs. With this announcement, UBS becomes the first full service wealth manager to offer NextShares through its financial advisers. The launch of NextShares at UBS brings NextShares to a large audience of financial advisers and their clients and for the first time, provides our distribution team a significant opportunity to promote the NextShares funds we manage. Now, that we have UBS as the major distribution partner, we expect the number of NextShares funds to be introduced by Eaton Vance and other sponsors to ramp up over the coming weeks and months. There are currently about 15 NextShares funds from various sponsors in the registration process. With the Oaktree diversified credit strategy now available in a NextShares’ format and UBS engaged as a major distribution partner, the next few months promise to be very interesting on the NextShares front. As it has been throughout our long involvement in this initiative, our goal remains to position NextShares to become the fund vehicle of choice for active strategies and to use this innovation to help address the competitive imbalance that now exists between active and passive funds. Before I close, I would like to comment briefly on the tax reform initiative now underway in Washington. Eaton Vance has long supported the goals of tax reform to adopt the simpler, fairer tax code that enhances the global competitiveness of U.S. business and promotes faster U.S. economic growth. Few companies would benefit more than Eaton Vance from the lowering of the U.S. corporate tax rate to 20% as proposed in both the House and Senate bills. One provision of the Senate, but not the House bill that we don’t support and are working to combat is the small revenue raise that scored at $2.4 billion over 10 years that would generally require taxpayers other than regulated investment companies to determine the cost basis of the securities they sell, gift or otherwise dispose of on a first-in, first-out basis. Effective for dispositions on or after January 1, 2018, non-RIC investor could no longer select specific shared lots when they dispose of securities unless they hold multiple positions. Eaton Vance is among the large number of securities firms working to prevent this provision from becoming law. In our view, adopting mandatory FIFO would be bad for investors, bad for our markets and ultimately bad for the U.S. economy, inflicting harm far out of proportion to the provision small contribution to paying for tax reform. Plus, implementation would be an administrative nightmare that we don’t see how it can be accomplished by the proposed effective date of January 2018. If enacted, the mandatory FIFO provision would affect Eaton Vance’s business by complicating the management of non-RIC assets for after-tax returns, including the Parametric Custom Core franchise. Since the Senate proposal first came to light 12 days ago the Parametric Research team has been feverishly evaluating the potential impact of mandatory FIFO on their tax managed strategies. While it would certainly change certain aspects of how they build and manage client portfolios, the research to-date shows that substantial tax alpha could still be achieved if FIFO is required. As the legislative process for tax reform plays out over the coming weeks, we will be working both to help ensure that mandatory FIFO does not become law and to prepare our business for the possibility that it does. That concludes my remarks. And I will now turn the call over to Laurie.
Laurie Hylton: Thank you and good morning. As Tom mentioned, we are reporting adjusted earnings per diluted share of $2.48 for fiscal 2017, an increase of 16% from $2.13 adjusted earnings per diluted share in the prior fiscal year. On a GAAP basis, we earned $2.42 per diluted share in fiscal 2017 and $2.12 per diluted share in fiscal 2016. As you can see in Attachment 2 to our press release, adjusted earnings differed from GAAP earnings in fiscal 2017 by $0.06 per diluted share to reflect $5.4 million of debt extinguishment costs associated with the May 2017 retirement of $250 million of senior notes due in October 2017. $3.5 million of structuring fees paid in connection with our July closed end fund initial public offering and $0.5 million to reflect increases in the estimated redemption value of non-controlling interest in our affiliates redeemable at other than fair value. Adjusted earnings differed from GAAP earnings in fiscal 2016 by $0.01 per diluted share to reflect $2.3 million of structuring fees paid in connection with our May 2016 closed-end fund IPO. Adjusted operating income, which excludes the impact of closed-end fund structuring fees paid, increased by 17% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating margin was 32% in fiscal 2017 versus 31% in fiscal 2016. Tom mentioned we are reporting record quarterly adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.70 for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017. That’s an increase of 23% from $0.57 in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 and up 13% from $0.62 in the third quarter of fiscal 2017. Adjusted earnings differed from GAAP earnings in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 by $0.01 per diluted share to reflect increases in redemption value of non-controlling interest and affiliates redeemable at other than fair value. Adjusted earnings per diluted share matched GAAP earnings in the fourth quarter fiscal 2016. Adjusted earnings differed from GAAP earnings by $0.04 per diluted share in the third quarter fiscal 2017 to reflect the earlier referenced debt extinguishment costs and closed end fund structuring fees paid this fiscal year. Excluding closed end fund structuring fees paid, our fourth quarter adjusted operating income increased by 25% from the fourth quarter fiscal 2016 and 11% sequentially. Our adjusted operating margin was 34.1% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 versus 32% and 31.6% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 and the third quarter of fiscal 2017 respectively. Tom mentioned it was a record year for us in terms of managed assets. Ending consolidated managed assets climbed to a record $422.3 billion at October 31, 2017, an increase of 26% from the end of fiscal 2016, reflecting record annual net inflows, favorable markets and the impact of the Calvert acquisition at the end of calendar 2016. Ending consolidated managed assets increased 4% from the prior quarter end primarily driven by strong net flows and positive market returns. Average managed assets in fiscal 2017 increased 19% in comparison to the prior fiscal year, generating a 14% increase in revenue. Revenue growth trailed growth in average managed assets during the fiscal year due to a decline in our average managed fee rate from 35.8 basis points in fiscal 2016 to 34.5 basis points in fiscal 2017. This decline in our average management fee rate is primarily attributable to the ongoing shift in our business mix as lower fee exposure management, portfolio implementation and bond ladder businesses have become a larger percentage of our assets under management. Performance fees which are excluded from the calculation of our average fee rates, contributed $400,000 in fiscal 2017 and $3.4 million in fiscal 2016. Comparing fourth quarter results to the same quarter last year, 22% growth in average managed assets drove a 17% increase in revenue. Sequentially, average managed assets increased 5%, driving revenue growth to 3%. Our average annualized management fee rate was 33.9 basis points in the fourth quarter fiscal 2017, down 3% from 35 basis points in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, and down 1% from 34.2 basis points in the third quarter fiscal 2017. Although strong flows into our lower fee strategies continue, net inflows into higher fee strategies helped to mitigate the overall fee rate decline. Performance fees reduced earnings by $300,000 in the fourth quarter fiscal 2017 and contributed $600,000 and $500,000 to earnings in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 and third quarter fiscal 2017, respectively. As Tom noted, we realized 7% internal growth in management fees and 11% internal growth in managed assets in fiscal 2017. This represents a significant improvement from fiscal 2016 when we realized 1% internal growth in management fees on 6% internal growth in managed assets. We are pleased to see asset growth translating into demonstrable revenue growth and are optimistic about our ability to continue to build on this momentum in the next fiscal year. Fiscal 2017 consolidated revenues were the highest in company history. In the fourth quarter fiscal 2017, we realized 5% annualized internal growth in management fees on 8% annualized internal growth in managed assets. This represents a significant improvement over the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 when we realized 2% annualized internal growth in management fees on 6% annualized internal growth in managed assets. The spread between management fee and AUM growth rates in this year’s fourth quarter matched the preceding quarter when we generated 6% annualized internal growth in management fees on 9% annualized internal growth in managed assets. Turning to expenses. Compensation expense increased by 13% in fiscal 2017, primarily reflecting higher sales-based incentive accruals driven by strong product sales, higher operating income-based bonus accruals driven by increased profitably, higher salaries and benefits associated with increases in headcount, partly in connection with the Calvert acquisition, and higher stock-based compensation. As a percentage of revenue, compensation expense decreased to 36% in fiscal 2017 from 37% in fiscal 2016. Even with continuing revenue growth, we anticipate that compensation as a percentage of revenue will stay in the 36% range in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, given seasonal pressures associated with payroll tax clock resets, 401(k) funding, year-end base salary increases and stock-based compensation acceleration associated with employee retirement. Controlling our compensation costs and other discretionary spending remains top of mind as we move into the new fiscal year. Non-compensation distribution-related costs, including distribution and service fee expenses and the amortization of deferred sales commissions, increased 13% in fiscal 2017, reflecting an increase in closed-end fund structuring fees and higher marketing and distribution-related costs, primarily driven by higher average managed assets and the addition of the Calvert funds acquired at the end of calendar 2016. Backing out closed-end fund structuring fees paid, which we do in calculating adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per diluted share, our non-compensation distribution-related costs in fiscal 2017 were up 12%. Fourth quarter distribution-related expenses were up 12% year-over-year and down 6%, sequentially. Fund-related expenses increased 36% in fiscal 2017, primarily reflecting increases in sub-advisory fees paid and higher fund subsidies associated with the addition of the Calvert funds, increases in fund expenses born by the company on funds for which we earn an all-in fee and $1.9 million in onetime reimbursements made to the funds by the company during the third quarter fiscal 2017. Other operating expenses were up 7% in fiscal 2017, primarily reflecting increases in travel, communications, professional services, other corporate expenses and information technology spending. In terms of specific initiatives spending, expenses related to Next Shares totaled approximately $7.4 million in fiscal 2017 versus approximately $8 million in fiscal 2016. We continue to spend approximately $2 million per quarter in connection with our NextShares initiative. Net gains and other investment income on seed capital investments contributed $0.01 to earnings per diluted share in each of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, the fourth quarter fiscal 2016 and the third quarter fiscal 2017. When quantifying the impact of our seed capital investments on earnings each quarter, we take into consideration our pro rata share of the gains, losses and other investment income earned on investments in sponsored products, whether accounted for as consolidated funds, separate accounts or equity method investments, as well as the gains and losses recognized on derivatives used to hedge these investments. We then report the per share impact, net of income taxes and net income attributable to non-controlling interest. We continue to hedge the market exposures of our seed capital portfolio to the extent practicable to minimize the associated earnings volatility. Our effective tax rate was 36.5% for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, 39% for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, and 36.9% for the third quarter fiscal 2017. Excluding the effect of consolidated CLO entity earnings and losses allocated to other beneficial interest holders in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, our effective tax rate would have been 38.3% for the quarter. So among the highest tax rate of corporate taxpayers worldwide, Eaton Vance would be a major beneficiary if efforts in Washington to lower the U.S. corporate tax rate to 20% proved to be successful. In April, we issued $300 million of new 3.5% 10-year senior notes and issued a redemption notice for our $250 million of 6.5% senior notes due in October 2017. On a net basis, these transactions result in an annual reduction in our interest expense of approximately $5.8 million. In other capital management activities, we repurchased 549,000 shares of nonvoting common stock for approximately $26 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017. Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding increased by 2% during the fiscal year from $114 million on October 31, 2016, to $116.4 million on October 31, 2017. We finished our fourth fiscal quarter holding $824.4 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term debt securities and approximately $336.9 million in seed capital investments. This past August, the company invested $18.8 million in a new warehouse-stage CLO entity that we began consolidating in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017. Our total outstanding debt at the end of fiscal 2017 consists of the $300 million of 3.5% senior notes issued earlier this year and $325 million of 3.65% senior notes due in 2023. We also have a $300 million credit facility, which is currently undrawn. It’s worth mentioning that different from what our balance sheet may suggest, we did not increased our seed capital portfolio significantly during fiscal 2017. The increase in investment shown on our balance sheet is largely offset by an increase in redeemable non-controlling interest, reflecting the impact of new consolidation guidance adopted during the first quarter of fiscal 2017 that necessitates the consolidation of a greater number of funds in our seed capital portfolio at lower levels of ownership. As a final note, I would observe that Eaton Vance continues to operate at high levels of profitability while maintaining significant financial flexibility, even as we support strong business growth. Looking forward to the next fiscal year, based on what we see today, we expect earnings comparisons to benefit from growth in revenue driven by higher average assets under management. If tax results if tax reform results in lower taxes in our fiscal 2018 U.S. income, after-tax results will be further enhanced. These remain good times for Eaton Vance. This concludes our prepared comments. And at this point, we would like to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Brian Bedell: Hi good morning. Thanks very much. Maybe, Tom, you talked about the FIFO, both on the Senate side, and thanks for the color on Parametric’s initial stake on it. Is there any sense of what portion of the tax alpha that Parametric has historically generated is coming from, choosing the timing of the securities? Realize that, that might be a difficult thing to answer but just to get a sense of what type of impact they could have on the historical tax alpha if that is implemented?
Tom Faust: Yes, I don’t - thanks for the question, Brian, I don’t know that and I think it might be a hard thing to quantify in total. Obviously, it’s going to vary a lot by circumstances of an individual account. Paul Bouchey is the Head of Research at Parametric. And I have been in touch with him and with Brian Langstraat, who runs Parametric, over the last couple of weeks as this issue has been out there. And they have been doing as I said in my remarks, they have been doing a lot of work. I’m looking at the ability in a mandatory FIFO regime if that’s what happens, to generate tax alpha. And there, I would say that the results, as reported last night by Paul, are quite encouraging, that you can get to essentially comparable levels of tax alpha, but you have to do it in a somewhat different manner. Essentially, what you want to avoid is having a single security purchased at multiple different price points. So I think that means, generally, as you build out your portfolio over time, you are adding new positions as opposed to adding different layers to existing positions. So you have to you got to think about it more, the way you build portfolio will be different. I think one of our challenges is, if this becomes a law, the proposed effective [date] [ph] is about 5 or 6 weeks from now, so there may be some planning that needs to be implemented before this takes effect. And certainly, there will potentially be some changes in algorithms to be affected so that the new way of operating is reflective of this rule, of this information if it comes through. I would say there is a potential positive for perhaps significant in there for their Custom Core business in that and tax reform and that it’s looking like for higher-income investors, federal rates will be probably flat, but the effective rates, including the state tax is net of federal deductions, in places like California, New York, Massachusetts and Connecticut, places that have relatively high state taxes, then that tax rate doesn’t go down and in fact, could go up likely would go up quite sharply on a net basis in some of those places, which not surprisingly represent a pretty big part of our tax-managed business. So as mentioned, this is something that we oppose. We think it works against what tax reform is trying to accomplish. It complicates the lives of investors, but in some ways, it makes the importance of being smart about tax management even greater. And hard to say, but on balance, we think it could well be a positive for our business.
Brian Bedell: Okay. Okay, that’s great color. And then maybe just a follow-up on the NextShares with UBS, with that starting up, any sense of aside from the different advisory agreement that you will be having with the other managers, a sense of how the financial advisers at UBS are viewing the product and whether they are going to begin shifting to that en masse, I mean, I guess, just based on conversations, I imagine there’s not really a lot of evidence yet of any traction at this stage?
Tom Faust: Yes, it’s obviously very early. I think it was officially turned on in their system either Friday or yesterday. So this is brand new. Also, there’s a process that UBS is undergoing of vetting individual funds. And I know not all of the NextShares funds are yet through that process, including the Oaktree fund that we announced launch of last week. We are very encouraged that UBS is putting funds through an expedited review process. They have lowered the normal standards in terms of how much assets have to be in the fund, recognizing that practically speaking, that since they are the main market here that they can’t realistically expect a lot of flows into the fund to be there before they come in. But we are optimistic. There’s a training module that has been implemented across UBS. I think that’s been well received. As I mentioned in my remarks, this is really the first time that we can wholesale NextShares. The two smaller broker-dealer relationships that we started last year really don’t fit with our distribution model and that of other NextShares sponsors. But this is right down our alley. I should say we are particularly excited about the Oaktree strategy. Oaktree has of course, has an outstanding reputation as a credit manager and this is the first time this diversified credit strategy is available to retail investors. How I think UBS advisers will think about this is strategy by strategy. You put an uninteresting strategy in a NextShares structure I don’t think that’s going to be compelling for an adviser. But you put but if you put an interesting compelling strategy in front of a NextShares adviser, we think that will motivate that adviser to learn about and to invest in NextShares. And that, that success we certainly hope, will lead that adviser and other advisers and ultimately other broker-dealers, to embrace NextShares, not only for that strategy, but in time for a whole broad array of strategies. So, one step forward, maybe a small step, but certainly, in the whole process here, quite significant. We I would say, in thinking about flows to expect out of UBS, a couple of cautions. One was the one I just said, that all the products are not yet approved and there will be a rollout of product of NextShares at UBS over some period of weeks and months. I think there’s a handful that are approved today and certainly, we expect that to grow by the week for the foreseeable future. But the other thing is that it’s not available yet on all the platforms at UBS. UBS has, for several years, been involved in a major systems upgrade that’s expected to conclude, I think sometime around the middle of next year, and we won’t to be fully available everywhere at UBS in terms of systems until that’s done that process is done. So right now, we are available in brokerage and strategic advisory, but not available in their other advisory programs.
Brian Bedell: The strategic advisory is their [wrap] [ph] program, I believe, it’s that correct?
Tom Faust: Yes. Or it is a [wrap] [ph] program. I think they have other ones as well.
Brian Bedell: Great thanks for all the color.
Tom Faust: Yes. Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee of KBW. Your line is open.
Robert Lee: Great, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Can you maybe just as a starting place I noticed that you have kind of made a comment in the release about a CLO entity. So it kind of sounds like you are looking to get heavier into the CLO business in managing CLOs. Could you maybe kind of update us on your plans there? And I saw you had a little bit warehouse, so do you have some kind of CLOs you are thinking are coming to market in the next couple of months and just kind of how you are thinking about that business?
Tom Faust: So we have one CLO that’s in process that we have mentioned that’s in that’s, I guess, come out of the warehouse stage. We have, I would say, a renewed interest in this business. We have a team here that’s been doing CLOs for certainly well over a decade. We think we are pretty good at this. It’s a huge part of the bank loan market. For public companies, it’s a bit challenging because of the reporting requirements. There are also risk retention rules that effectively require us to own, I think it’s 5% of the entity. You can do that by owning a pro rata strip of the different risk levels or by owning much of the equity. We are I don’t think you can you should expect to see Eaton Vance become primarily a CLO shop. This is a big business, but there are their capital needs here, the risk considerations, there are accounting complexities. But having said all that, this is an asset class that we like. We think we are very good at managing bank loans. We think we understand how CLOs work. There is a stickiness to the assets that we like and we would expect, I would say, relatively slowly to be ramping up our CLO exposure.
Robert Lee: Okay, great. And then maybe just following up on Hexavest, I guess you are – I assume you are in negotiations with them right now about the buying up the majority stake. I don’t know if there’s any update on expectations that we should think of around that. Or to some degree, is that impacting how you are thinking in the short term at least about kind of share buyback or capital management?
Tom Faust: I think it’s if we were to exercise our option, it would be about a $90 million item. So it’s not an insignificant spending amount. So at the margin, that would influence other uses of capital. I would say that, as your question suggests, we are in the middle of negotiations and would prefer not to say too much. We like these guys very much. We like the way they run their business. But it’s not ultimately recent agreement on whether or not to exercise that option. We have, I think the period expire sometime in the middle of December. So time is getting short and so stay tuned.
Robert Lee: Okay and then thanks. Patience is maybe one more question is, can you maybe update us on any kind of how you are thinking of the institutional business of your pipeline. You mentioned, obviously, some success with some of the global macro and obviously the bank loan products in the U.S. and outside, but any kind of color on how we could think about institutional activity on any pipelines?
Tom Faust: Yes. So we have a pipeline report that we circulate weekly internally. And as of the end of last week, when the last pipeline report was circulated, happily, lots of indicated inflows and not many indicated outflows, which is good. The areas of growth anticipated based on these are one, not funded. One is a global high-yield mandate for an international client. There’s a quite interesting Calvert-enhanced cash strategy that is pending funding that we think perhaps could be a model for other similar responsibly managed enhanced cash mandates, the parametric pipeline in terms of Custom Core, defensive equity and exposure management continues strong. I was in Japan, I guess, 2 weeks ago, working with our sales team there, meeting with clients. Japan is our largest market outside the United States, and we have seen very strong growth there, that accounts for much of the overall growth in our international business we have seen this year. Strategies we talked about during those sessions when I was there included bank loans, included global macro, included taxable municipal securities, which is kind of interesting, somewhat new market. You wouldn’t think on its face that municipal bonds would be interesting to investors in Japan or places outside the United States. But there’s a market of about $500 billion today for securities issued by municipal issuers, but that don’t qualify for the favorable tax treatment. Therefore, they traded yields that are more comparable to corporate securities. Those corporate those municipal issuers have different risk characteristics than our corporate issuers that make them potentially attractive for taxable investors around the world including outside of the United States. Interestingly, one of the proposals in the tax reform initiative would potentially curtail, it varies a little bit by the House and the Senate version. But in both cases would limit certain types of tax-exempt municipal bond issuances, which interestingly could help address one of the issues we are facing in the taxable market is that it’s a relatively small market with limited supply. So what was released in one side might be a source of growth on the other. But quite active across a range of strategies in institutional, U.S., international, certainly Eaton Vance, Hexavest, Parametric, Atlanta Capital, every one of our subsidiaries is actively trying to build business institutionally, it’s not easy. There tends to be longer selling cycle. Obviously, these are competitive times with lots of pressure from passive and particularly in equities, but we think that maybe, particularly outside the United States as we build a bigger presence, there could be some low-hanging fruit for us in building out that institutional business relatively quickly.
Robert Lee: Okay, great. I appreciate the color. Thanks for taking my question.
Tom Faust: Right. Thank you, Rob.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you very much for taking my questions. So maybe a two-parter, Laurie, you mentioned that comp to be about 36% of revenue is looking to the first quarter. So within that, what are some of your baseline assumptions as you look out for the rest of the year? And just remind me if that is sort of a seasonal high point in terms of that ratio in absolute dollar spend? And then on the other side of that, other expense looked like it’s rather high this particular quarter, you didn’t call anything out either in your prepared remarks or in the press release? So is this a new run rate? Was there any sort of mapping of items this quarter? Just trying to get a sense as we look ahead into the new year.
Laurie Hylton: Yes, Bill, this is we’re going to address the comp question first as we move from the fourth quarter into the first quarter, we’ve always got the sort of the seasonal adjustments that we recognize in terms of a number of things. We’ve got base increases, we’ve got benefit resets, we’ve got payroll tax clock resets. And I think, last year, as we moved from the fourth quarter of last year to the first quarter of this year that was about a $4.5 million increase. As we look at the same numbers going into – from the fourth quarter of this year going to the first quarter of 2018, I think we’re probably looking at something a little north of $5 million in terms of incremental pressure on our fixed compensation expenses. You’d have to do your own math based on your expectations about sales to come up with what the pressure might be in terms of our variable compensation, but that’s generally that pressure that we hit each first quarter and that it certainly colors our expectations about that 36% number in the first quarter. In terms of other expenses, this was actually a very clean quarter from an expense perspective. So I don’t know that there was anything in particular that I would call out in terms of our other operating expenses. We’ve been able to keep a pretty good lid on it and I think that we’ve been exercising a lot of control over discretionary spend. So I really don’t – I can’t think of anything off the cuff that would really – that we would need to address in terms of something unusual in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Michael Carrier: Hi, thanks a lot. Tom, just on the acquisition side to Parametric, just whether it was timing strategy, turned out very well. You look at what you guys see with Calvert, maybe when you did the transaction. And then over the past 11 months, you’ve been – you’re talking in the different distribution channels. Just wanted to try to gauge either how you see that playing out, whether it’s the core products you mentioned, maybe this enhanced cash product being like a potential opportunity, just where you’re seeing the demand now that you’ve had 11 months on the platform?
Tom Faust: Yes. Thanks, Michael. The – one of the challenges we’ve had with Calvert is there are growth opportunities in lots of different directions. We had a Calvert-devoted strategy session toward the end of last week to try and get some kind of consensus on where do we go. And there’s – do we focus on building out institutional business? Calvert traditionally has been a retail brand but in many ways, the demand for Responsible Investing is more developed in certain institutional markets. Do we take Calvert overseas because, again, particularly in Europe, demand in many places for Responsible Investing is more developed there than it is here. We – within U.S. retail, which has been the focus of Calvert traditionally, they have a relatively underdeveloped business historically in the warehouses. And many of those firms, including yours, have major initiatives to build the Responsible Investing business and are looking for partners to work with them to do that. So I’m not maybe a greedy person because I – my vote in the strategy session was to do all of these, but we are somewhat constrained by resources. But we’ve got funds, we’ve got separate accounts, we’ve got retail, we’ve got institutional, we’ve got U.S. and international. And then certainly within different strategies, we’ve got opportunities. In terms of the objective to sell more now as opposed to lay the groundwork for things that might take 6 or 12 or 18 or 24 months to result in flows, the most compelling Calvert offerings today are their 5-star-rated emerging market equity fund, their range of shorter duration, short duration, ultrashort income strategies; and their index products, primarily on the equity side. We think we’ve got plenty to do in the near term to get our sales force focused on selling those in the right areas of the country where Responsible Investing matters. But also, we’re doing a lot of work laying groundwork for potentially interesting longer-term opportunities for different product structures perhaps in certainly different markets. I mentioned the – I think your question, you mentioned this as well was the institutional enhanced cash market where we have one pending funding awaiting, but certainly in coastal markets where you’ve got large pools of corporate cash and corporations that are committed a social mission that includes principles very similar to the Calvert principles for Responsible Investing, we think there could be a very nice match not only in corporate cash but also working with those same firms to get placement of Calvert strategies in 401(k) programs, for example. So we’re in a target-rich environment. We’re coming out of a period where Calvert is a stand-alone, who had gone through some struggles for a period of years, so we’ve had to right the ship in some ways, but we’re gratified that as that’s happened, we’ve been able to begin the process of putting Calvert on a growth trajectory and the comparison to Parametric, I hope it turns out like Parametric. I think it wouldn’t be completely out of the realm of possibility that, that happens, but the kind of success we’ve had with Parametric over the last 16-or-so years that they’ve been part of Eaton Vance is – I guess 14 years as part of Eaton Vance is not something we can necessarily count on from every acquisition.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Shutler of William Blair. Your line is open.
Chris Shutler: Hi, guys. Good morning. On the floating rate side of the business, can you give us a little more color on the demand dynamics that you’re seeing between retail and institution. And then talk about the supply in the bank loan market right now and how you’re feeling about capacity? Thanks.
Tom Faust: Yes. So just maybe starting on the capacity side, we are at, I think, roundly $40 billion. It is a market – I don’t have the number off the top of my head, but I think it’s globally, around a $1 trillion market, something like that. So we’re at 4% or – which is we’re a major player, but I think the last time we thought about – the last time we thought we were close to capacity, I think we had assets in the mid- to high-40s, but the asset class was probably more like $600 million at that time. So I think we feel like we’ve got a fair bit of running room in terms of the ability to grow our bank loan franchise from current level. The demand, as I highlighted in my prepared remarks in the quarter was really driven by institutional and particularly driven by clients outside the United States. Retail, I think, was pretty close to – was modestly positive but certainly not what we saw in the first couple of quarters of the fiscal year. Explaining retail demand for – is always a little hard, but what seems to be clear in bank loan flows is that when people are fearing increases in interest rates on the long side and anticipating increases in rates on the short side, it would see more bank loan inflows. Certainly right after the election, we were in one of those kinds of environments where people were optimistic about economic growth, expecting to see potentially a lot of stimulus, were worried about inflation. That was an environment where we saw, literally overnight, a major pickup in bank loan demand. What’s happened over the last couple of quarters is with maybe a lessening of concern about rates on the long end and a tempering of expectations about the pace of Fed action on the short end. There’s been a bit of a reversal of that – of those strong inflows that happened a year-or-so ago. Fortunately, for Eaton Vance, we’ve been in a quite strong performance cycle, which you layer on a good 1-year numbers with a very strong history, we have an excellent performance story to tell today. So we’re in – we feel like we’re in the hunt for bank loan mandates wherever they are to be won, retail, institutional, U.S., international, the catalysts for the next wave of growth, I suspect, likely will be some change in interest rate expectations, either short end or long end or both. But for the moment, we have a relatively stable business that’s experiencing modest growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Patrick Davitt: Thanks for taking the question. I have a quick follow up on Hexavest. Is it still fair to kind of use the guidance you gave in 2012 around fee rates and accretion to kind of estimate the potential impact to your earnings estimates in margin from the integration of the additional – well, actually, the 75%, if you decide to pull the trigger there?
Tom Faust: You may have a better memory than mine, what was my guidance from 2012?
Patrick Davitt: I think you said mid-30s fee rates, which suggested a margin in the 60% to 70% range.
Tom Faust: The fee rates are – that’s ballpark in the right area.
Dan Cataldo: Patrick, if you look in our disclosures in the press release, we just – the contribution from Hexavest to our P&L shows up in the equity and income of affiliates. And that – as we’ve I think said in the past, is almost entirely Hexavest. So that will give you a sense of the current contribution of the 49% ownership of Hexavest.
Patrick Davitt: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dan Fannon: Hi, thanks. My question is on tax, I guess as a major corporate tax beneficiary as you guys have highlighted, can you talk about the priorities of that kind of excess cash flow in terms of how it will either to be sent back through capital return through buybacks and dividends or investing more in the business or M&A? Can you talk about what you’re – how you’re thinking about that?
Tom Faust: Yes. Well, I like your optimism that this is going to be enacted. So I’ll start with that. Just to maybe level set, our expectation is that once this is sort of all run through, whenever that is or if that’s going to happen, assuming that the corporate rate stays at the 20% level that’s in the – currently in the House and the Senate bill, we expect our blended combined rate to be around 25%. There’s an adverse effect in there of some of the changes in how executive comp is treated that’s reflected in that number. But compared to that 38.5%-or-so range where we are today, that’s a – I think that’s about a 22% earnings increase once the tax increase – once the tax cut comes through, assuming, importantly, this is a big caveat, that some of that doesn’t get pass through to in higher cost or competed away in some ways in terms of – or a revenue realization. We’ll get – we likely will have some of that effect. But in terms of the overall effect if this happens, we certainly would expect the net effect on after-tax earnings and earnings per share to be strongly positive. Your question is what do we do with the money. I think it’s the same as how we think about things now. I think about – so there’s a – we could get a windfall from the market going up. We could have some big growth surge in our business, but I don’t think those would fundamentally change how we think about capital uses. Our options are the same as they’ve always been, dividends, share repurchases, so returning money back to shareholders or investing in the business either in the form of seed capital or acquisitions. I would say we wouldn’t feel any particular greater urgency to do acquisitions because we’re earning at a higher rate and producing more cash flow. We would certainly consider an increase in the dividend to maintain something like the current payout rate, but that’s obviously a bit speculative and in the future. Whether we would ramp up share repurchases would depend on in part on our view of whether the stock represented good value at that particular time. So the options would be the same as today. The choices would be very much dependent on the situation as we see at the time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Ari Ghosh: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. This is Ari Ghosh, filling in for Craig. So just on the Parametric and custom data business, could you provide an update on the competitive pressures that you’re seeing here including from property bands and robos? And then has there been any changes to the pricing trends here that would pressure the fee rate? And I believe yours is currently around the 15, 20 bp range on a blended basis? Thanks.
Tom Faust: That’s right, and thanks for the question. This is an area like many parts of our business where there is price competition. We’re seeing strong volumes and we’re seeing, at least in some pockets, some increased pricing pressure. There are not particular new entrants that we’re worried about or that are driving prices down. It’s – I think it’s largely that the – this is viewed as a passive or maybe quasi-passive investment strategy and people are quite aware that the cost of passive generally is going down. When we look at the value proposition of producing tax – after-tax alpha, somewhere in the 150 basis point range or hopefully better than that over time, we think this represents an extraordinary value relative to what we generate and benefit and also an extraordinary value relative to other passive alternatives that don’t provide tax alpha. I talked in my prepared remarks a bit about the tax bill and the mandatory FIFO provision. It is interesting that if this goes into effect that, that may have some competitive effects, the firms that are maybe more sophisticated in their management and the capability and are more developed in their systems like Parametric, we would hope would be in a position to respond more quickly to implement changes in systems as necessary and that perhaps that can be helpful in terms of pricing dynamic in the marketplace with a fairly disruptive change in how people would have to implement tax management. But we are a bit speculative, but we are – we think by a considerable margin, the largest player in the business. There are real economies of scale that come in this, but we’re aware that this is something that other firms, at least can think they can do and that we need to distinguish ourself in the marketplace, not only by service levels and performance in terms of generated tax alpha and tracking of benchmark, but also in terms of being cost competitive where required.
Operator: Due to time restriction, we are unable to take any further questions. I’ll turn the call back over to Dan Cataldo for final remarks.
Dan Cataldo: Great. And thank you all for joining us this morning. We appreciate your continued interest in Eaton Vance, and hope you all have a happy and safe Thanksgiving.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sharon Yeshaya - Head of IR James Gorman - Chairman & CEO Jonathan Pruzan - CFO & Executive VP
Analysts: James Mitchell - The Buckingham Research Group Brennan Hawken - UBS Investment Bank Glenn Schorr - Evercore ISI Michael Mayo - Wells Fargo Securities Steven Chubak - Nomura Securities Guy Moszkowski - Autonomous Research Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Alevizos Alevizakos - HSBC Devin Ryan - JMP Securities
Sharon Yeshaya: Good morning. This is Sharon Yeshaya, Head of Investor Relations. During today's presentation, we will refer to our earnings release and financial supplement, copies of which are available at morganstanley.com.  Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to our notices regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures that appear in the earnings release. This presentation may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent.  I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James Gorman: Thanks, Sharon. Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us. While the third quarter was impacted by the typical summer slowdown across many of our businesses, our results reaffirmed that we can generate solid returns against a more subdued backdrop. Strong performance in Wealth Management and Investment Management and stable results in the market-sensitive businesses demonstrated the importance of the balanced business model.  Wealth Management posted record revenues. Margins remained in excess of our target range. These results were achieved despite slower transactional activity. We continue to witness growth in fee-based assets, which surpassed $1 trillion in this quarter. Clients continued to choose the enhanced service models provided by this offering. This trend has reduced our resilience -- our reliance on transactional activity. Incremental revenues will continue to drive margin improvement, subject, of course, to decisions to invest in initiatives that have the potential to further accelerate growth. These investments include not only our digital build-out but also further enhancements to our advisory platforms, lending cash management products and integrated, goal-based planning solutions.  Within Institutional Securities, Investment Banking showed continued strength, particularly in advisory, notwithstanding the amount of uncertainty around the political and fiscal outlook. Sales & Trading was impacted by the environment, characterized by a seasonal slowdown, muted client activity and low levels of volatility. That said, Equity Sales & Trading demonstrated consistency despite subdued activity. Fixed Income remained above our $1 billion run rate per our average quarterly revenue goal, and Investment Management exhibited steady performance with a combination of positive flows across our actively managed strategies.  Often an underappreciated part of our firm, Investment Management represents a high-returning business with a complementary mix of traditional and alternative platforms. We continue to explore both organic and inorganic opportunities in this space. Our pending acquisition of Mesa West Capital serves as the most recent example. Mesa West complements our existing real estate product offerings and provides us with an opportunity to leverage our current distribution channels.  We continued to see signs of operating leverage across our business model, not just in Wealth Management, where it's most apparent. Incremental revenue is expected to generate higher margins, assuming we continue to manage our cost base with discipline. That said, we won't be shy about reinvesting where we see market and competitive opportunities. The Mesa West acquisition and the continuing build-out of our U.S. banks serve as examples of this choice.  Finally, as has been widely discussed in every corner of our sector, there are 3 additional medium- to long-term drivers of performance improvements for our industry, corporate taxes, rates and any changes to the regulatory framework. To repeat what is commonly understood, as a firm, we have a relatively high corporate tax rate given our meaningful U.S. presence. Second, we continue to be positioned to benefit from higher interest rates. And third, we are heavily regulated, not least in the area of capital, which culminates with the CCAR exam. While the degree of these changes will become clearer only over time, they should not go unnoted. In the near term, we continue to have good client receptivity around the globe. And absent any material changes to macro conditions, we remain confident in the goals we have set for this year.  I'll now turn the call over to Jon.
Jonathan Pruzan: Thank you, and good morning. The operating environment we witnessed in the third quarter, in many respects, represented a continuation of the second quarter's market conditions. Client conviction remained limited. Activity and volatility were muted across several markets, impacting Sales & Trading in particular. Typical summer patterns added to the lackluster tone. Despite this somewhat uninspired trading environment, results remained solid with strong performance in Investment Banking and Investment Management and consistent revenue growth in Wealth Management. At $9.2 billion, firm revenues were in excess of $9 billion for the fourth consecutive quarter. In the quarter, PBT was $2.5 billion and EPS was $0.93. ROE was 9.6%. These numbers were aided by certain tax benefits that I will discuss in detail shortly. These tax benefits contributed approximately $0.05 of EPS and 50 basis points of ROE.  Our year-to-date efficiency ratio of 72% is well inside the 74% target we've set for 2017. This is evidence that the Project Streamline expense savings initiatives we embarked on at the beginning of last year are coming to fruition. Underscoring the firm's operating leverage, year-to-date revenue is up $2.8 billion or 11%, and pretax profit is up $1.3 billion or 20% over the same period last year.  Going forward, our focus will be on ensuring that the savings achieved to date are kept permanently out of the expense base in an effort to maximize operating leverage across all of our businesses. Over the quarter, non-compensation expenses were down $63 million or 2%, primarily driven by the absence of the VAT provision recorded in the second quarter. We continue to exercise compensation discipline, contributing to a 2% sequential decline in total noninterest expense.  Now to the businesses. Net revenues in our Institutional Securities businesses of $4.4 billion were down 8% sequentially. In addition to the seasonal slowdown across several of the businesses, volatility in many asset classes remained at or near multiyear lows. And there were fewer idiosyncratic market-moving events. Consequently, client activity slowed from the second quarter. Non-compensation expenses were $1.6 billion for the quarter, down 3% sequentially. Compensation expenses were $1.5 billion. Our year-to-date compensation to net revenue ratio was approximately 35%, in line with our target of 37% or lower.  Investment Banking continued to show strength in advisory and debt underwriting. Revenues of $1.3 billion were down 10% versus a strong second quarter. We continue to leverage our global franchise, working with clients to provide holistic solutions. This consistent focus has contributed to an improvement in several of our market positions. Advisory revenues for the quarter were $555 million, up 10% sequentially. Despite a decrease in larger transformational deals, M&A volumes are healthy and on par with last year's levels. A combination of challenging organic growth and attractive financing markets continues to drive activity.  Turning to underwriting. While equity volumes have recovered relative to the low levels of activity experienced over the course of last year, the quarter-over-quarter results showed a traditional seasonal trend with slower activity in the summer months. We generated equity underwriting revenues of $273 million, down 33% sequentially. We expect healthy activity levels in the fourth quarter, subject to issuance windows remaining open, which may be impacted by macro-economic uncertainties, geopolitical events and a typical seasonal slowdown at the end of the year.  Fixed Income underwriting revenues decreased 12% sequentially to $442 million, driven primarily by lower investment-grade issuance. High-yield markets have continued to be very receptive to both acquisition financing and opportunistic refinancings, aided by range-bound credit spreads, low volatility and significant market liquidity. Overall, Investment Banking pipelines are healthy and diversified across products, regions and sectors. CEO confidence remains high, and we are actively engaged with our clients. However, we maintain a cautious outlook as political and policy uncertainties may influence management's decision to act.  In Sales & Trading, we supported our clients when opportunities presented themselves and prudently managed risk throughout the quarter. Our results were consistent with the market backdrop. And overall, revenues were in line with historical third quarters. In Equities, we retained our leadership position and expect to be #1 globally. Revenues were $1.9 billion, down 12% sequentially. Our global footprint and diversified strategy continued to enable us to benefit from pockets of regional strength. Sequentially, Europe was weaker coming off a seasonally high second quarter, but continued strength in Asia buoyed our results. Prime Brokerage revenues remain a source of stability and client balances continue to grow. Derivatives saw a sequential decrease on fewer corporate transactions, which can be lumpy. And cash revenues remain stable as lower volumes and subdued volatility were combined with a more benign market-making environment.  Fixed Income revenues in the third quarter were $1.2 billion, down 6% versus the second quarter. Our macro businesses were negatively impacted by sequentially lower results in foreign exchange and persistently low levels of volatilities in rates, where client activity remain muted. As we have discussed, activity in these businesses is often aided by discrete events or meaningful market trends. Lack of such events or trends weighed on results. In credit, revenues were also down quarter-over-quarter. In aggregate, spreads remained at very tight levels, negatively impacting volatility and client demand. Commodities saw a sequential increase as activity improved in the quarter.  Overall, this quarter's results reinforce the progress we have made in this business. We have continued to support our clients and have generated revenues in excess of the $1 billion goal for 6 consecutive quarters against a variety of market backdrops. We remain confident in the strategy outlined nearly 2 years ago and we are pleased with the performance. Lastly, average trading VaR for the period was $43 million, down versus $51 million last quarter, primarily driven by lower market volatility across both equity and fixed income markets.  Turning to Wealth Management, which reported further growth in both revenues and pretax profits relative to last quarter's record levels. Our business continues to benefit from a shift towards an advice-driven model with a decreased reliance on transactional activity. This quarter's results further underscored this trend as growth in asset management revenues more than offset the seasonal slowdown in transactional revenues.  Third quarter revenues were $4.2 billion, a 2% sequential increase. At 26.5% for the quarter, the PBT margin now exceeds 25% year-to-date. The margin increase reflects the benefit of our scale platform with operating leverage across both compensation and non-compensation expenses. Year-to-date, revenue grew 9% or $1.1 billion. At the same time, we saw a total expenses growth of only 5% with non-compensation expenses down and continued compensation discipline. As a result, pretax profit is up 24%.  Total client assets grew by 3% to $2.3 trillion. We continue to witness strong client demand for our advisory solutions. Fee-based asset inflows were $16 billion in the quarter, contributing to a record year-to-date flows. These flows represent an important organic growth driver of this business. Total fee-based assets increased 4% and are now in excess of $1 trillion or 43% of total client assets. Higher asset levels and strong quarterly flows contributed to asset management revenues of $2.4 billion, representing 4% growth relative to the second quarter. Net interest income of $1 billion is up 2% over the last quarter, reflecting the benefit from both higher rates and lending balances. This was partially offset by higher funding costs, which include a higher blended BDP rate as well as the cost of incremental CDs, saving products and third-party liabilities that are part of our diversified bank funding strategy.  Wealth Management lending in the U.S. banks grew by about $1 billion in the quarter or 2%. Continued strength in loan production offset the impact of higher paydowns in the quarter. With year-to-date net interest income of $3 billion, up approximately 19% year-on-year, we remain on our way to generate full year NII growth in line with the guidance we had provided. Transactional revenues of $739 million were down 4% from Q2. The decline reflected a typical decrease in retail engagement during the summer months across both equity and fixed income markets as well as the slower underwriting calendar.  Total noninterest expenses were essentially unchanged versus Q2. The compensation ratio was 55%, in line with our stated targets. Non-compensation expenses were down 3% sequentially due to seasonally lower marketing and business development expenses. This quarter's performance clearly demonstrates the strength of the franchise and the powerful combination of a highly annuitized revenue mix and the operating leverage that comes from a scale platform. We continued to enhance this business profile by investing in our advisory platforms, digital capabilities and banking and lending products.  Investment Management witnessed another solid quarter with continued growth in asset management fees and strong investment results. Total net revenues were $675 million, up 2% quarter-over-quarter. Overall, AUM grew 3% to $447 billion. We witnessed positive flows and strong investment performance, particularly across our active equity strategies. We continue to see increased investor interest in our high-conviction strategies across the platform. On the back of higher AUM, we saw 5% growth in asset management fees to $568 million. Investment revenues were also strong at $114 million, primarily due to more recent private funds entering carry. As discussed in the past, we expect this line item to continue to be lumpy. Overall expenses of $544 million were up 4% quarter-over-quarter, driven by higher compensation expense on carried interest.  As James mentioned, in the quarter, we announced the acquisition of Mesa West Capital. This will complement our existing real estate and private credit offering with a premier commercial real estate credit strategy. The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter. We will continue to opportunistically evaluate tactical acquisitions across our Investment Management platform as we further grow this high-return business.  Turning to the balance sheet. On a sequential basis, total spot assets of $854 billion were up $13 billion. In the quarter, the binding constraint for our risk-based capital ratios shifted from advanced to the standardized approach framework. Our pro forma fully phased-in standardized RWAs are expected to be essentially unchanged as higher credit RWAs offset a decline in market-risk RWAs. Our pro forma fully phased-in Basel III standardized Common Equity Tier 1 ratio is expected to increase slightly to 16.3%. Our pro forma fully phased-in supplementary leverage ratio is expected to remain at 6.5%.  During the second quarter, we repurchased approximately $1.25 billion of common stock or approximately 27 million shares and our board declared a $0.25 dividend per share. Our tax rate in the third quarter was 28.1%. This included a total of $94 million of net discrete tax benefits, $11 million related to the recurring type of discrete tax item for employee share-based payments and the balance primarily resulting from the remeasurement of certain deferred tax assets -- excuse me, deferred taxes.  This quarter, results reaffirm that our balanced business model is performing. At the beginning of 2016, we presented a 2-year plan. Over the last 7 quarters, we have witnessed a variety of economic backdrops. And while this quarter certainly did not present the most constructive backdrop for some of our businesses, our performance was consistent with our stated objectives. We are encouraged by the continued growth in our more annuitized businesses, providing a buffer to those businesses that are more sensitive to quarterly changes in the environment. We remain focused on executing our strategic plan throughout the rest of the year and, absent any material changes to macro conditions, we are confident that we will hit our stated objectives.  With that, we will open up the line to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Jim Mitchell with Buckingham Research.
James Mitchell: Maybe just on the Wealth Management side, you guys had very good growth -- sequential growth in deposits. There's been some discussion in the industry about kind of a pricing pressure. Can you discuss where you saw deposit rates in Wealth Management business and how you were able to attract, I think, about $10 billion sequentially on deposit franchise?
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. I think, as you recall, we've been talking about our deposit deployment strategy for quite some time. And we've been investing excess liquidity into our loan product over the last several years. In the beginning of the year, we told you that, that trend would come to an end. We did see that this year. It happened a bit sooner than we anticipated as we saw more cash go into the markets, particularly the equity markets as those markets rose around the world. And we've seen cash in our clients' accounts at its lowest level. So what we had been doing over the last several years is building out our product suite in that business. As you recall, we were really just a solo product with the BDP product. So we've built out those products, particularly around our cash management engaged initiatives around savings products as well as CDs and other products to sort of supplement our deposit base. In terms of the pricing, we had 4 rate hikes over the last 2 years. We did, at the end of the second quarter raise our rates across the platform in the broker deposit channel. Those rates were predominantly sort of pegged at 1 or 2 basis points. They're now on average about 6 basis points. But we have been supplementing our deposit base with other savings products and CDs. And you see the cost of that running through the interest expense line. So started the year at $154 billion of deposits, it drifted down to $144 billion as people engaged in the market and deployed their cash. And it's now back at $154 billion again with a slightly different mix, but back to sort of the historical year-end level.
James Mitchell: Okay, great. And maybe, just the follow-up, just on your asset management acquisitions, you've got sort of a new tone, I guess, or more aggressive tone about further acquisitions. Is there particular asset classes you're looking at? Is it focused still on alternatives? Or do you see you'd like to have scale in other asset classes?
James Gorman: I think there are a bunch of areas across the asset management platform we could continue to build out. We have looked obviously at Fixed Income, where we have smaller space. We have a relatively narrow but very productive active asset management business on the long-only side. And so there are some geographic areas where we could fill in. In this case, it was in the alternatives platform. Real estate has been, for most of our history, a tremendous strength. We have a great team running it. The business is doing well. They've launched new funds. This made sense to us. So I think what we're signaling, and Jim, you're picking up on it, is we're open for business to find inorganic pieces that can help build out parts of our platform that make sense. We're not looking for any grand splash here, but we're open for business opportunistically. And this was a perfect example. We looked at another deal over the last couple of quarters. And in the end, it got too expensive, we pulled away from it. So we're going to keep pricing discipline.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Just a follow-up on Jim's question on the wealth deposit cost and the CD program. The CD program has gotten a lot of attention. And it certainly seems to be successful here in bumping up the deposit base. How much of the $25 million in interest expense that you guys saw quarter-over-quarter was attributable to this CD program? And when you guys think about that cash, I believe it's an 11-month program, how sticky do you think that is? And what are you guys working on to try to make sure it's as sticky as possible?
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. Let me try to take a crack at that. There are a couple of different points. Just remember, we have not made a huge effort historically to build out incremental products in the wealth -- in the deposit side, because we were sitting on so many excess deposits. So this is new for us. We've been working on this cash management engaged initiative as well as building out sort of traditional CD products. And we will continue to diversify our funding mix and our liability stack. And we also have access to wholesale markets, including brokerage CDs and FHLB and external sweeps and other things. So this is really around the right composition and mix of a liability stack. In terms of the interest expense, Brennan, it was a combination of both. The increase -- the BDP increase really happened at the very end of the second quarter, taking up from 1 -- a little over 1 basis point to 6 basis points. So some of that increase is from that; and the rest would be from a combination of the CDs. We ran some savings promotions as well. Mind you, this is for existing clients and new money only. And we're obviously not alone in running promotional programs to increase the deposit levels. I think in terms of stickiness, as James has mentioned and I have mentioned, we are seeing more of our clients engage with us on the advisory platforms. We're providing more services and products for them. And I think we're approaching the clients holistically both on the asset as well as the liability side. As I said, we're new to this, so we'll have to see what the numbers play out. But we're very confident regarding the liquidity position that we have in the banks.
Brennan Hawken: Okay, great. And -- okay, so the BDP came at the end of the quarter, so there might be a little follow-through to next, that's fine.
Jonathan Pruzan: No, it came at the end of the second -- I think we raised rates either June 30 or July 1. So we did see the full impact of the BDP rate. We didn't see the full impact of sort of the incremental deposits because those were raised over the second and third quarter.
Brennan Hawken: I see, okay. Thanks for clarifying that. As far as shifting gears to MiFID, when you guys think about MiFID coming here in the capital markets businesses, how are you thinking this is going to impact your European business next year? And when you think about balancing not only the payment for research but also the enhanced liquidity throughout European trading operations, how do you manage the potential impact of spreads through that enhanced transparency? And how do you intend to -- how do you think about sizing that potential impact?
Jonathan Pruzan: Well, a couple different components there. Number one, we are the #1 equities business globally with a sort of -- with an integrated platform and a leading research product. MiFID has been coming for a while. And we've been actively engaged with our clients discussing this change. Those conversations are obviously very unique based on usage and needs of our individual clients. But those conversations have been constructive and ongoing. And we've also been investing in the platforms and the infrastructure to be in compliance. In terms of how it impacts the market, remember, we have, give or take, an $8 billion Equity business. This is a smaller component of that business. We have an integrated platform and provide value-added services through intellectual capital access, liquidity and whatnot. And we've approached our Sales & Trading clients holistically. So it will have an impact. Trying to measure that is sort of hard at this point. Our sense is, it's going to be a little bumpy because it's not clear that everyone is going to be ready for the switchover in January 3. But we would expect it, a, to be manageable; and b, potentially longer term as the #1 player in this space, if people do consolidate trading with counterparties, we would expect to be the beneficiary of that. So overall, a change, but we adapt to change all the time. We think it's manageable. And it has the potential to accrue to our benefit.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI.
Glenn Schorr: Just maybe an update. In Wealth Management, in the past, you've provided statistics on, I guess, the last time you showed it, 100% of days in the year, you earn between $50 million and $70 million. Is that still the right range? Is the range rising as -- interest rates as you go more fee-based and the markets go up? And then while I'm getting greedy, if you might update us on what percentage of assets are in the $1 million and above camp inside Wealth Management?
Jonathan Pruzan: Wow, those are pretty technical questions. I think still good. How about still good. Lots of stability in this business and good tailwinds. Obviously, the total revenues generated are increasing. But I still feel like it's in that range in terms of a good indicator on a daily basis. The nice thing about this business is not only the stability and the growth dynamic, but we've got some nice tailwinds behind it. Also if you look at the fee-based accounts and the fee-based revenues, it's now over 50% of the revenues in that business this quarter. So again, lots of stability and lots of continued operating -- opportunity for operating leverage going forward. The general shape and characteristics of the business are pretty stable.
Glenn Schorr: And maybe a question on the margins inside Wealth Management, obviously a big number this quarter. As interest income becomes a bigger part, as your deposit programs take hold, I mean, obviously markets go up and down. But you're managing cost there. You have another 150 basis point of benefit coming in a little more than a year. Do you think pretax margins can consistently grind higher? And is there any natural ceiling there?
James Gorman: I guess, that's sort of the early question around, "Are we going to change our margin targets or whatever?" Listen, the incremental dollar revenue is coming on with an incremental higher margin than the embedded margin. So in theory, absolutely they grind higher. In practice though, we've got to look at -- we're also focused on growth. And what the management team in that business is doing is looking for ways in which we can drive further growth over the next several years rather than trying to grind out a particular margin in a particular quarter. But you're right. The math suggests with what's happening with retention deals coming off and what's happening with interest rates, margin should grind higher. But again, I'm as much -- more focused frankly on total growth than I am on the incremental margin in a given quarter.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Michael Mayo: Can you hear me?
James Gorman: Yes, we can, Mike.
Michael Mayo: Okay. So your U.S. bank deposits are back to $154 billion and that's almost the size of the 11th largest bank. And I know this is a new realm for you guys, but what is your deposit beta on those $154 billion of deposits? And what I'm really trying to get to is the first couple questions, what should we expect in the future? What do you have planned as far as future CD campaigns or a little bit more on your strategy?
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. That's a great question, Mike. Let me just step back for a minute and just sort of talk about NII more globally or at the top of the house. We have seen really good growth in that line item. Year-to-date, we're up just under $500 million. Some of that is on an increase in the lending balances. We're up about $6 billion or $7 billion. Some of that is based on the beta concept. As I've just mentioned, we've had 4 rate hikes over 2 years. This was the first time we raised our BDP rate. We raised it, on average, about 6 basis points. So on the last hike, the 6 over 25% would suggest a 25% beta. Based on historical behavior and our model suggests closer to a 50% beta is the right number to look at going forward. But we're in a new environment of, a, rising rates; b, we've seen money market reform; c, there's been a lot of changes in technology and how people save money. So I would say that, to date, we've outperformed the beta assumption. But we still think that 50%-ish is the right way to think about it going forward. That also being said, as rates get higher, betas get higher, as you know. In terms of the overall strategy, we are getting more mature in this business and in our liability structure. We have sort of made it through, if you will, the excess liquidity position. We still have some, given that we've just raised the deposit number from the $144 billion to $154 billion, we do have excess liquidity today to continue to fund lending growth going forward. But we're going to have a mix of products that support future lending growth. We still feel good about the lending opportunity within our wealth client segment. Penetration rates are still reasonably limited. And we've seen opportunities to continue to increase penetration there. And the funding will be a mix of all of the liabilities that I talked about earlier. We do -- we would like to continue to build out this cash management engaged initiative, which should bring in savings deposits, some mix. We raised about, give or take, a couple billion dollars in savings this quarter, probably $5 billion or $6 billion of CDs. That's both within the network and externally; and then a couple -- some incremental wholesale liabilities. So again, we have plenty of access to liabilities. BDP will be and will continue to be our primary product and our biggest contributor. But this is a day that we have expected for a long time and have sort of been building out the capabilities in advance of it.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steven Chubak with Nomura Instinet.
Steven Chubak: I had a question on Wealth Management as well, but just actually on the fee income side of the equation. So as we think about some of the fee income tailwinds outside of higher markets, one of the biggest ones that you've spoken to is the continued pace of conversions from brokerage to fee-based. We certainly saw that, that benefited results this quarter. And especially in light of DOL implementation likely to be delayed and potentially tabled, how should we think about the pace of fee-based conversions from here as that seemed to provide a nice tailwind to some of the acceleration that we saw in recent quarters?
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. Listen, the year-to-date flows have been very strong and they've not been solely driven by DOL. A significant amount of the conversions this quarter came from non-retirement accounts. So while I think the DOL implementation or the original implementation did form a catalyst for some conversions, it's not been the primary driver, number one. Number two, as we continue to build out the goals-based platform, as we continue to build out digital and our other services, I think our clients are attracted to the value-added proposition of a managed account and we see that trend continuing. It's been a nice tailwind, as you say. And we'll see the benefits of that going forward. As you know, there's a lag between the fees and the flows. But it's been really quite positive and diversified, not only driven by retirement accounts.
Steven Chubak: And maybe a broader question on how you're thinking about capital management and some strategic growth initiatives. And one of the things that comes up quite often in discussions is that, as we look at the various capital constraints, you're much more leveraged than risk-based constrained than many of your peers. And as you think about potential opportunities to either better optimize your capital base or -- and even consider or demonstrate some willingness to explore inorganic growth opportunities, are you open to expanding into areas that are maybe more risk-intensive and which could potentially help you optimize against some of your more constraining capital ratios such as leverage?
James Gorman: Steve, it's James. I think that's a much broader discussion than we'd probably do justice on an earnings call. We've worked very hard in the last several years to get ourselves in a position where our buyback and dividend combined generated close to 100% payout. We still believe we're carrying significant excess capital. And you're right, at this point in time, the leverage ratio has been the constrained at least the last couple of CCARs. Now whether that continues remains to be seen. I think the team, we're acutely conscious of risk-based capital, leverage-based capital tradeoffs. I think we've started, as evidenced by the Mesa West transaction, to show that we're not shy about doing inorganic things where they make sense. We're not interested in particularly making a splash on that front. We like businesses where we have real scale advantages. That's where we're aggressive. And Wealth Management was the example on that. But otherwise, they tend to be inorganic, should be much more tactical, I would think, in general. So it's a much longer discussion. But at this point, we'd like to continue -- we have a lot of shares outstanding. We've got our dividend to $1 a share on an annual basis. We like to continue to pursue the buyback dividend strategy and excess capital. Once we see more clarity around the regulatory framework, if and when we see we have more excess capital, then we'll put that to work either inorganically or with further buybacks or indeed against some of the risk-based businesses that we're in.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Guy Moszkowski with Autonomous Research.
Guy Moszkowski: You alluded, Jon, a little bit to targets for Wealth Management lending growth and kind of the headroom that you see. I was hoping that maybe you could give us a little bit more of a quantitative sense for how you assess your penetration versus competitors, client appetite and, therefore, sort of what you see as a headroom for prudent lending.
Jonathan Pruzan: Well, again, I would say that we've seen continued growth in the lending product across Wealth Management across the 3 products, mortgage, securities-based loans and tailored product. In '16, that was $10 billion. To date, it's been about $7 billion. We've seen good loan production across all 3 channels -- or excuse me, all 3 products. We did see some big payoffs at the end of the quarter that muted our total balances outstanding this quarter. But we continue to see real receptivity within the wealth client network for these products. We're continually designing products that we think that fit within the footprint. Based on market data, it suggests that our penetration rates are lower than some others, so we think that we continue to have room both on the SBL and on the mortgage product. And we've seen consistent production over the last several years. So it sort of gives us confidence that we will continue to be able to grow those balances going forward.
James Gorman: The other thing I'd just add about -- strategically about that business is the lending side provides a lot of stickiness with the relationships. So I was on a phone call with a client yesterday. His adviser left to a competitive firm, a multi-hundred million dollar relationship. We have a significant loan out to that client. And the client has no interest in moving because they like the loan that we have. They like the funding they're getting from that. They -- in fact, after the call, he said they were likely to increase their assets here. So that stickiness for the high end is a big deal. These markets go in cycles as we all know. And people want access to credit. They have large illiquid positions, so concentrated stock in businesses they founded, and they don't necessarily want to liquidate that. And we're in a position where we're dealing with a lot of very, very wealthy people. I think 2% of our assets with clients with less than $100,000 with us. So the vast majority have significant wealth. And it's a real competitive advantage now to be able to compete with the banks and offer these lending products.
Guy Moszkowski: That's a good point. Follow-up question, just on targets again. You were asked the one about Wealth Management margin targets, but what about fixed? Given that in what was clearly a very challenging quarter, you well exceeded that $1 billion quarterly level. Any potential movement on your goal there?
James Gorman: Guy, when we set the targets, it was the beginning of 2016 for 2017. And we said we'd like to see 4 things happen, an ROE range of 9% to 11% in 2017. We've hit that each quarter; efficiency ratio driven by Project Streamline of 74% expense to revenue, and we've been below that for the 3 quarters; Wealth Management margin, 23% to 25%, and we're now operating above that level; and the fourth, of course, was the Fixed Income division's revenues, which we thought, given what the team did with the restructuring in the fourth quarter '15, I think it was, we thought that the business model stood on its own with about $1 billion in revenue. That wasn't obviously an aspirational performance. But we thought that's what it should do. And recall, we've had a couple of quarters around $500 million, $600 million. First quarter of '16, I think we did about $800 million and change. And since then, we've had, what's that, 6 quarters of consecutive $1 billion-plus. It's actually probably average. I haven't look at the numbers, but my guess is it's averaged $1.25 billion over that time. So clearly, we exceeded the $1 billion. I don't know. We'll think through the end of the year. I don't think there's a lot of point in trying to nail ourselves to a specific revenue target for a business as volatile as that. I haven't seen our competitors do that. What we wanted to do was say we want it full-blown minimum. It's not sort of a race to -- we could drive revenues in that business harder, but we'd use more balance sheet and we wouldn't necessarily have the same risk profile we've got, so there are tradeoffs in it. And at this point, we're really happy with what the team has done. I think they've done a terrific job. They've taken a business that was really on its heels. And it's clearly become competitive on a global basis. It will never have the macro businesses of the big banks, but it's really performing well across the franchise. So I doubt you're going to see new targets in that. I just don't see a lot of upside for that. And I don't think people can sensibly predict revenue outlooks for something that volatile, but what we did seek to was a minimum revenue number. And let's get through the end of this year, we've got another quarter to go.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor: You guys had touched on efficiency a couple of times, and specifically Wealth Management. But I guess, just to circle back, from a firm-wide point of view, how much more opportunity is there? I guess I step back and I think that your businesses are higher expense-based in general, but you also have leading market shares in a lot of what you do, have been executing well, as you pointed out, in getting the efficiency ratio down, you're exceeding your plan this year. But just how much more opportunity is there for maybe continued low-hanging fruit in the back office or within the institutional business?
James Gorman: Yes, I don't think there's a lot of -- Jon will comment on this, but I don't think there's a lot of low-hanging fruit. I mean, we've been at this for a few years. So I think we have a pretty good handle on our expenses. The primary driver is, of course, the compensation expense. And I think, the ranges we have given in each of the businesses make sense. I think, our ISG comp ratio this quarter was around 35%. Wealth Management is obviously higher because of the payout structure in that business, but it's been grinding lower over time as non-compensable revenues come onstream. And the Investment Management businesses tend to come out around the 40%, 42%, 44%, somewhere in that range. So that's a number that honestly is more a function of what the revenues are. The non-comp expenses, we have held pretty tight, in fact, extremely. And we've taken, I think, the obvious low-hanging fruit off the table. But as you point out, these businesses are scale businesses. The non-comp expenses in Wealth Management, I think, Jon, were down a little bit this quarter on significantly higher revenues. And in the institutional businesses, there's a lot been going on with CCAR and resolution planning that has added expenses. We had the resubmission of CCAR last year. We had the British VAT tax issue, which hit the non-comps. We're still grinding through the last of the litigation from the crisis that you see pop along in little dribs and drabs every quarter. And we're increasing our spend, as you would want us to do, on cybersecurity. We're making big investments in digital.  We're driving a lot of electronic transformation within the institutional business. So there are areas where we're investing in the platform because we want to build a Morgan Stanley of the next 5 to 10 years, not the last 5 years. So short answer is, I think, low-hanging fruit, we have pretty much picked up. Scale in the businesses really matters. That's why you saw, I think, with a 9% year-over-year revenue, it was something like 15% to 18% pretax increase. And we're trading off sensible investments for long-term growth versus short-term fill-ups. And I think what you're going to see with every $1 of incremental revenue, you will still see a higher incremental margin coming on even with those investments. Jon, is there anything I missed there?
Jonathan Pruzan: Yes. No, I think you've hit it. I think we continue -- if you just look at the non-comp line, we continue to try to make progress on there. If you recall, when we came out with our targets at the beginning of '16, we didn't really expect the incremental CCAR that we got from the resubmission. Brexit wasn't on the table. So there are things that pop up all over the place that sort of cause that business -- cause those expenses to move around a little bit. But again, on an incremental basis, we've shown some really nice discipline and trends in both the areas that we can really control. We have seen a little bit of an uptick in the BC&E and transaction taxes as our strength in outside of the U.S. has continued to grow. So Europe and Asia generally come with higher expenses in the Sales & Trading businesses. But our hope is that we'll continue to maintain the discipline. Maybe some of the investments that we're making around automation will lead to better efficiency that might be able to bring down the unit cost a little bit more. But I would agree with James that sort of the low-hanging fruit is sort of -- we've sort of taken that out already.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: I apologize if you've addressed this already, but as an Advanced Approach bank, could you tell us what your LCR ratio, liquidity coverage ratio, was this quarter? And where do you hope to manage that to?
Jonathan Pruzan: Our LCR for the second quarter was in the high 120s. We would expect it to maintain that level or it has maintained that level. It's going to bounce around a little bit. But clearly, the 100% limitation is not a binding constraint for us at all within the liquidity -- within our liquidity framework. So again, it's not -- it hasn't been a constraint for us. I don't expect it to be one in terms of the management of our liquidity. We look at our stress tests and resolution and all the different analysis that we do. And it has generally not been a binding constraint for either -- for the institution.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Subsequent to your second quarter call, obviously the Treasury came out in October with their new white paper on their views of where the changes in the capital market regulations should head. Can you guys give us some color on 1 or 2 of the regulations that's most important to Morgan Stanley that you'd like to see changed?
Jonathan Pruzan: Well, again, specifically to the October white paper, it was really around the capital markets. I think we're broadly supportive. It was a very large and dense document. Anything that improves the liquidity of markets would be a positive. Anything that reduces the unnecessary administrative burden would be a positive. Anything that reduces complexity around the implementation or the compliance with the regulations would be a positive. Generally, the tone, broadly speaking, has been positive. It's been around recalibration and simplification. And so whether you're talking about Volcker or CCAR or the SLR resolution, which was generally the topics that get discussed, anything that would simplify those, anything that would reduce the complexity and the overlapping nature would be positive. We think the tone, at least from the Fed right now, has been around that simplification process. And we'll see what and if anything gets done over time as people get into their seats and their new jobs.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Al Alevizakos with HSBC.
Alevizos Alevizakos: I've got a broad question. Since you mentioned that a lot of your clients moved their money out of deposits and into active products, I'm wondering whether the percentage of your IB revenues have actually increased. And my main question is basically, since Wealth Management is presumably the largest client in the Investment Banking, what is the percent of the total IB revenues that are generated and actually belong effectively to the Wealth Management division?
Jonathan Pruzan: I'm not sure I follow the question so much, so let me just take a stab at what I think you're getting at. In terms of what we've seen in sort of the wealth network, the total sort of cash and money market and cash equivalent balances are down at sort of near-time lows. So it's not only deposits that people have been deploying into the markets, it's just sort of all their -- it's sort of all the cash and cash equivalent categories. There are clear synergies between our wealth business and our institutional businesses. But in terms of the amount of revenue that goes back and forth, I think that's an area that we think the businesses are complementary and they benefit each other, but we don't -- I wouldn't describe it in terms of the ways that you have. Clearly, having that distribution arm is good for a new issue product. It's good for certain structured products. So we continue to develop products that our wealth clients want. But again, the businesses are complementary and we don't measure it like that.
Alevizos Alevizakos: Sure. And as a follow-up question. At the moment, what are the 3 top products that you would say that your wealthy clients are getting out of your Investment Banking franchise?
Jonathan Pruzan: Again, our clients -- we have an open platform. Our clients have access to products across all of the different investment opportunities. Clearly, some of our clients like the new issue product. As I said, we saw a lot of engagement with our clients with the cash and money market balances going down. And it looks like the proportion of invested assets and equities went up across the platform, so broadly speaking, equity product. They enjoy -- also there's structured products that some of the segments enjoy in terms of products that are tied to indices and other markets or other indexes or other rates around the world. But again, it's an open platform. It's a full-service platform. It is integrated with our institutional business, so there are some complementary -- complementarity to it. But again, I wouldn't describe it as the way you're describing it.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Maybe first one here, just within GWM, obviously a lot in the mix on the technology front with the robo platform and some of the goals-based technology being rolled out, which hopefully should attract new clients and expand the wall with existing clients. So can you remind us on the timing of maybe some of the key initiatives there? And then, just as digital becomes a bigger theme, I think, for the industry, how does Morgan Stanley think about when it's appropriate to build something that's proprietary versus partnering with outside FinTech?
Jonathan Pruzan: A couple different things. I would say, one, that sort of the digital strategy and the digital product rollout, I would say, broadly is on schedule. We're in beta testing with some of the products right now and are going to go out to the full network soon. So I would say, our investments around product are on schedule. When we think about digital, it's obviously a very important component to the overall franchise, but there's 2 components. There's a revenue component as well as an efficiency and automation component. I would suggest that a lot of the investments that we're making are going to help with the automation and efficiency of our branch network, which should lead to again better operating leverage in the business upfront and will also save time with our FAs and our CSAs, so they'll have more ability to spend time with clients. But again, when we think about our wealth business, it's a business that's built on scale. And it's built on the fact that people with wealth want personal advice. So it's going to be both a mix of technology and digital with the personal element of the advice channel. And we think that's the winning formula going forward. But digital is important. It's on track. I would say the impact to the financial results are going to lag those investments. We'll see it probably first on the expense side and then later on the revenue side.
Devin Ryan: Yes. Got it, okay. Good color there. And then just follow-up here, maybe one around FIC and just bigger picture. When rates were low, I know many thought that as rates started to move, clients would increasingly reposition portfolios, so that would drive higher trading volumes. And I know you've spoken in the past around kind of Prime Brokerage client leverage. I'm sure it's still low. Are you seeing anything structurally holding back client risk-taking? Or do you just feel like it's simply just not enough buy-in on this market or the economic growth outlook? Just trying to think about kind of if there's something else structurally that's maybe within the leverage levels.
Jonathan Pruzan: Listen, I don't think it's structural. We've seen low volatility across many asset classes. We've seen a lack of sort of idiosyncratic events. When there is uncertainty, in some ways, that's -- or differences of opinions, that generates trading activity. We haven't seen a lot of that more recently. I think the underlying fundamentals sort of the global recovery, if you will, are pretty positive. But we haven't seen real dramatic changes in the rate profile. The 10-year treasury rebounded a little bit here recently. But given the geopolitical risk and the persistently low inflation numbers, it's a pretty tight trading band, FX rates, tight trading band, credit spreads, tight trading band. So again, I don't think it's structural. I think it's cyclical at this point. At some point, there will be catalysts to change the direction of the trading environment, and whether that's tax policy, whether that's better inflation data. But there will be something. And so this has been a sort of a subdued environment. I don't think it persists forever. But when and how that catalyst appears is clearly a question mark.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. That concludes the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sharon Yeshaya - Head of Investor Relations James Gorman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jonathan Pruzan - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Glenn Schorr - Evercore ISI Brennan Hawken - UBS Steven Chubak - Nomura Guy Moszkowski - Autonomous Research Jim Mitchell - Buckingham Research Devin Ryan - JMP Securities Chris Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Company Andrew Lim - Societe Generale Gerrard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Christopher wheeler - Atlantic Equities Brian Kleinhanzl - KBW
Sharon Yeshaya: Good morning. This is Sharon Yeshaya, Head of Investor Relations. During today’s presentation, we will refer to our earnings release and financial supplement, copies of which are available at morganstanley.com. Today’s presentation may include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to our notices regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures that appear in the earnings release. This presentation may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent. I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James Gorman: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. In the second quarter, we achieved 9% ROE reflecting the stability of many of our businesses, which offset a relatively difficult trading environment. In many ways, this quarter provided a robust test of our business strategy. Whilst many trading businesses are affected by benign markets, characterized by low volatility and the absence of meaningful macro events, other business lines demonstrative resilience. Investment banking showed continued strength, reflecting diversity of our global M&A and capital markets franchises. Investment management, saw asset inflows and solid performance across alternatives. As a result, this business saw improved revenues and returns. Wealth management performed at the high end of our 2017 target, achieving 25% pre-tax margin and a record profit before tax of over $1 billion. It is worth noting that in the first year after the acquisition of Smith Barney, wealth management generated approximately $1 billion to pre-tax profit annually. Compensation expenses are in line with our stated targets and higher accruals year-to-date reflect higher revenues. Non-compensation expenses, include one notable item, which Jon will take you through in a moment. Given the obvious headwind this quarter, we’re pleased to have generated respectable return to shareholders, albeit at the bottom-end of our target range. Of course with the firm now on solid footing, [performance] (Ph) could still materially improve in the years ahead assuming constructive markets. In addition, there are three tailwinds worth calling out, each of which has the potential to impact our long-term performance in a material and positive way, capital, tax reform and interest rates. On capital, this year through CCAR, we asked for and received approval to buyback up to $5 million of stock and increase our dividend to an aggregate of $1 per share annually. While we intend to invest in our business as opportunities present themselves, we’re determined to use any excess capital to continue to reduce our share count. Much has been told through adjustments as some of the Doug Frank rules that were put in place over the past eight years. It is fair to say that now is the time to make some practical changes for the multitude of regulations. These changes would allow U.S. banks to be greater engines of economic growth. Second, U.S. corporate taxes are too high. If the administration in Congress can achieve a sensible realignment of tax rates with other major developed economies, then that would be a clear positive for our business and corporate America in general. Finally, as the major U.S. depository we have endured historically low interest rates for a very long time. Each move when hiring rates assuming a measured path should benefit our business. In summary, in the second quarter we showed resilient in a challenging market. In a more favorable environment, we should see better results. More interesting to us though, of a long-term impact as some of the changes just described. We’ve built meaningful operating leverage in our business, while we remain cautious in the near-term, we launch our business mix and remain bullish on the long-term outlook for the firm. I will now turn the call over to John to discuss the quarter in greater detail. Thank you.
Jonathan Pruzan: Thank you and good morning. The optimism that characterized the first quarter was replaced with a more subdued tone amongst clients for the majority of the second quarter. Activity was more sporadic in market sensitive businesses particularly within fixed income were impacted. That said, we supported our clients when market opportunities presented themselves. Equity sales and trading and investment banking produced strong results. Wealth management and investment management both witnessed continued growth and stabilized our headline performance. Firm revenues were $9.5 billion, down 2% compared to a strong Q1. PBT was $2.6 billion, EPS was $0.87 and ROE was 9.1. Non-compensation expenses were up approximately $138 million or 65 quarter-over-quarter. Well over half of the increase was due to a provision that we recorded as a result of a self identified item relating to that on inter-company services provided to our UK operation. We also saw some seasonal increase in professional services, marketing and business development and higher volume driven expenses. We continue to exercise compensation expense discipline, which led to a 1% sequential decline in total non-interest expense. On project streamline, virtually all identified projects are in flight and we are on-track to complete the target outlined at the start of last year. Compared to the same period in 2016, our 2017 year-to-date revenues have increased by over $2.5 billion. In the same period, our non-compensation expenses have increased by about $300 million and total expenses by approximately $1.3 million in the same comparison. As a result, our year-to-date efficiency ratio of 72% is approximately 300 basis points lower than the same period last year and remains well inside the 74% target for the full-year. That said, we recognize that expenses in any one quarter maybe impacted by business mix, geographical mix, seasonal patterns and other factors. During the remainder of 2017, our focus will be on completing all remaining initiatives and making sure that the culture of costs discipline represented by project streamline remains best practice. This will help ensure that the savings achieved to-date remain permanently out of the expense based. Now to the businesses. Net revenues across institutional securities businesses of $4.8 billion were down 8% sequentially. The trading environment slowed from the first quarter, market moving events were episodic, volatility in many asset classes hit multi-year lows and activity was sporadic. Despite the quarter-over-quarter decline revenues across ISG were strong. Non-competition expenses were $1.7 billion for the quarter, up 6% sequentially driven by the UK VAT expense, as well as higher execution related costs due to a shift in business and geographic mix of client activity. Compensation expenses were $1.7 billion with the compensation to net revenue ratio of approximately 35%. In investment banking, both advisory and underwriting performed well revenues of $1.4 billion were unchanged versus the first quarter. This result contributed to an exceptionally strong first half of the year. Advisory revenues for the quarter were $504 million, up 2% sequentially. Broadly M&A volumes remain healthy. The fundamental drivers of activity including challenging organic growth remained in place encouraging client engagement. However, we have seen a decrease in larger transformational deals on a year-to-date basis compared to 2016 as the current market environment is impacting management’s decision to act. Additionally uncertainty over taxes, regulatory reform and the broader political landscape will likely weigh on activity. As such, we remain cautious as we look towards the rest of the year. Turning to underwriting, our continuation of stable capital markets with low volatility and range down credit spreads contributed to another strong quarter for underwriting. Overall, equity volumes continue to recover from the weak level seen last year particularly in Europe. The market was receptive to both IPOs and follow-on. We generated equity revenues of $405 million, up 4%. We expect activity levels to remain healthy although near-term issuance windows maybe impacted by macroeconomic uncertainties and a typical summer slowdown. Fixed income underwriting revenues decreased 5% sequentially to $504 million, a market wide decline in volumes relative to strong first quarter was partially offset by market share gains across both investment grade bond and high yield financing. Our sales and trading performance was solid, the post election excitement that began to slow towards the end of the first quarter did not reassert itself for most of the second quarter predominantly impacting our fixed income franchise. However, activities saw a notable uptick towards the end of the period as rates felled off. This contributed to our overall performance and underscores the strength and resilience of our franchise. In equities, we retained our leadership position and expect to be number one globally with revenues of $2.2 billion, up 7% sequentially. Strong prime brokerage revenues aided by seasonal factors contributed to the sequential increase. We continue to witness growth in client balances positioning us well in this business. Derivative revenues remain solid. These gains were partially offset by lower cash revenues driven by lower volatility. Once again, our diversified strategy and global footprint benefited from pocket to regional strength. In the quarter we saw a very strong European activity as well as increases up in Asia. Fixed income revenues in the second quarter were $1.2 billion down 28% versus a very strong first quarter and 4% versus a year ago. Historically, low volatility, a rally in interest rates over most of the quarter and fewer market events contributed to a slowdown in overall performance, while the revenue showed a sequential decline given the market backdrop, we’re pleased with the results. In our credit businesses revenues were down quarter-over-quarter driven by lower levels of activity. Our securitized products business also witnessed a decrease in revenues compared to last quarter, as the frequency of larger transaction slowed. Within macro, our rates businesses were negatively impacted by low levels of volatility. This was partially offset by foreign exchange in emerging markets where discreet geopolitical events and pockets of volatility lead to stronger revenues. Commodities saw a sequential decline as there were fewer structured deals in the quarter. While the environment did weigh on the results, this quarter revenues underscores the progress the business has made over the last 18 months. Since we restructured our business in 2015, we have experienced various market backdrops. Clearly, some have been more favorable than others. We are encouraged by the consistency of recent results and are critically and credibly sized to service our clients as the backdrop evolves. Average trading VaR for the period was $51 million up versus $44 million last quarter. We deployed capacities to support accretive client opportunities. Now turning to wealth management, which reported another record quarterly revenue and pre-tax profit result. The revenue and margin achievements underscores the businesses ability to benefit from the scale of the platform. These results were achieved despite a normalization in activity following a strong first quarter as retail sentiment reflected the same uncertainties faced by our institutional clients. Second quarter revenues were $4.2 billion a 2% sequential increase. The PBT margin 25% slightly above our full-year 2017 target range reflected growth in fee based revenues and operating leverage. Client assets grew 2% to $2.2 trillion, fee based assets increased 4% to $962 billion were 43% of total client assets. While the department of labor fiduciary rule has contributed to these fee base close, the majority of the movements have been from non-retirement accounts, reflecting client’s choosing the enhanced service levels provided by this offering. We saw strong fee based asset flows of $20 billion. Higher asset levels and positive flows contributed to asset management revenues of $2.3 billion representing 5% growth relative to the first quarter. Net interest income of $1 billion was up 2% over last quarter, that benefit a higher rates and lending balances was partially offset by lower deposit levels. This reduction in deposits reflects both typical seasonal client tax payments and deployment of cash into the markets. NII was further negatively impacted by higher prepayment amortization. Wealth management lending in the U.S. banks grew by about $3.5 billion in the quarter or 6%, as clients drew on their SPL lines to manage liquidity needs, a trend we often witnessed in the second quarter. Year-to-date our NII of $2 billion is up approximately $340 million or 21% compared to the same period last year. While market expectations for additional rate hikes have lessened. We remain comfortable with the full-year NII guidance provided in Q1. In particular, we expect to continue to benefit from further lending risk. Transactional revenues of $766 million were down 7% from Q1. While clients deployed cash into the market, the frequency of trading captured in brokerage accounts decreased from the previous quarter. Again, mimicking the pattern witnessed in the institutional space. Lower mark-to-market gains on our deferred compensation plans were also a driver of the sequential decrease. Total non-interest expenses were essentially unchanged versus Q1 highlighting the operating leverage in this scale business. Lower compensation expenses were offset by seasonally higher marketing and business development and professional services expenses. The compensation ratio was below our full-year target of 56%. Looking forward, we remain optimistic about the outlook for this business and the value of its contribution to the firm’s business mix. Annuitized revenue continue to grow with fee based assets and increased loan balances. Additionally, our investments into improving our digital capabilities will enhance future productivity and provide more operating leverage to the franchise over time. Investment management witnessed a solid quarter with strength across both asset management fees and investment results. Total net revenues were $665 million up 9% quarter-over-quarter. overall, AUM grew 3% to $435 billion driven by investment performance with particular strength across our active equity strategies. We also saw positive flows across our equities, fixed income and alternative businesses with strong capital raising internationally. On the back of higher AUM, we saw a commensurate 4% growth in asset management fees to $539 million. Investment revenues were up 28% to a $125 million driven by gains in our infrastructure and real estate funds. Despite the 9% revenue increase, overall expenses were up only 3% quarter-over-quarter. Turning to the balance sheet, on a sequential basis total spot assets of $841 billion were up $9 billion and average assets were up $12 billion reflecting continued support of client activities within the sales and trading businesses. Our pro forma fully phased in advance RWAs are expected to be up approximately $22 billion versus the first quarter to $381 billion driven by higher market RWAs consistent with the increase in VaR metrics over the quarter. As a result, our pro forma fully phased in Basel III advanced common equity Tier-1 ratio decreased approximately 70 basis points sequentially to 15.9% which remains in line with our pro forma fully phased in Basel III standardized common equity Tier-1 ratio. We continue to expect the two ratios to remain relatively close in the near-term. Our pro forma fully phased in supplementary leverage ratio for the quarter remained at 6.4%. During the second quarter, we repurchased approximately $500 million of common stock or approximately 12 million shares. Our tax rate in the second quarter was 32%, we continue to expect our tax rate for the remainder of the year to be in the 32% to 33% range. This quarter’s results reaffirm that our strategy is working. As James said at the outset, this quarter represented an important test of our model. Notwithstanding a challenging trading environment we achieved a 9% ROE on account of our balanced business mix and the resiliency of the franchise. However, investors slightly remains fragile. The same questions that lingered around timing and achievability of the administration’s policy initiatives at the end of the first quarter remain unresolved as we enter the third quarter. In addition, the market continues to grapple with mixed economic data and questions around the timing and pace to monitory policy tightening. This dynamic may continue to weigh on activity and sentiment in addition to typical seasonality in the summer. At the same time, we should not lose focus on the broader macroeconomic issues that could have a materially positive impact to our business. After years of headwinds for the industry, we are finally starting to see some tailwinds that can be promising for our business in the long-term including the potential for tax reform, sensible regulatory change and a rising interest rate environment. We are confident that we will achieve our stated goals. With that, we will open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Glenn Schorr: First question on wealth management, I noticed the deposits down 7% I think, sometimes its seasonality and then sometimes it’s cash deployment. I’m just curious, how you attribute some of that and also if this is late competition and what we expect on deposit data, if there are more rates hikes?
James Gorman: Sure Glenn. I think as I mentioned in the script, it was a combination of both. Clearly, we normally see in the second quarter PBT deposits going down, because of tax season. We also saw continued deployment into the markets. I don’t think, we have seen a lot of deployment into other cash product. So again from a competitive dynamic, I don’t think it’s a rate story, I just think it’s an opportunity story. We’ve started a couple of quarters ago initiating some other strategies around the deposits including premier cash management product and some CD products and we’ve got a couple of billion dollars in those products. So we feel good about the overall deposit franchise and the overall ability to fund that business as we continue to see growth in the asset side.
Glenn Schorr: So maybe bluntly, if we get a couple more rate hikes do you capture the majority of it - even without as us said a rate story. Do you have to hike along the way or are the clients looking to participate in that move-up?
James Gorman: I think the best indication of how we feel about that is really looking at the NII line, which is as you know has been a very good story for us. All right, back in 2012, we had a $1.6 billion of NII in wealth business, last year was $3.5 billion grew more than $500 million. In February, we talked about what we thought we would see and we thought we would continue to see good growth in the NII line, albeit at a slightly slower pace. Year-to-date were at $2 billion, which is up over $340 million over last year. So again, we feel very confident about that story, it is reliant on the lending growth, which we saw a good growth across all the product this quarter. So we feel good about that, I think the composition is a little different, your comments about betas, generally the betas have lagged what we’ve modeled. So that’s been a positive, we’ve also, if you go back to the first quarter, remember what the curve looked like, I think we’ve gotten rate hikes faster than we thought back then. On the other side of the ledger, you just mentioned the deposits are down. So, we brought down the liquidity pool in the banks as well as started to use other savings and deposit products as well as some wholesale funding to support that business. And then lastly, we clearly, we didn’t model any pre-payment acceleration that we saw in the second quarter as rates went down. So on balance, we are very confident with where we are on NII and it’s been a good story, but the composition has been a little different.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brennan Hawken with UBS. Your line is now open.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. So, first on [Indiscernible] really again encouraging to see the sustained stability, say that a few times - now that clearly you demonstrated some stability here after the repositioning. Has there been a shift in mix. Can you give us a sense for the different business lines now that the business has been adjusted and can you also - I know you mentioned Jon that commodities were down sequentially, but was this quarter extraordinary from your perspective we’ve heard some mixed things from some of the competitors some additional color there will be great. Thanks.
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure I’ll try. You know I think the way I would look at it is the results clearly just reflect the environment that we were operating in. if you look over year-over-year the results are pretty flat. So, when we look at the individual product mix, as I did mention our rates business given the low volatility is down, yet our FX did a little bit stronger particularly in the emerging market areas. Credits were hung in there, less movement in credit spreads this quarter, but again comparable type of results in light of effected the year-over-year results were essentially flat. So we feel good about the business, commodities are also down a little bit, less activity and a tighter trading band there, but the results reflect the moves and the changes that we made and the results reflect that the business is really starting to come together and jelling and I think we feel pretty good about the results in light of the environment.
Brennan Hawken: Right. So I guess from your perspective paraphrasing you said that commodities were tough, but not necessarily extraordinarily difficult or remarkable in that way?
Jonathan Pruzan: Yes, listen the commodity business that we have has been totally reshaped and resized, more traditional sales and trading supporting our client base. It’s a smaller contributor for us. So the movements are not that dramatic.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steven Chubak with Nomura. Your line is now open.
Steven Chubak: Good morning. So, wanted to started up with the question on wealth management and pre-tax margin, certainly encouraging to see that you guys eclipse the 25% target for the quarter. I’m just wondering as we look ahead to the second half, given a number of favorable trends for the business that Jon you had cited whether it’s strong fee based conversions, healthy loan growth and NII expansion. I’m wondering barring any market exogenous market shocks whether you can sustain margins above that 25% target for the remainder of the year.
Jonathan Pruzan: Listen, I think you highlighted what we think is driving that margin. Right now, with the rates and higher markets those are good trends that will drive our asset base fees as well as our NII, our lending growth has been solid, I think the one area of potential volatility or softening is around transactional. We are heading into the summer months, but again, I think the tailwinds for this business are very good. We saw really nice operating leverage here, we saw really nice growth across all products in the lending book and we feel very good about the results, I mean the PBT at $1 billion plus is obviously a record and it’s a really important contributor to the overall franchise.
Steven Chubak: Thanks and just one follow-up on capital. You guys had outlined a couple of the potential benefits to your business in terms of capital release that were outlined in the treasury white paper. One of the areas that’s getting quite a bit of focus is this notion that the prospects for cash and liquid assets to be exquisite from the SLR denominator. And I’m wondering given the Tier-1 leverage constraint in CCAR of 4% appears to be a binding constraint for the moment. It’s not clear weather that carve out is going to apply to that measure. I didn’t know if you had had any feedback from regulators as to whether they were considering that possibility and what that might mean for you guys in terms of capital release?
Jonathan Pruzan: On the first part of the question I think clearly the reform around SLR would be helpful for a variety of reasons whether or not it’s our binding constraint this quarter or next quarter is certainly not a foregone conclusion. So there could be some benefit from that but we also think there is just general benefit with that calculation in terms of what it means for their overall sales and trading businesses. But I do think there are several changes have been discussed or that are being discussed that would clearly help our position including around the balance sheet and how you think about capital actions going forward. So I think it’s a little early on 2018 CCAR to sort of have a prediction, but clearly we were pleased with the results, if you look back at year ago where we were versus what came out of the report a couple of weeks ago with a 100%ish payout and a 33% increase in capital return and a clean report we’re very pleased.
James Gorman: I would just add on the leverage ratio, specifically, we have argued for a number of years and present to regulators for a number of years that the fact that a balance sheet growth during the time of financial stress is hard to understand how that happens. As such depreciate assets run off, new businesses not gathered, it would be hard to imagine in fact during the crisis in the years following of our own balance sheet obviously shrink dramatically both through our actions and through market activity. So the leverage ratio constraint is made more acute by the fact that the denominator is growing at I think it’s about 4.5% a year for the nine quarters. There being quite a lot of sympathy to that view that if we should look not at some blanket growth rate, but what actually experience was during the crisis and during other periods of financial stress. And I think that experience would largely hold up the balance sheet shrink. So if you just held our balance sheet flat for that time period, that would have a material impact on our leverage ratio. So I think there is certainly a good dialogue going on through the treasury white paper and with the regulators on that topic alone.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our next question comes from the line of Guy Moszkowski with Autonomous Research. Your line is now open.
Guy Moszkowski: Good morning. Just looking at the VaR and the [indiscernible] metrics, which you talked about and floated up on average basis, I guess it’s about an 8%, depending on which one you look at. So could you give us a sense for given that those are average daily I guess metrics. What we look like at on a spot basis towards the end of the quarter, should we be expecting that these things will close down again?
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. A couple of things. So on the VaR metric, obviously the 51 million was the average for the quarter. If you have queue, it was actually 57 at period end at March 31. So that actually came down overtime and it has actually continue to come down and the spot period end will be lower than the 51 that we said. On the RWA comments, actually some of the calculations are daily average volumes, some of them 12-week averages. And the VaR metrics are important in those calculations. So I think the same trend that we’ve seen in the VaR would be consistent in terms of how we finished out quarter end in that metrics. With the ratio that we have at CET1 even at the 16 or 59 level, we’re still obviously very, very strong in terms of our capital positions.
Guy Moszkowski: Great that’s helpful. And then just my follow-up question is more targeted on SIC. Specifically given the success that you have had in generating revenue even in a period like the one that we just had which was certainly weaker characterize by low vol, et cetera on the things that you have said. Would you consider raising your quarterly average expectation from that $1 billion number that you’ve been talking about for quite a while now?
James Gorman: Guy, I’m surprise, it took somebody this many questions to get to let’s trace the targets discussion. We just went on the pre-tax margin a few questions ago. I think the short answer you know and it’s no. We’ve been pretty consistent, we took these targets for proof of business model for this year. We’re going to stay with them. We think, listen, we were - recall certain fourth quarter 2015, we were doing 500 million and 600 million in SIC first quarter of 2016, I think if memory serves its about 800 million. A billion dollar number on a study run rate basis is a good number with 25% less people much smaller organization, much more focused organization. If we consistently do better than that and that’s terrific. But I don’t think, the point of setting the target to establish, what we needed to prove to ourselves on an average run rate for the business to justify the expenses in capital balance sheet that we put behind it at that level. Everything we do better than that with the same expenses capital and balance sheet is obviously a gift.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jim Mitchell with Buckingham Research. Your line is now open.
Jim Mitchell: Good morning. Maybe a follow-up in the SLR and the treasury report. If we assume that both the Tier-1 leverage ratio and the SLR treated similarly by exempting cash and maybe short-term treasuries. How do you think that impacts the business, I guess, I think a lot of people are asking the question of? Is this a revenue opportunity to kind of re-expand the business whether it would be REPO or other businesses or is it really more of an excess capital story. Just trying to get a sense of, if you think business has been held back by the SLR?
James Gorman: Let me tell start with and Jon might want to add to it. First and foremost this is a capital question. We believe, we are over capitalized. There were good reasons for that several years ago as we were coming out of those financial crisis, we had a dividend of $0.05 a quarter, we’ve raised that four years in a row to $0.25. Our initial buyback program was zero then went to $500 and it’s now all the way up to $5 billion over five year period. And our payout ratio is closing in on 100%. So we clearly believe that we are over capitalized and for good reasons we were coming off the crisis and we needed to shore up our defenses. There is plenty of opportunity for business expansion with the amount of capital we have today. The more fundamental issue is what is the right level of capital this firm should hold. Are we holding too much capital, because the way the leverage ratio is being constructed, what is the right denominator for the SLR, in fact what is the right ratio. In Europe it’s 3% of the balance sheet and that the growth of balance sheet. In the U.S. they took the [indiscernible] balance sheet ratio of 5% and attached it to this SLR balance sheet from Europe. So we sort of ended up with a fairly [draconian] (Ph) answer. I think let’s start with number one, if the trades in other type securities can be taken out of the SLR that obviously make sense. Number two, to not gross up the balance sheet under the core leverage ratio make sense. And I think we have capacity at that point both for further capital distributions and for sensible business growth. You saw the RWAs bounce a little bit this quarter, that was consistent with sensible business growth, there was opportunity clearly Tier-1 capital ratio is another constraint or no way near it. So that’s the RWA constraint is not there for this firm at the moment.
Jim Mitchell: Okay. That’s helpful. And maybe as a follow-up on just the treasury report generally. Is there any other aspects of the proposals that you would be particularly helpful for your business?
James Gorman: I’m trying to remember all the aspects of the report, but I actually can’t do off the top of my head. I think clearly, I think there is a general recognition from the regulators all the way through the treasury that the Volcker Rule as it play out overtime straight a fair bit distance from Paul Walker initially envisaged, which was a simple restriction on the amount of capital put into proprietary invest and proprietary trading and but then frankly constrained on the ability of institutions to make markets and effective market liquidity. So I think the treasury reports spoke about that. There was reference to the fact that the banks are required to continue their payouts, not withstanding there in the period of financial stress for nine quarters, no bank board would authorize continuing on buyback program during a financial crisis, that clearly wouldn’t happen. You could holding the dividends static, but certainly the buyback shouldn’t be and that would have material effect on the institutions. So our approach has been and we’ve talked about this somewhat publicly recently, let’s focus on a few things that don’t require major legislative change, let’s see the basic architecture of Dodd-Frank in place. Let’s focus on some sensible changes, because we’ve now had eight years of experience and digest and see what worked and what didn’t. And the cumulative effect of a lot of these regulations in some cases end up if you will with a double counting. And I think the spirit of the treasury report reflected that. I think they are focused on sensible pragmatic change, they are not focused on trying to redo the whole legislative agenda. And I think that’s the right approach.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Your line is now open.
Devin Ryan: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Maybe first here just in wealth management, you’ve recently outlined the digitalization strategy, which was very helpful and with respect to the [robo] (Ph) offering, it sounds like you’re not going to be able to focus on the children of the existing clients and some lower balance accounts which does seem to mark us with this generation of wealth transfer coming here and where the money is going to be over the next several decades. So as we think about that process, how do you protect against maybe some cannibalization of existing business as clients look at the lower price point. You know I guess the question is a revenue opportunity here just much more of an offset or do you just not think this as something that would appeal to some of your existing higher net worth clients for a portion of their accounts, it’s a just a different bucket.
Jonathan Pruzan: Yes, I think that your description of what we’re doing on the digitalization and the robo strategies is pretty accurate. Listen, we have a business that is built to cater to clients with wealth. Those wealth clients want advice, they want personal advice, we’re seeing it as we see the brokerage fee base flows coming out of brokerage into the fee based accounts. Obviously digital is going to be an important part of that strategy, but the digital only client is not someone right now that would generally be interested in the types of products and services that we have. We think the digital strategy is going to be important for both revenue opportunities longer term but also optimization and efficiency around what happens in a branch and how we free up people’s time to spend more time with their clients. So overall it’s a strategy that’s going to be built for the longer term but the thesis of our business is around providing people with personnel advice around their wealth and their planning.
James Gorman: I would just like to add to that because it’s an important question. We actually saw this maybe once before in 1999 when the direct players came out and the big fear was cannibalization. That would only have held true if people actually didn’t value the financial advisors and advice that we’re getting from those advisors. And it didn’t play out that way. The reality is the marketplace has different segments based on consumer preference and I think the digital strategy makes all the sense in the world. That’s clearly a segment whether they change their behavior as they become wealthy remains to be seen. But there is clearly a segment that wants to deal digitally just as so the segment that wanted to deal through direct brokerage trading and so on. But on the price sensitivity, it’s interesting, I think I’m right in this. If you look at the average basis points paid from the various robo platforms, they range in general like things from something like 20 to 40 basis points. If you look at the average basis points for a full service advisory like us, just divide our revenue into our assets including everything, you get somewhere in the 70s, low 70 basis points. So the value added of the financial buys and the institutions behind it and the research, the product offering, the new issued calendar you could argue is being putout there for 30 to 40 basis points. It’s not clear to me that, that is such an expensive gap that that’s going to lead to the cannibalization issues. I think it’s more that we just need a very compelling digital platform to deal with clients who want to deal with Morgan Stanley, but want to deal with us digitally and don’t want to deal through a traditional wealth management advisory relationship. That’s an exciting opportunity for us, frankly given our brand and add technology capabilities.
Devin Ryan: Okay, great. That’s great color, looking forward to seeing it. Maybe an equity is trading here, we’re six months away or within six months of method to in Europe I’m sure there is lot of corporation at the firm right now. So just curious with respect to expectations there, is this something that you feel like it will weigh on the research fee pool, but you’ll pick it up in trading market share or just Morgan Stanley is going to take market share of the overall equities pool. I’m just curious kind of how you would frame your expectations right now, this is we’re getting pretty close to be implementation?
Jonathan Pruzan: Yes. Well, I think, as you know, we’ve been preparing for a while both in terms of dialogues with clients, but also systems and technology related investments that we needed to make. But I would tell you, it’s going to be very hard to estimate what the impact of this is. Any time you have a change of this magnitude where you just sort of flip a switch. We would expect the potential for disruption to be pretty high, how would affects longer term structural markets, it’s still up in the air, we’ve global clients to already doing this. We have global clients, so we’re going to probably adopt it in all the markets. Even though, we don’t expected to be adopted in the U.S., we have some clients [indiscernible] off that European operation. So how it all plays out is certainly unclear. But given the fact that we are number one in the world in this business and we have a full service platform and intellectual capital and product. There is consolidation in a number of counter parties. We would expect to participate in that, but I think it’s a little early to make a call here and trying to estimate the impact is also probably a little early to make a call.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski with Oppenheimer & Company. Your line is now open.
Chris Kotowski: Yes. I mean recognizing the excellent outcome that you had in the CCAR capital return process. I have to say, I was surprised a week before, when the DFAS results came out that, that still shows Morgan Stanley has been severely impacted by the severely adverse scenario. That said, the booklet shows you losing 8.4 percentage points of capital and against the median of 2.8. And given all you’ve done and de-risking your balance sheet. I would have thought that we would have seen more progress in that and can you tell us what it is in the fed methodology that seems to cut against you, so disproportionally?
Jonathan Pruzan: Again, we were very pleased with the results. We had the same issue last year around DFAS and people sort of concerned with our outcome and about 100% payout ratio continue to increased capital return, part of our core strategy. We clearly have de-risked the balance sheet or RWA density is lower and basically every other firm out there, which is why you see some of that disparaging percentages. If you look at the leverage base ratio, as you get a slighter different picture. We clearly had de-risk, we’ve got and you’ve seen that through the dollar amount of losses that we’ve seen over the last several years have come down. We have met our strategic objective of increasing capital return. We still think we’re capital sufficient. When we came out in January of 2016 with that statement. We said, we were capital sufficient, we did not want to grow our equity base, we have grown our equity base a couple of billion dollars, but we’ve also supported our businesses and grown our balance sheet by $50 billion. So we’ve increased capital return and we’ve increased the size of the balance sheet and we feel very comfortable with our capital position.
James Gorman: Chris, we don’t have complete excess to the fed models as I think you know. The construction of operating risk capital, the various stress falls that are in there, counter party risks, how the trading book is managed, how you derive your PP&I, there is a hell of lot of stuff that goes into this. Our own submission was 45,000 pages. And frankly looking back at this point, I don’t think that’s going to be very valuable. The regulators and treasury are all focused on how to make both the models more transparent, the process more transparent and to make some sensible adjustments for it. So honestly I may not to be equipped about it, but I sort of don’t care what the past was. What I do care is that our distribution this year approved to is about $6.8 billion and five years ago it was $400 million. So let’s start with that one and number two, let’s see what changes comes through, we may all be pleasantly surprised, we may be in the same place we’re in, but we’re operating now currently with about 100% pass. So I would let this one play out a little bit and see what comes out of the treasury efforts.
Chris Kotowski: Okay. And I mean I guess the thing is right, just again if you look at the old way of doing it right, if you need at five, after the stress then you were losing eight or nine and you need one for a margin of safety that would suggest you need to see T1 ratio on a 14%, 15% on an operating basis, I mean is there an outlook for like operating at less than that?
James Gorman: I think you are torturing yourself by looking it backwards. Honestly, I wouldn’t do it. Focus on the big picture here. The big picture is, we distributed $400 million five years ago, we’re distributing $6.8 billion now and there’s the full review of the whole capital process being undertaken right now.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lim with Societe Generale. Your line is now open.
Andrew Lim: Hi there. Can I foresee a bit more new claim of excess capital? As things currently spanned [Indiscernible] scenario and that’s 3.2% slightly up to 3% minimum. So you’re maxing out your capital return here. You came with excess capital as contingent on changes kind of true form the treasury or as you say the fed being more lenient on how do you guys leverage [Indiscernible] stress scenario. And so I mean can you give a bit more color on that?
James Gorman: I’m really not sure what else I can say. We have consistently increased that capital payouts while the tests become consistently more severe, we’re now at a 100% payouts, by definition, any excess capital we have and gating constraint was the leverage ratio this year and we were above the gating constraint after we did our distribution, so by definition we are carrying excess capital. And our view is that, the way we calculate our capital needs to run our business, we continue to have excess above that, but we’re waiting for the outcome of the white paper and the various efforts from the regulators to see what changes take place, there are clearly going to be changes. How favorable they are and to what extent they fit Morgan Stanley remains to be seen is not going to be productive to try and guess that.
Andrew Lim: Right. Understood. And just a follow up question. [Indiscernible] background we haven’t heard anything like that for a long time now. But [indiscernible] when you might get some disclosure of the impact on capital ratios or the timing?
Jonathan Pruzan: Yes, I don’t think we have much more visibility than anyone else in this area. I think the thing that sometimes people fail to recognize is we obviously have this white paper and if you think about it, we are actually going to enter a period of refinement and adjustment to regulations versus where we were a year ago, where our expectation was incremental regulation for periods of periods of periods of time to come, we’re clearly going to be in a better place. Now how that plays out and what timeframe and what the actual changes are, it’s very hard to predict, but we are clearly entering a different period going forward that we have been in the last eight years.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Gerrard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Gerrard Cassidy: Thank you, good morning. Can you guys share with us once we get into a more normalized return on capital environment that we see in the future. What kind of dividend payout ratio are you guys comfortable with as we look further out?
James Gorman: You know I don’t think it probably serves us well to get a head of that discussion with the regulators and others. I think the current regulatory environment anticipates for the G-Sifi banks at payout ratios of something like 30% and for some of the smaller institutions I think they’ve gone higher than that maybe up to 40%. Whether that changes, you know post all the work being done, I don’t know we’re not at the 30% of this point. I think we’re close to it. So one way to think about our business which is I thought about it for a while the wealth management business is almost like a yield stock. So you can imagine the dividend coming out of wealth management earnings and obviously the institutional businesses are more volatile overtime. So they are more capital distribution businesses or capital investment businesses. But I don’t know Gerrard that we want to change what the targets that are currently being given to us by regulators.
Gerrard Cassidy: Okay, great. And then second in the supplement package, on page five you give us the total loans of the organization. And could you share with us some color on - I may have missed this I apologize if I did. Why the corporate loans were down 37% or so year-over-year and a little color behind that really good growth you’re seeing around the wealth management side where those loans are up 20%.
Jonathan Pruzan: I’m just flipping to page five, give me a second here. Okay, I think the changes in the corporate book are really around the size of the event book in sort of the event activity as well as some just overall management of the relationship book. The real story for us is as you mentioned has been in the wealth business as we continue to increase the penetration of our client base with lending products. The growth has been very good across all of our three core products the SPL, the mortgage and tailored lending. And we feel like we’ve got good momentum in the growth last quarter at $3.5 billion was pretty balanced across the business a little bit more skewed towards SPL and tailored versus mortgage given what happened in rates, but again that lending story we feel very good about, our levels of penetration of how many of our clients have lending products is still probably a bit below peer level. So we expect or feel good about the ability to continue to grow that and that’s been a real key driver to our wealth business.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Christopher Wheeler with Atlantic Equities. Your line is open.
Christopher Wheeler: Yes, good morning. A couple of questions on wealth management. I think during the quarter we’ve had the news that I think yourself and couple of your big competitors are now stepping back from filing away experience financial advisors and obviously in doing obviously reducing the cost of amortizing the [indiscernible] senior producers. I would like to perhaps understand how that perhaps progressing, how you’re getting on with that because obviously it’s a big change. And then perhaps to sort of link it up with the end of the Smith Barney payouts and talk about what you think this might do to your pre-tax margin, because I think at one said you say it might add, once a Smith Barney payouts retention packages run out, I mean, next year. You might be adding 1.5% percentage points deal your pre-tax margin. So a bit of color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Jonathan Pruzan: I’ll go first on the second part of your question, which is the retention payments conclude in first quarter of 2019. Obviously, it’s a function of numerator and denominator, but 1.5% increase is a reasonable approximation and obviously that will drop directly to the bottom-line. In terms of the attrition in the recruiting that we’ve seen is clearly slowdown and that is obviously helpful both in terms of just ins and outs. The expense associated would bring in new FAs, but also when a FA leads generally they’re book goes with them or a good chunk of their book goes with them. So just lower levels of recruiting and lower levels of attrition has been overall helpful to the business.
Christopher Wheeler: And when you just want to decide whether do you think your competitor is holding the line, but it does seem like the beneficial move, but there are one or two players out there, of course, still sort of quite came take away some of your senior people?
James Gorman: Listen, these are big organizations. Our major competitors each have, I don’t know 10,000 to 15,000, 16,000 advisors. if you have 1% attrition that’s three-people a week. So it’s not like going to have movement, you’ll always have moment Chris. I think what’s changed structurally with the industry is frankly, there are fewer competitors, if you think Morgan Stanley, Morgan Stanley is now a composites that includes Dean Witter Reynolds & Company, Robinson, Humphrey, Legg Mason, Smith Barney, Shearson, Hutton. And probably some that I’m missing, all of which use to compete against each of it, recruit against each of it. So it’s a consolidated industry, the big and small films continue to recruit, there are fewer numbers, all that I think the deal structures have become shall I say more sensible, there was a bit of a crazy period there. So, yes, but there will always be some recruiting and that make sense to many people ever right to getting work whether want to work.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brian Kleinhanzl with KBW. Your line is now open.
Brian Kleinhanzl: Okay thanks. Maybe just a first question on equity sales and trading. I think this is probably third or fourth quarter now, you called out strength and time broker. As a driver of those revenues, can you maybe give us a little bit more color as to what’s driving that strength? Is it by region, is it existing clients more active, is it client growth?
Jonathan Pruzan: The simple answer is yes to all of those. Very strong quarter, the growth was across all of the regions, particularly stand out being EMEA, given some of seasonality there. Balances are up, we continue to invest in the balance sheet. And so, again it’s been a very good story for quite some time, it’s the full service platform and our clients have been very responsive to that.
Brian Kleinhanzl: And then second question, can you give us an update on kind of where the banking pipeline stand especially for M&A, it seems like there is been pick-up and activity thus far early in the third quarter, I mean how does the pipeline stand at the end of the second quarter versus first quarter?
Jonathan Pruzan: I would say that, first of all its very early in the third quarter, point number one. I would say that’s a IBD pipeline, it’s clearly healthy into the third quarter. I think if we look specifically advisory, it’s probably down slightly. But overall, the equity and, debt underwriting remains healthy. IPOs backlog is healthy and broad and activities picked up really nicely here. So again a healthy environment. We are going into the summer months, so we’ll have to see how that impacts us as well as all of the sort of policy uncertainty, uncertainty that we talked about in the past. But right now, pretty healthy.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. That concludes the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-19 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Sharon Yeshaya - Head of Investor Relations James Gorman - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Jonathan Pruzan - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Brennan Hawken - UBS Jim Mitchell - Buckingham Research Glenn Schorr - Evercore ISI Steven Chubak - Nomura Guy Moszkowski - Autonomous Research Eric Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Securities Matt O’Connor - Deutsche Bank Fiona Swaffield - RBC Capital Markets Devin Ryan - JMP Securities Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities Andrew Lim - Societe Generale Michael Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Sharon Yeshaya: Good morning. This is Sharon Yeshaya, Head of Investor Relations. During today’s presentation, we will refer to our earnings release and financial supplement. Copies of which are available at morganstanley.com. Today’s presentation may include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to our notices regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures that appear in the earnings release. This presentation may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent. I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James Gorman: Thank you, Sharon. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. At the beginning of 2016, we laid out several strategic priorities that we aim to achieve in 2017. The most important of which was to generate an ROE within the range of 9% to 11%. Other priorities included achieving a wealth management pre-tax margin of 23% to 25%, delivering on project streamline and improving results across our fixed income division. These priorities were consistent -- were contingent upon modest revenue growth, a continuation of our capital distribution plan and the absence of any outsized litigation expenses or penalties. 2017 has started well. We remain focused and continued to demonstrate strong expense discipline. Wealth management recorded a pre-tax margin well within our target range, and the fixed income division delivered revenues meaningfully north of our $1 billion average quarterly goal. These public markers, combined with continued strength in investment banking, leadership and equities and improved returns in investment management, all contributed to one of the strongest quarters in recent history. The net impact of these efforts was an ROE north of 10%, again well within the range related to 12 months ago. We’re pleased to see the results of the many difficult decision and business growth initiatives best proved as we begin 2017. In addition, in the first quarter, the Federal Reserve announced that it did not object to our resubmitted 2016 capital plan. Separately, along with all our peers, we recently submitted our capital plan for the 2017 CCAR cycle. Strong capital return remains a critical element to our future success. All of that said, we live in uncertain times. You are well aware the political and geopolitical uncertainties that exist on the domestic front, as well as abroad. How this will impact markets during the rest of the year is too early to predict. We will remain nimble should the macro environment change materially. Notwithstanding these risks, given our business model and leading positions in several franchises,we expected continue to deliver appropritate returns in the absence of a major disruption. In addition to the obvious uncertainties, there are two notable policy areas that could meaningfully affect us in a positive way in the next several years; first, the potential for reduction of the domestic corporate tax rate. Almost all of our wealth management business and a significant part of our institutional securities businesses are based in the United States; secondly, the perspective regulatory changes. At the very least, it is hard to imagine the regulatory burden increasing from this point forward and some of the policy proposals being floated, make good common sense. Given Morgan Stanley’s very strong capital and liquidity position potential modifications could substantially impact us over the coming years. I am sure, we’ll talk a lot more about this at the rest of this call and in subsequent quarters. I will now turn over to Jon to discuss this particular quarter in greater detail.
Jonathan Pruzan: Thank you, James and good morning. Results in the first quarter were strong, aided by an active new cycle, improved sentiment and solid economic data. Firm revenues of $9.7 billion were up 8% compared to Q4. In the first quarter, CBT was $2.8 billion, EPS was $1 and ROE was 10.7%. Our performance was buoyd by typical first quarter seasonality as well as momentum, following the U.S. elections. Importantly, we produced results characteristic of constructive markets and we controlled expenses, highlighting the operating leverage in our business. Our efficiency ratio improved to 71% this quarter. I will spend a minute on our expenses and project streamline before turning to the businesses. Compared to the fourth quarter, non-interest expenses of $6.9 billion were up approximately $160 million or 2%. This increase was driven by higher compensation expenses, which rose 9% sequentially due to higher revenues and the impact of mark-to-market on our deferred compensation plans across the firm. Non-compensation expenses were down approximately $220 million or 8% quarter-over-quarter. Recall, Q4 included elevated seasonal expenses and a provision in connection with the tax reporting issue. Given fourth quarter seasonality, the year-over-year comparison maybe more relevant when trying to understand the impact of project streamline. Year-over-year revenues were up $2 billion while non-compensation expenses increased by only $100 million over the same period. These results demonstrate our operating leverage and discipline. We remain well on our way to executing roughly 200 expense initiatives that we identified as part of project streamline. This is included; using robotic process automation to consolidate our technology support; rationalizing our North American data centers and to modern and environmentally sound centers that now host high density technologies; and introducing a cloud based procurement platform, which uses more straight through processing and payments; informing more intelligent purchasing decisions. We also continue to implement the workforce strategy we have shared with you last year. During the remainder of 2017, our focus will be on completing the remaining initiatives and more importantly, on keeping these costs permanently out of the expense base. Now to the businesses. Our Institutional Securities franchise performed well in Q1. Our businesses built on Q4 momentum and produced strong results with total net revenue of $5.2 billion, up 12% quarter-over-quarter. Non-compensation expenses were $1.6 billion for the quarter, down 7% sequentially driven by lower seasonal expenses, partially offset by higher execution related costs. Compensation expenses were $1.9 billion, reflecting an ISG compensation to net revenue ratio of approximately 36% consistent with our target of maintaining a ratio at or below 37%. In Investment Banking, we generated $1.4 billion in revenues, an 11% increase over the fourth quarter. The increase was driven by strong underwriting results across both debt and equity, partially offset by a decline in advisory revenues. Advisory revenues for the quarter were $496 million, down 21% versus a very strong fourth quarter. Clients remain engaged and interested in discussing strategic transactions, and pipelines are healthy. Turning to underwriting, continued investor optimism combined with stable capital markets characterized by low volatility and tighter credit spreads, translated into strong underwriting activity in the first quarter. While equity volumes are still well below peak levels, Q1 represented a more constructive new issue market with low overall volatility and fewer specific risk events. Against this backdrop and with a strong pipeline coming into the new year, equity underwriting revenues were $390 million, up 73% versus the fourth quarter. We expect activity levels to remain healthy, although upcoming events such as European elections and continued policy uncertainty, may affect issuance windows. Fixed income underwriting revenues increased 26% sequentially to $531 million, driven by strength in investment grade bond and high yield financing issuance in attractive credit environment. Our sales and trading business performed well as constructive market conditions witnessed in the fourth quarter carried into the first quarter. Revenue increased 10% on a sequential basis to $3.5 billion. In equities, we were number one in the U. S. and expect to retain our number one global position. Despite a decline in volumes, first quarter revenues were $2 billion, up 3% compared to the fourth quarter. Results were driven by strength in both derivatives and cash equities in a more stable trading environment. The first quarter results underscore the importance of our product breadth and geographic diversity. We saw strength in Europe and continued stability in the Americas, which was partially offset by weaker results in Asia. Despite various economic and political challenges, we remain committed to our global footprint. Fixed income revenues in the first quarter were $1.7 billion, up 17% versus a strong fourth quarter. A constructive trading environment and uptick in client activity, variability in interest rate expectations and a favorable credit environment, contributed to these results. In our credit businesses, we saw continuation of the increased market volumes that followed on the back of the U. S. elections. Steady client activity and favorable market conditions across products, drove strong performance. In particular, our securitized product business performed well, driven by spread tightening and strong demand. Our macro businesses witnessed a sequential decrease in revenues. While our rates business benefited from increased client activity related to repricing of interest rate expectations in the U. S., this was partially offset by a decline in foreign exchange. After a challenging environment in Q1 2016, this quarter marks the fourth consecutive quarter with revenues in excess of our $1 billion target. The results have increased our confidence as the business has experienced good momentum, reinforcing that it is critically and credibly sized. Average trading VaR for the period was $44 million up versus a historically low level of $39 million last quarter. As we have discussed, the derisking of our balance sheet over the last several quarters has provided us with significant capacity to prudently raise VaR to support accretive client opportunities. In the first quarter, we saw both strong client demand and pockets of volatility, contributing to an increase in both spot and average trading VaR. Now turning to Wealth Management .In the first quarter, we reported record revenues of $4.1 billion, representing 2% sequential increase. The CBT margin at 24% was the highest since the Smith Barney acquisition and sale firmly within our 2017 target range. Importantly, drivers of this business are healthy. We witnessed increased fee-based asset flows, additional lending, better client engagement and eliminate FA attrition. Client assets reached $2.2 trillion, a record high, reflecting rising domestic and global equity industries. Fee based assets increased 6% to $927 billion, including net asset flows of $19 billion. This represents the highest fee based asset flows since 4Q14. Asset Management revenues were flat sequentially. Higher asset levels and positive flows were largely offset by the effect of fewer calendar days in the quarter. Net interest income was up modestly. The benefit of higher rates and loan balances in the first quarter was partially offset by the impact of lower prepayment amortization in the fourth quarter. Year-over-year, we have seen strong net interest income growth of 20% and we remain confident with the net interest income guidance we provided in February. We are positioned to continue to benefit from higher rates and lending growth. Bank lending balances were up $1 billion quarter-over-quarter. Transaction revenues of $823 million were up 6% from 4Q16. Higher mark-to- market gains on our deferred compensation plans had a meaningful impact on the sequential increase. Additionally, we witnessed a recovery in the underwriting calendar, especially in structured projects as issuers capitalize on increased retail demand for new issue product. Total expenses were flat versus 4Q as seasonally lower business development expenses were partially offset by higher compensation expenses. The compensation ratio of 57% was negatively impacted by seasonality and the impact of mark-to-market on our deferred compensation plans. Looking forward, we remain optimistic about the outlook for this business. The steady increase in fee based assets position us well to build our annuatized revenues. We continue to invest in our digital capabilities, which overtime, will encourage asset aggregation and increase FA and client engagement. We look forward to sharing more with you on this topic later this quarter. Finally, we are confident in the attractiveness of our platform and the opportunities that affords us to recruit and retain talent as the landscape continues to favor scale players. Investment management saw stable asset management fees and better investment results. Total net revenues were $609 million, up 22% quarter-over-quarter. AUM grew to $421 billion in the quarter. Market appreciation and equities and fixed income, and positive flows and alternative products, contributed to a modest uptick versus 4Q16. Asset management fees for the quarter were stable at $517 million. Investment revenues were $98 million, up $122 million compared to the fourth quarter, which was adversely impacted by the sales and markdowns of non-strategic third-party LP investments. Overall expenses were up 7% quarter-over-quarter, primarily driven by compensation expenses attributable to higher carried interest. Turning to the balance sheet. Total spot asset increased to $832 billion. As I mentioned earlier in the year, we had the capital capacity to increase our balance sheet if the client opportunities and returns justify the usage. Pro forma fully phased-in Basel III advanced RWAs are expected to be approximately $360 billion, down $10 billion from the fourth quarter, driven by lower operational risk RWAs. The reduction in RWAs contributed to a 70 basis point increased in our pro forma fully phased in Basel III advanced common equity Tier 1 ratio of 16.6%, bringing it more in line with our pro forma fully phased in Basel III standardized common equity Tier 1 ratio. As the two ratios have almost converged, we will be disclosing both, going forward. Our pro forma fully phased in supplementary leverage ratio for the quarter increased to 6.4%. During the first quarter, we repurchased approximately $750 million of common stock or approximately 17 million shares, and our Board declared $0.20 dividend per share. Our tax rate in the first quarter was 29%. This includes $112 million tax benefit attributable to the employee share-based payment accounting change adopted in January. This accounting change is permanent, and will impact our quarterly and annual effective tax rate. Given our stock vesting schedule, the most meaningful impact will occur in the first quarter of each year when restricted stock units convert into common stock. If our stock appreciates over vesting period, we will have a benefit and if our stock depreciates between the grant and vesting date, we will have an expense. This change, along with the variability of our geographic mix of business, will make the tax rate somewhat more volatile. We expect our tax rate for the remainder of the year to be in the 32% to 33% range. As James said in the opening, the strong results this quarter provide support that our strategy is working. The post election momentum continued into 2017 and provided a healthy backdrop for most of our businesses. Our M&A and underwriting pipelines remain healthy and macro events should continue to provide opportunities for our trading businesses. Our wealth business is performing well and has several tailwinds that have begun to materialize. Our investment management business have seen flows stabilize and better investing performance. However, questions around timing and achievability of the new administration’s policy initiatives, resulted in more sporatic client activity towards the end of the first quarter. This was consistent with a broader theme that began to crystalize in late March. The contrast between the strength of the global economy and the unease around U. S. policy outcomes and potential geopolitical streams. We’re cognizant that uncertainty can weigh on market physiology and activity levels. With that, we will open up the line to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Brennan Hawken with UBS. Your line is now open.
Brennan Hawken: So really encouraging to see securities business put up another good quarter. And so now that it seems like it’s pretty hard to argue, it’s not very much unstable footing, the restructuring worked out very, very well with that really repositioning. What are you focused on from here, when you think about the potential for less hostile regulatory environment. Where that might provide opportunities versus how your franchise is positioned, how should we think about that, going forward? And how do you balance the idea of potentially getting better returns in that business versus returning capital to shareholders. Could you help us how you're thinking about that?
James Gorman: Brandon, I think I'd have to write you a 10 page paper on that one, hell of an opener. Let me stop, because that's going to feed into, I suspect about two-thirds of the questions we get on this call. Firstly, just on the business, I mean; frankly, what we’re focused on is to do it for full year not for one quarter. Obviously, happy with the way the quarter turned out. I think the team did a terrific job in navigating an environment that was clearly not consistent through the quarter. As Jon said, the back half of March was much tougher than the early part of the quarter. So number one, is just keep executing; manage our expenses in the businesses where we can keep up share, pick up share in the businesses where we’re holding share, hold it; so that's number one. Number two, we are committed to returning capital in a meaningful and accelerating basis in the years ahead. And if we continue to accrete earnings of this level, there's no reason why we shouldn't keep doing that. And with that retire a number of shares that we're very focused on our share count. So the combination of dividend increases and further buybacks are critical to further driving the ROE performance of this firm. And not the only thing but they fully, given that drives the denominator, they’re pretty important part of the answer. We just submitted the 2017 plan obviously, getting the resubmission on 2016 done successfully was critical. The 2017 plan is we've had I think four or five years of dividend and capital increases. And I think it's fair to say that we like that trajectory. I'm not going to get into what our ask was but between us and the federal reserve until we get the results. But we retained a lot of earnings last year and we like to keep driving our capital returns up. So let me just leave it at that. On the regulatory front, there's huge moving parts, I mean -- and on fiscal policy; first the corporate tax rate, as we said, we have a large business that is almost entirely in the U. S. and large parts of the rest of the firm are in the U. S. So anything on the corporate tax rate front is positive to Morgan Stanley, and it appears likely whether it’s this year ultimately or next year, there will be movement on that rate. I suspect it will be a little more modest and some of the numbers that have been thrown out. But nonetheless, anything sub 30%, appears probable would be very positive. On the regulatory front, I think the weight of opinion is that while the U. S. financial system is demonstrably healthier than it was going into the crisis and in the years following, we’ve reached a point where the amount of capital burden and regulatory burden on the system and some of the elements of that and some of the lack of transparency elements are right for real change, and that has been acknowledged all the way from board members of the federal reserves on down. And so as we said, it's too early to predict what regulatory changes occur. But let me give you just a very simple one. If the banks are able to submit their CCAR plan, get the results bad and then submit what they capital ask is, there'll be no guessing about how much capital you have or you don't have. It would be up to the boards of directors and the banks to figure out what the right capital ask is given how much capital they've got. Had Morgan Stanley done that last year? We would have had $2 billion of extra capital to adjudicate on with that board. That's a simple and to me very obvious fix to stop the guessing of what capital you’ve had. I think there's a compelling argument to move a lot of these regulatory programs to every other year. We’re six to seven years into it. I think the system has been build inside the banks, which make them much more predictable. And in terms of the CCAR, CLAR resolution planning processes, I'm not sure putting all of these on an annual cycle, which is very expensive, very time consuming, is terribly additive. The amount of response time you have to those is matter of months before you resubmit again. So we’ll talk more may be on the call about some of the other specific things. But I think there are a number of very specific fixes that both relieve the expense and time consumption, now that the plans are relatively mature, without attracting all from the regulatory rigor that is necessary for strong and healthy banking system. And for those banks that are fully capitalized, which we clearly count ourselves among them, it provides them with an opportunity to return that excess capital to shareholders.
Brennan Hawken: That’s very helpful and really thorough. I know it was a pretty broad question, but thanks for that James. Taking in a little bit, we heard some -- there seems to be some momentum behind the SLR and may be some potential for changes there. Not asking you to predict what could change with that calculation. But just more broadly, if we do see SLR relief, what would you feel about as far as your PV business, how much further momentum do you feel like you can grow? And do you think that that should continue to provide a nice tailwind on to the equities business broadly, just given the non-box approach.
James Gorman: I don’t want to be evasive, Brennan. But I also don’t want to presume. I think there are too many contingencies in there, if this and if that then what would happen. I think it's fair to say the denominator in SLR clearly should be adjusted. And I think there has been lot of discussion in the White House in treasury and across the various regulatory bodies about that. And making it A, more consistent with the Europeans, I think there is also an argument by the way bringing the ratio, which is currently 5% of capital to the growth that balance sheet to the European level, I suppose 3%. So there are some pretty significant differences between different jurisdictions. And I think harmonizing those makes sense. I think you will see an adjustment to the denominator, the total balance sheet under the, what I suspect will be the ultimate new SLR rules. But I don’t want to predict, and I'm pretty sure Jon doesn’t either, on how that might affect our equities business and what that implies about our prime, so it’s a little early for that. We have a terrific equities business. We think our PB is the best on the street and obviously, that’s a source of focus and growth for the firm.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Jim Mitchell with Buckingham Research. Your line is now open.
Jim Mitchell: May be a quick question on -- you guys seemingly loss but gave up little market share when you trim 25% of the workforce, but it's obviously a strong momentum. Since then as you my guess is picked up recaptured some of that market share. What have you guys been doing differently? And do you think that momentum in market share can continue given where you are currently?
Jonathan Pruzan: Listen, we're been very pleased with the performance in that business, as you said. We had it, went through a major restructuring. We’re now generating significantly more revenues and we had before that restructuring with lower expenses and less people. So the operating leverage in that business has been very good. Our market share and momentum in that business has been good. And I think we feel confident that we will continue to be relevant to our clients, support other ISG businesses. And the ultimate results will really be a function of the markets. In a growing market, we would expect to participate in that growth. And in the shrinking market, it becomes more challenging and we would try to defend our positions.
Jim Mitchell: Maybe and just a follow-up on regulatory question. Seems like everything is moving your way except where there has been some discussions about new glassed eagle would look like. If it’s similar to the ring fencing in the UK, is that something that concerns? Or how do you think about that that’s your wild card?
James Gorman: I get a little concerned when somebody tells me everything is moving our way. We have a lot of years where everything has not being moving our away. So it’s nice that something is moving our away, and I’ll leave it at that. I heard one of my peers say every time he hears about 21st century glassed eagle, he ask everybody around what the heck does that mean. I’m not sure what it means, maybe there’s a ring fencing along that sort of vickers rule in the UK. Again, we have a very different business model from the universal banks, but we do have a significant deposit business. And I am comfortable on a global competitive basis the more pure investment bank models would be least effective by that kind of structure or holding company structure with separate divisions with so called ring fences around them. But it’s a little early. I don’t really don’t want to guess. I mean, I think there is and should be in zero appetite for reshooting glassed eagle itself, obviously. And happy to see that that seems to be the prevailing view. But whether we move to this ring fence model, I’m pretty confident we can deal with that here at Morgan Stanley. But I don’t want to predict whether we get them on our own.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Glenn Schorr: Maybe I’ll try a little bit more color on FIG business, and obviously the great growth over the last four quarters. I guess I’d like to get towards, and I appreciate you don’t want to spell-out business-by-business underneath the covers. But maybe how diversified across products has the growth been, what your biggest business? Or how do you would define your identity? I think it’s been great, we’re just looking for more color.
James Gorman: The best way to describe it is just look at the quarter-over-quarter results and describe the macro backdrop that we were operating under. We had really good performance in the Americas around our credit businesses, good environment there, both tightening spreads and activity levels, securitized products, as well as the credit complex more broadly. On the macro side, given what we’ve going out with the Fed and the guessing game of when and how, we did see more activity. And our rates business was stronger in the quarter, that was offset by the FX business where we -- it's a smaller business for us, but it was still impacted really by really low volatility in that sector, as well as less client engagement. And then commodities, which is a smaller business for us now, performed well over the stable environment. So a reasonable amount of hedging activity, and client engagement there. So broadly speaking, a good quarter for the businesses and the strength was pretty much across all products, except for really FX.
Glenn Schorr: That actually helps a lot, defined on the product that level. Geographically, do you have a stronger weighting in the Americas, or is it reasonably global diverse?
James Gorman: Definitely, the global footprint is important. But basically in all of our ISG businesses, the Americas would be the biggest contributor. You see our revenue breakdowns, I know as a firm and the supplement which has about 70% of our revenues coming, give or take from the Americas. But we do have strong footprint in both EMEA and Asia and so we had good performance across the board.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steven Chubak with Nomura. Your line is now open.
Steven Chubak: So want to kick things off with a question on CCAR in the capital stack, your CET1 ratio is clearly very strong. As we await the results for the upcoming CCAR exam, historically, leverage has tended to be a bit more constraining for you guys. And with the inclusion of the SLR in this upcoming test and also given the latest preferred issuance you announced, I was hoping you could just shed some light on how the introduction of the SLR constraint actually informs your thinking in terms of excess capital; and how we should expect you to manage the capital stack going forward, whether we should see some incremental pref issuance from here.
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. So as you said, first of all, in terms of our capital and how we think about it, a couple of quick things; one, in the beginning of '16, we said we were capital sufficient for the business mix and our risk profile. James did mention we accumulated capital over the course of the year. We have started to put some of that capital back into the businesses. We grew the balance sheet a bit here in the first quarter. It's the first time in a while that we've done that, but we saw a good client engagement and good return opportunities. CCAR is our binding constraint when it comes to capital. And as you highlight, the leverage ratio has historically for at least the last two years been what has been our lowest ratio post stress. SLR new this year, again the models aren't particularly transparent but we'll have to see what the results are when we get them back in June. But we have generally been more constrained around leverage than we have around the risk rate asset ratios because we've taken risk dramatically down -- our RWAs dramatically down, particularly in our fixed income business. So leverage still the constraint and then I think your last comment was on the stack. We did do a preferred issuance, it's been effective, a cost effective capital contributor. And we'll just obviously have to see what our results are and what the markets are going forward to determine how we manage that stack.
James Gorman: I would just give, add something to that. I mean the constraints and the way that supplemental leverage ratio is going to play out, all presume but the current CCAR methodology and approach continues as is. And again, back to some of the -- what I would regard as practical fixes to CCAR, I give you one in addition to ones we kicked off this with. The banks are required to continue to presume they will distribute -- do their buybacks for nine quarters after we're in a billable scenario. So in our case, the buyback last year was 3.5 billion, nine quarters is approximately 7.7 billion. So you're carrying effectively 7.7 billion, but in theory you continue to payout to shareholders for nine quarters after in a billable scenario. Not only is that unlikely but there is a very easy fix for that. You could had the board sign a letter or give the federal reserve feeder right to eliminate the buyback program the moment we get into this kind of scenario, that would be a very easy fix. I understand the logic of holding banks whatever their dividend program is because in previous crisis some banks did not cut their dividends to try and evidence strength. But there is no bank board that we continue to buy back stock when their capital is being depleted. So that of itself creates an enormous capital access sitting inside these institutions before you get to which leverage ratio, which constraining ratio it bumps into. So fixes like that, which are pragmatic, sensible just obvious things that could be done to make the thing more transparent and more realistic about the way they real operates, I think is part of what I hope the new administration is going to be looking at it. And I think they should look at it because U. S. financial system should be operating on the same footing as financial systems around the world.
Steven Chubak: And actually it’s interesting, because certainly Trula Velez had advocated for some of those practical changes as part of his stress capital buffer approach. But also as part of some of those proposed changes that he outlined and this was back in September, did note that we want to include surcharges in the CCAR exam as well. And didn’t know if you could just provide some thoughts as to whether you thought some of the changes that he outlined were in fact sensible, since he is no longer in that seat and there is -- it's unclear whether some of those changes he outlined will in fact be implemented.
James Gorman: I don’t want to speak for formal governor or Trula. Obviously, I read the speech and had this discussion many times. So I think that change in the second one was the balance sheets grow during the times of financial stress. I don’t know how you have balance sheet growth and unless you do an acquisition. So again, it is clearly illogical to have balance sheet growth during a time of financial stress. The assets would depreciate in value and institutions will be shrinking not growing. So those two things, the buy back and balance sheet growth, drove up the capital levels. When you took those out I guess the view in that speech was you would simply replace that with a buffer. Well to me that’s just whether it’s balance sheet growth and holding buy back or buffer is kind of irrelevant. But the objective would seem to be in that case simply add a buffer of capital to the institutions. My question is why, why do they need that? If they're capitalized at the level where the global institutions are capitalized and some, it appears to me that that would be a perfectly proven place to start with. So I'm a big fan of commanizing the buy back and the balance sheet growth. I'm not a big fan of being taking that off the table, but simply replacing with a buffer. I don’t think that makes good sense.
Jonathan Pruzan: I think Steve one of the big challenges with all these questions is we just don’t know, and there is no new guidance for 2018. We haven’t gotten our 2017 results back, governor Trula did give a speech, but he is no longer in that seat, that seat is currently vacant. And until it gets filled then we get some more guidance, it's really just speculation at this point.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Guy Moszkowski with Autonomous Research. Your line is now open.
Guy Moszkowski: So we’ve talked a lot about capital, and I appreciate all the views on regulatory things that might change ahead or would make sense to change. I guess the question that I have been now that is what kind of visibility might there be to reducing excess capital over time, quite apart from regulatory change, which is of course hard to forecast at this point. Maybe you could give us some sense for the outlook in terms of further reduction in ISG’s capital consumption. Just from runoff over the medium term of legacy positions like long dated derivative. I couldn’t help, but notice, but you had $3 billion reduction and ISG’s allocated equity during the quarter?
Jonathan Pruzan: You did see our new -- the capital allocation for the year. As you know, we allocate once and then keep it steady for the current year. We did continue to derisk the balance sheet over the course of the year, and fixed income and then you can see the results that we brought down capital in that business. As I said before, we have capital capacity to grow that business. If the client opportunity there as well as the returns are there, I think we look at the sales in trading business now as one business and allocate resources to the business, and then try to optimize across the internal products, which were within that set. We increased our investment and the balance sheet this quarter, as I mentioned, in the sales and trading business. So we continue to see roll down of long-dated stuff, but I think at this point, it’s not really material and it’s not really part of the management of the business.
Guy Moszkowski: And then just a follow-up question to something that James mentioned earlier, specifically with respect to the CCAR. That was an interesting proposal that came out of Congress, actually to change the CCAR to every other year. And obviously, I hear you in terms of the potential cost saves. But is that really true, would you have to maintain significant apparatus and personnel, and maintain the systems and everything and probably one in parallel, overtime. Do you really save that much money from only running it every year? And I guess to put it in context, have you guys thought about what -- how that might compare to say the savings that you might be able to generate from a meaningful reduction in the Volcker risk reporting? How do those two compare in terms of cost saves?
James Gorman: Let me start-off with, forget about what the cost saves are, and just say what is the intended benefit of the CCAR process to determine if an institution has sufficient capital and the stability of the scenario. And if it has been sufficiently robust in testing its processes, its risk management, anticipating risks and arriving that conclusions. And it’s a qualitative and quantitative aspect of it. My point is that it is an enormous task. In our case it’s something like 25,000 pages, I think, Jon, we submit on an annual basis. And it takes an enormous effort by our regulators to digest; there are many, many meetings between the regulators and management; there are horizontal review teams across all of the fed reserve. And then eventually reporters produced pinning on whether you passed the quantitative and the qualitative by how much and various feedback relating to quantitative and qualitative. And then you resubmit again some months later. I just think the amount of time it takes to process all this information to meaningfully act on it, then the next annual submission appears very rapidly. So as a practical matter for an exercise of this rigor and substance, I think there would just be more value added in having people digest it for year and have really proper thoughtful responses over the longer time frame. Does it reduce the cost to the organization? Of course, it's just the time management from myself down through to the heads of risk, audit, finance, compliance, legal, all down through the organizations and the whole CCAR. And yes, it’s a huge effort internally and with external consultants in the preparation of the 25,000 plus pages. Is that the primary driver of this? No, in my opinion, the primary driver should not be expense driven, it should be outcome driven. What is the right outcome to achieve the best result, which the regulators and frankly tax payers and the institutions and the shareholders want. And I think a more thoughtful outcome would be every other year, given the magnitude of it, so that's really my focus. It's not about money saving, does it have the additional outcome that expense would come down and distraction for an organization, sure. But that's not the objective. We all want a healthy and very safe and sound financial system, nobody is pushing against that. I think more time to digest changes and adjust to them for institutions of this complexity on a two year cycle would just make good common sense.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Eric Wasserstrom with Guggenheim Securities. Your line is now open.
Eric Wasserstrom: Jon, my question goes to the net interest income, I know you talked a bit about it. But I'm a little confused still on the sequential trends, particularly as it relates to the cost of funds, which intuitively would have seen to have moved higher given rate hikes, both in December and recently. So can you just help me understand what's occurring there?
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. I think if you're looking at the asset sensitivity or the net interest income in our wealth business, which is generally where most of the asset sensitivity is, a couple of things. We've grown that line item quite aggressively over the last several years over $2 billion in the last four year, including $500 million of growth last year. What I said in February is that we still expect to generate good growth in net interest income, albeit at a slightly slower pace. And we still feel good about the guidance that we've given you. What we've seen now that we've been through three, I guess, rate hikes in the last year and change, is that the model data has been higher than what's actually happened, in terms of the deposit base. And we still think that roughly the 50% data that we've been using is the right, is a reasonable estimate going forward. But again, it's a model and we haven't really seen that many rate hikes over a long period of time, particularly given money market reform and digital products in terms of deposit behavior. So at this point, we still think it's a reasonably good estimate. But our performance in wealth NII is strong and we still feel confident that we can grow that business, because of the lending products that we're offering to our clients, as well as the benefit of the forward curve this year and the potential for future rate hikes.
Eric Wasserstrom: But specifically understanding that maybe the deposit data isn't as high as you’ve anticipated. How would that reconcile with the actual decline in interest expense that you saw in Wealth Management, sequentially? Was it a change in liability structure, or I mean I guess I'm just surprised that that number went down, given that rates went up twice over that time frame.
Jonathan Pruzan: You're referring to the 91 to 85?
Eric Wasserstrom: Correct.
Jonathan Pruzan: The $6 million, again, I don’t -- that’s a small number to track. I think that liability stack is pretty consistent quarter-over-quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matt O’Connor with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Matt O’Connor: I was wondering if you could take about the equities business, it was fairly to resilient year-over-year. Just a little more color on that. And then obviously one of the drags was in prime and you mentioned higher funding cost. Maybe just so I question, but I thought there be, maybe an offset where your funding cost go up where you can pass that along to the clients as well. So just talk about that, but then more broadly speaking, the fact that the revolver is quite resilient versus a fairly solid year ago level.
James Gorman: Sure. As you said, this is a very resilient business for us. We're number one in the world. We've got a very full service platform in providing intellectual capital for our clients globally, and the business has preformed quite well. We did see a pick up in cash and derivatives this quarter, PB was stable quarter-to-quarter. If you look at year-over-year, from the press release, we did see higher funding cost but that’s really a function of the increased liquidity that we’ve carried across the entire firm. And we allocate liquidity to those business, so that sort of that dynamic there; but again we're number one; we feel very good about our position; our performance was very strong, particularly in Europe this quarter; its global; we’ve got a good product set and we feel very good about our position and our continued momentum there.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Fiona Swaffield with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Fiona Swaffield: I have two questions on Wealth Management, could you talk lending growth, because to me it seems to slowed markedly. Do you think you will meet the targets you set out in the February presentation on the lending side, and where we're on penetration? And then separately just the non-compensation in Wealth Management, which was pretty low. I think you mentioned seasonal, but I mean its still looking good year-on-year. Is that something that that level could be sustained? Thank you.
Jonathan Pruzan: On the first point, when I do the second point first, because I forgot your first point. On the second point, the non-comps, we continue to manage aggressively non-comps across the firm. Wealth has been very good at that over the course of the last several years, improving the margins from below 10% to now its current 24% level. The seasonality when we go from a fourth quarter to a first quarter, it's not a great sort of non-comp expense comparison because of the seasonality and some of the spending accounts in the -- marketing of business expenses and wealth, but very strong expense discipline in that business and we would expect that to continue, and then on the target. so the targets that we put out or the guidance that we gave in February, I still feel very confident about, particularly since we, if you recall, at that point, we were looking at two rate increases probably one in the middle of the year and one at the end of the year. And we have seen one happen in March so it clearly happened earlier and the data has been a little bit better then we expected. So my confidence in that guidance overall in NII is still very high. The lending growth in the wealth products was good. As we said before, we would expect mortgage probably to slow, given the rising rate environment. But broadly speaking, the lending targets that we have are on track to provide the NII growth that we expect.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Your line is now open.
Devin Ryan: Maybe another one in equities here, we’re starting to get a number of questions on MiFID II as it moves closer. So being the leader in equities, it would be just great to get some perspective on what you’re hearing from clients and how you’re preparing for it. And ultimately, do you think this kind of a risk for the business or do you see an opportunity for Morgan Stanley to take more market share?
James Gorman: So just generally on MiFID II, as you would expect, we have been preparing for quite some time for the implementation in the beginning at 2018. There are operational and implementation requirements and cost that go with that and we budgeted for that, it’s mostly around IT and systems. And we expect to be in compliance in the beginning of ’18 when the new rule comes into effect. In terms of the impact, clearly when you have a change, there is probably the potential certainly early for disruption as people adjusted to the new rule. In terms of how that affects market structure longer term and whether people start trading with fewer counterparties or not, I think it’s too early to tell. But again, we are number one in the world in this business and we would expect to maintain that position. And if there is an opportunity for people to consolidate their trading counterparties, we would expect to be part of that benefit.
Devin Ryan: Just quick follow-up here, securities based loans begin some attention recently. I guess just maybe seeing a little bit more scrutiny and obviously, it’s been a nice product for Morgan Stanley. It seems like a nice natural product for your clients. I am just curious if there is any change in how you’re thinking about that product specifically within the overall bank mix?
James Gorman: No. Again, I think as you highlighted, it’s been a good product and an important product for our clients. It’s part of our full service product offering. Our clients like the products if it helps to manage their liquidity. It’s actually reasonably easy and efficient application process. And if you look at the rates relative to other products like HELOC and unsecured, it’s an attractive rate for our clients. So it’s a good product for the clients. From our perspective, it’s highly collateralized. The weighted average LTV on the product is a little over 40%. It’s really not a credit risk issue, it’s really -- the risk is really around operational risks of fraud. And we haven’t really seen any material losses in that business. So again we feel good, it’s floating rate, it’s a nice product for us to offer and it’s a product that our clients like.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Matt Burnell: I guess just following up on the question on MiFID, what’s going on in Europe. Jon, you mentioned Brexit as being a potential catalyst for volatility. Could you provide a little more color on that given the announcement this week of June election? And does that increase your view that there could be a greater level of volatility in the second quarter into the third quarter than you might have previously assumed?
Jonathan Pruzan: In terms of -- let me make some comments on Brexit, I don't recall saying increased volatility for Brexit. But clearly, we have been as have all of peer firms been trying to plan for Brexit for quite some time, we individually have an extensive network of offices and licenses across the EU 27. So we have options, several options that will work once we understand what the ultimate outcome is. We've been in Europe for 50 years, it's an important market for us and we’re committed to supporting our clients, whether that be from London or from some other location. I'm not sure the election changes that. Certainly, doesn't change our analysis of it. It's clearly another risk event out there for people to focus on and concentrate on. But I don't think it changes much of our work and until the election happens, we're more importantly some of the negotiations are more advanced, it's really hard to tell you what the ultimate market structure and outlook is going to be.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lim.
Andrew Lim: Just wanted a bit more clarity on the high interest rates, and how that’s coming through. You talked about the possibility to that you're on, but are you seeing any signs of having to pay any event or way to try and intensify deposit rates. And if not yet then maybe how do you expect that at some point in the future? And how -- at what level would you expect that to turn towards maybe a third or maybe a 50% of the higher interest rates for that to be paid away?
Jonathan Pruzan: As I mentioned, Andrew, the deposit pricing, our deposit pricing hasn’t changed dramatically here so the actual beta has been lower than the model beta. And I said, we continue to model about 50% beta and we think that's a reasonable expectation. But ultimately we'll have to see what happens around customer behavior and competitive dynamics and see how it plays out over time.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Michael Carrier: Just quick two on Wealth Management, so first one. Just on -- obviously, the trends have been strong, but just given you know what we've been seeing with the DOL in terms of delay and potentially it falls through. Just wanted to get a sense on how you guys are positioned if you’re seeing any impact in either direction? And then just on the deposits, it seemed like that you've dipped down a bit in the quarter. I didn't know if you already covered that. But if there was anything that drove that versus the underlying growth that we've seen long term.
Jonathan Pruzan: So on DOL, we've been very consistent in saying that we want to provide our clients choice and we will continue to do that with compliance solutions if DOL goes into effect. And we're prepared if it does to go into effect to be compliant. We've had good momentum broadly in the business. And some of the secular changes and secular flows that we've seen continue around fee based assets and just benefits accruing to scale players. So I think all of that momentum is playing well in our system, in our network. It probably has had a chilling effect on recruiting, attrition has been low. We are in attractive place to work and we've seen some good opportunities to bring in talent, so that’s all been positive from that prospective. And we'll ultimately have to see if DOL gets implemented, delayed again, or ultimately, I guess shelved. On the second question, Michael [multiple speakers] BDP seasonality. So it's obviously not a particularly large move but one of the comments I made about client engagement one of the ways that we gauge that metric is around what people are doing with their cash. So every quarter people receive dividend and interest. And periods of volatility around certainty, we've seen BDP balances grow, if people keep it in cash or take it out of the system. What we saw that quarter is significant investments and the dividend and interest going back into the market. We've seen some seasonality where that happens in the first quarter, both the combination of people putting that money to work but also cap season. So nothing alarming and real stability in our deposit base.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. That does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-11-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Cataldo - IR Tom Faust - CEO Laurie Hylton - CFO
Analysts: Glenn Schorr - Evercore Dan Fannon - Jefferies Ken Worthington - JPMorgan Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Michael Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chris Shutler - William Blair Robert Lee - KBW
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rachel and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Eaton Vance Corporation's Fourth Fiscal Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Dan Cataldo, you may begin your conference.
Dan Cataldo: Good morning and welcome to our 2016 fiscal fourth quarter earnings call and webcast. Here this morning are Tom Faust, Chairman and CEO of Eaton Vance Corp; and Laurie Hylton, our CFO. We will first comment on the quarter and then we will take your questions. The full earnings release and charts we will refer to during the call are available on our website, eatonvance.com, under the heading Press Releases. Today's presentation contains forward-looking statements about our business and financial results. The actual results may differ materially from those projected due to risks and uncertainties in our business, including but not limited to those discussed in our SEC filings. These filings, including our 2015 Annual Report and Form 10-K, are available on our website or at request at no charge. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Faust: Good morning, and thank you, for joining us. Today we’re reporting adjusting earnings per diluted share as $2.13 for our fiscal year ended October 31, down 7% from $2.29 of adjusted earnings per diluted share in fiscal 2015. This year’s lower earnings reflect a 4% decline in revenue and substantially unchanged adjusted operating expenses, due to the strong recovery in equity markets since the February vows and the company’s positive internal growth, our earnings power improved meaningfully over the course of the fiscal year, setting up favorable earnings comparisons in fiscal 2017. As Laurie will detail in a few minutes, we earned $0.57 per diluted share in the fourth fiscal quarter, an increase of 8% from $0.53 of earnings per diluted share in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 and about 2% from $0.56 of adjusted earnings per diluted share in the third quarter of fiscal 2016.  Income and net gains on seed capital investments contributed $0.01 to earnings per diluted share in the fourth and third quarter of fiscal 2016, and reduced earnings per diluted share by $0.01 in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. Performance fees contributed less than $0.005 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 versus the contribution of about $0.01 in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 and $0.015 in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. We finished fiscal 2016 with consolidated assets under management of $336.4 billion, up 8% from 12 months earlier and at 1% from the end of the third fiscal quarter. Consolidated net inflows of 4.8 billion in the fourth quarter equate to a 6% annualized internal growth rate, matching our organic growth rate for fiscal 2016 as a whole. Excluding our lower fee [ph] exposure management business, organic growth in assets under management was 3% for the fourth quarter and 5% for the fiscal year in total. While net flows and organic growth in AUM are standard measures of asset manager business performance, we find it increasingly important to understand and track organic revenue growth. Organic revenue growth as we define it represents the change in run rate management fee revenue resulting from net inflows and outflows taking into account the fee rate applicable to each dollar in or out. In the fourth quarter we realized organic revenue growth of 2%, a third consecutive quarter of positive organic revenue growth. For the fiscal year as a whole we had organic revenue growth of just over 1%.  [Technical Difficulty]
Dan Cataldo: Okay this is Dan Cataldo, apparently our call got cut off so we apologize for that. We're not sure precisely where we were when it cut off, but Tom is going to go back and start with the update on our custom beta business and again we apologize for this and if there are any questions as a result please don't hesitate to let us know.
Tom Faust: Hi, it's Tom again. So, my apologies if we don't pick up where things cut off, which we don't know exactly where the was, I talked about our four key growth initiatives and where we are with those in total and I had some specific comments about two of those, our customer beta and next year's initiative and so I'll pick up and just repeat what I may have said or I think I said at least to the group here, may have said publicly, but I'll start on custom beta. For those not familiar, this is suite of separately managed account strategies that combined the benefits of passive investing with the ability to customize portfolio to meet individual investor preferences and needs. Our custom beta lineup includes parametric core equities and EVM managed municipal bond and corporate bond ladders, compared to index ETS and index mutual funds, our custom beta offerings gives clients the ability to tailor their exposure to achieve better tax outcomes and to reflect clients specified responsible investing criteria factored tilts and portfolio exclusions. And like ETS and mutual funds, custom beta separate accounts can pass through harvested tax losses to offset client gains and other investments. Transition cost and taxes may also be reduced by funding positions in kind. Included in our presentation materials is the slide showing the growth of our custom beta strategies offered as retail and high network separate accounts over the past five years. As you can see our managed assets and custom beta strategies have grown rapidly year-by-year now approaching $45 billion. Fiscal 2016 net inflows of $9.2 billion represented 28% internal growth rate. Although custom beta fees are well below traditional active management this is a highly scalable business for which we see huge growth opportunities as we continue to build out the distribution network and product offerings. We recently launched a new website at custombeta.com which I encourage you to check out. Now turning to NextShares. I'll start by reminding that NextShares are new type of fund recently approved by the SEC that combines proprietary active management with the conveniences and potential performance and tax advantage of exchange for your products. Our NextShares solutions subsidiary holds patents and other intellectual property rights related to NextShares and is seeking to commercialize NextShares by entering into licensing and service agreements with fund companies. The first three NextShares funds were launched by Eaton Vance and began trading on NASDAQ in February and March of this year. Last month Waddell & Reed launched the first three NextShares funds by an advisor other than Eaton Vance. Also recently interactive brokers and automated global electronic broker and market maker began offering NextShares funds to retail investors and financial professionals through its investing and trading platforms. UBS continues to make good progress towards the goal announced in July of offering NextShares funds through its network of 7,100 financial advisors in the U.S. UBS’s plan is to begin offering NextShares on its brokerage platform in the first part of 2017 and then on its advisory platform later in the year. Every indication is that UBS is on schedule and committed to making NextShares a meaningful part of its U.S. fund business their support helps to answer the one remaining question that stands in the way of NextShares gaining broader adoption by fund companies, which is, where can we get large scale distribution. Assuming that everything at UBS remains on track their support sets the stage for NextShares fund launches by a wide range of leading funds sponsors in 2017. The three NextShares funds we introduced earlier this year now have seven to eight months of live investment and share trading experience, both of which have been consistent with expectations. All three funds are outperforming each share class of the corresponding mutual fund and their shares are trading at consistently tight bid/ask spreads and narrow premium discounts to fund NAV. As the investment in trading advantage of NextShares are demonstrated over a broader range of funds and experience by growing number of investors, we expect to attract more broker dealers in an ever widening array of funds sponsors and fund strategies to the NextShares opportunity. While true innovation is never easy we continue to be excited about the potential of NextShares, 2017 promises to be year of significant progress. In other notable developments, last months we announced the execution of a definitive agreement for Eaton Vance to acquire the assets of Calvert investment management. Founded in 1976 and based in Bethesda, Maryland, Calvert is a recognized leader in responsibly investing with approximately 12.3 billion in assets under management as of September 30. The Calvert funds are one of the largest and most diversified families of responsibly invested mutual funds encompassing actively and passively managed equity, fixed income and asset allocations strategies manage in accordance with the Calvert principal’s responsible investment. The investment performance for the Calvert funds is generally strong, 77% of assets and funds with MorningStar ratings of four or five stars as of September 30. Most of Calvert’s investment strategies incorporate consideration of environmental sustainability and corporate governance or ESG issues. The Calvert sustainability research department is dedicated to the evaluation of companies based on the ESG factors most relevant to their businesses. Done well this analysis can provide value even to funds and accounts that are not managed towards a responsible investing mandate. Responsible investing is widely recognized is one of the leading trends in the asset management industry today, appealing to investors who seek both financial returns and positive societal impact from their investments. Responsible investing has been embraced by many of Eaton Vance’s most important business partners, as two examples Morgan Stanly and Bank of America Merrill Lynch, have each announced major initiatives to support sustainable and positive impact investing. Given that particular appeal to younger investors, it seems highly likely that demand for responsible investing will continue to grow. As part of Eaton Vance we see tremendous potential to Calvert to expand its leadership position among responsible investment managers. By applying our management and distribution resources and oversight, we believe we can help Calvert become a meaningfully larger, better and more impactful company. The transaction is subject to fund shareholder approvals and other customer closing conditions and is scheduled to close on or about December 31 of this year. We look forward to welcoming Calvert to the Eaton Vance family. Since the purchase of our controlling interest in Atlanta Capital in 2001 and Parametric in 2003. Acquisitions of complimentary asset management business have been a key components of Eaton Vance business grow. In the acquisition of Calvert we have significant opportunities to further advance our growth objectives by helping Calvert achieve its full potential as a leader in responsible investing. That concludes my prepared remarks. I’ll now turn the call over to Laurie.
Laurie Hylton: Thank you, Tom and good morning. As detailed in our earnings release, we’re reporting adjusted earnings per diluted share of $2.13 for fiscal 2016 versus $2.29 a year ago. On a GAAP basis we earn $2.12 per diluted share in fiscal 2016 and $1.92 per diluted share in fiscal 2015. As you can see in attachment 2 to our press release, $0.01 adjustment to fiscal 2016 earnings per diluted share primarily reflects the closed-end fund structuring fees we paid in the third quarter for the 37% adjustment from recorded GAAP earnings in fiscal 2015 primarily reflects the onetime payment we made to terminate certain closed-end fund service and additional compensation arrangement. Excluding the payment adjusted operating income declined by 12% year-over-year and adjusted operating margins drop from 34% to 31% reflecting a 4% decline in revenue and operating expense that was substantially unchanged.  Our fourth quarter results show modestly improved revenue in profits both year-over-year and sequentially. We’re reporting adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.57 for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, compared to $0.53 for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, and $0.56 for the third quarter of fiscal 2016. Adjusted earnings for the fourth quarters of fiscal 2016 and 2015 are the same as reported GAAP earnings. While the $0.01 adjustment from reported GAAP earnings at $0.55 in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 reflects the closed-end fund structuring fees we paid last quarter. Fourth quarter revenue was up 2% versus both the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 and the third quarter of fiscal 2015. We maintained adjusted operating margins of 32% in the final quarter of the fiscal year, flat versus the prior quarter despite losing 2.9 billion in managed assets due to the October market decline. Although we've seen opportunity from modest margin expansion longer term we would anticipate that adjusted margins will likely stay in this range for the first half of fiscal 2017 given seasonal compensation pressures. As Tom mentioned asset growth in fiscal 2016 was strong, with average managed assets up 6% in comparison with the prior fiscal year reflecting strong net sales and positive market returns for the year. Revenue declined 4% year-over-year trailing asset growth as our effective management fee base continued to trend down. The decline in our average expected investment advisory administrative fee rate from 39 basis points in fiscal 2015 to 36 basis points in fiscal 2016 can be primarily attributed to significant growth in our comparatively lower fee, exposure management and portfolio implementation franchises. While strong growth in lower fee franchises will likely continue to exert pressure on our overall average effective fee rates going forward, growth of well performing actively managed strategies may provide some level of counter pressure and consider to the stabilization of average effective fee rates longer term. Comparing fourth quarter results to same quarter last year, 11% growth in average managed assets more than offset the decline in our average effective fee rates and reduction in quarterly performance fee, driving a 3% increase in investment, advisory and administrative fees. Sequentially, a 4% increase in average managed assets drove a 2% increase in investment advisory and administrative fees. Performance fees which are excluded from the calculation of our average effective fee rate contributed approximately 600,000 in the fourth quarter fiscal 2016 compared to 2.7 million in the third quarter fiscal 2016 and 2 million in the fourth quarter fiscal 2015. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 we realized 2% annualized internal revenue growth on 6% annualized internal asset growth with the revenue contribution from new sales during the quarter exceeding the revenue loss from redemptions and other withdrawals. Despite the persistent pressure on average fee rates we believe we can continue to sustain positive annualized internal revenue growth provided that withdrawals from our higher fee strategies don't accelerate. Turning to expenses, compensation expense increased by just under 2% in fiscal 2016, primarily reflecting a 4% increase in headcount to support growth of Parametric, a new initiatives at Eaton Vance management, partially offset by a decrease in sales base and operating income base incentive. Compensation expense increased to 37% of revenue in fiscal 2016 from 34% in fiscal 2015 primarily driven by the decline in revenue. We anticipate that compensation as a percentage of revenue will stay in the 37% range in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 given traditional seasonal pressures associated with payroll tax clock resets, 401(k) funding, yearend base salary increases and stock based compensation acceleration associated with employee retirement. Controlling our compensation cost and other discretionary spending remains top of mind as we move into the new fiscal year. Distribution related costs including distribution and service fees expenses and the amortization of deferred sales commission decreased 27% in fiscal 2016, primarily reflecting the $73 million paid in the first quarter of fiscal 2015 to terminate certain close-end funds service and additional compensation arrangements. Excluding this payment distribution related cost decreased 6% year-over-year reflecting lower average managed assets and fund share classes subject to those fees. First quarter distribution related expenses were down 3% sequentially and 2% year-over-year. Funds related expenses which consists primarily a sub-advisory fees and fund expenses born on funds for which we earn an all-in fee were substantially unchanged in fiscal 2016. Other operating expenses were up 4% in fiscal 2016, primarily reflecting increases in information technology spending related to corporate initiatives. In terms of specific initiatives spending, expenses related to NextShares totaled approximately $8 million in fiscal 2016 versus approximately $7.4 million in fiscal 2015. Net income and gains on seed capital investments contributed $0.01 to earnings per diluted share in the fourth quarter and third quarter of fiscal 2016, and reduced earnings per diluted share by $0.01 in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. Quantifying the impact of our seed capital investments on earnings each quarter, we take into consideration our pro rata share of the gains, losses and other investment income earned on investments and sponsored products, but are accounted for as consolidated funds, separate accounts or equity method investments, as well as the gains and losses recognized on derivatives used to hedge these investments. We then report the per share impact, net of non-controlling interest expense and income taxes. We continue to hedge the market exposures of our seed capital portfolio to the extent practicable to minimize the effect on quarterly earnings. Excluding the effects of CLO entity earnings and losses, our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 was 38.3% versus 38.5% in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 and 38.6% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. In capital management we repurchased 1.2 million shares of non-voting common stock for approximately $47.9 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. When combined with repurchases over the preceding three quarters. We reduced our weighted average diluted shares outstanding by 4% for the fiscal year and our ending shares outstanding from a 115.9 million on October 31st 2015 to $114 million on October 31st 2016. We finished our fourth fiscal quarter holding $509.9 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term debt security and approximately $312.9 million in seed capital investments. Our outstanding debt consists of $250 million of 6.5% senior notes due in 2017 and $325 million of 3.625% senior notes due in 2023. We also have a $300 million 5-year line of credit, which is currently undrawn.
Dan Cataldo: Okay, thanks Laurie. I think we have a good sense now as to where the call cut off earlier, so I think Tom’s just going to make a few more comments and then we will open it up to questions.
Tom Faust: Thanks, Dan. Apparently the one topic that we didn’t cover, that we would like to cover now is the breakdown of our flows, just little color on the flows in the quarter. In our forward reporting I think it was observed by us and others that the trends we had in the fourth quarter were generally consistent with the third quarter perhaps the one exception was Parametrics portfolio implementation business where we had net outflows of about $100 million in the fourth quarter compared to $2.9 billion of net inflows in the prior quarter. All of this decline was attributable to institutional mandates for which the longer-term trends remain strongly positive, even with the down fourth quarter institutional portfolio manager -- institutional portfolio implementation mandates contributed over 4.5 billion to our fiscal 2016 net inflows. Our fourth quarter net inflows into fixed income of 1.7 billion were led by municipal and corporate bond ladders with support from active high yield and management muni strategies. Alternative strategies net inflows of all most 700 million were driven by sales of our two global macro mutual funds with strong performance records now over multiple periods and equity net inflows which will modestly positive had contributions from Parametric and Atlanta Capital managed strategies which were somewhat offset by net outflows from Eaton Vance managed equities. And floating rate bank loans we had net outflows of 600 million in the fourth quarter versus 500 million in the third quarter. The decision by one major intermediary to reallocate away from bank loans accounted for essentially all the fourth quarter net outflows, meaning that net flows from all other sources were substantially flat. While we continue to be subject to these types of lumpy single decision maker flows both positive or negative, market sentiment towards bank loan has clearly turned. After a long wait we’re now seeing consistent daily net inflows into our retail bank loan strategies, no doubt influenced by the specter of rising interest rates. Following back to back years of bank loan net outflows totaling nearly 9 billion, we appeared to be entering a much more favorable environment for our floating rate income business. In a rising interest rate environment fix income investors often look to exit longer duration vehicles to minimize the impact of rising rates on their principle. Assuming that income generation continues to be a priority a logical alternative is frequently to invest in floating rates and lower duration income strategies. As shown in our list of four and five star rated funds, we offer not only a highly competitive lineup of floating rate bank loan funds, but also a range of top performing short duration taxable and municipal income funds that are positioned to gain assets in a rising rate environment. We’re now starting to see a pickup in investor demand for these products. Relative to other income mangers, our leading position in bank loans and other floating rates and short duration strategies places us very favorable for business growth in a period of rising interest rates. So with that we will conclude our prepared remarks and open the floor to question and again our apologies for the interruption.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore. Your line is open. 
Glenn Schorr: May be a quick follow up to the floating rate conversation, I think at the last conference you mentioned, you took in a chunk of money, I think it’s 15 billion in the last go around when rates are going round and it proceeded to flow out over the next three years as people kind of pulled on the idea. I guess I’m curious of should we be expecting the same kind of things right now and is there any way to lock those clients and for longer duration? I feels different this time, if feels like it could be more sustained moving rates, but I’m sure we said that before, so just curious the type of clients who -- that bought and sold last time and if there is any way to get them to be longer term commitments?
Tom Faust: Interesting question I think 15 billion was roughly the amount of net inflows we had into bank loan mandates in fiscal 2013. And as you pointed out, I think we had modest growth in fiscal 2014 and then over the last two years we’ve had net outflows totaling about 9 billion. Most of that volatility, not all of it, but most of it has been on the retail side. We have a mix of clients, some who presumably are using bank loans as a substitute for short term cash, many of which are making allocations to floating rate income assets as an alternatives to longer duration fixed income in effect trying to earn income, while at the same time avoiding I guess the principal value from -- that'll happen as rates go up. I wish I could say that our business has changed in such a way that I can promise that everyone that buys our bank on strategies is a long term investor. I would think the experience of last time will be, will somewhat inform investors' behavior this time. I would not expect to have to see that same level of you know 15 billion and followed by roughly two thirds of that going out over the next three years. It's hard to say though, markets are dynamic, expectations today look pretty convincing that rates are likely to move up but I would have said the same thing, probably did say the same thing in 2013 where certainly at that point all the pieces seemed to be in place for a period of rising interest rates, we had a falloff in the economy later in that year, really changed the expectations for where rates were going. No doubt the accommodated policy of the Fed and other central bank regulators around the world has contributed significantly to keeping rates low. But as we did see it, we're in an environment today where there are signs of inflation picking up, there are signals from the Fed that they're inclined to raise interest rates going forward or likely as soon as December, we think this puts us in a really outstanding position to grow our bank loan business in 2017. No doubt there will continue to be cycles of periods of inflows and periods of outflows and we're certainly confident that we're likely headed into a period of inflows in 2017 after a couple of years of seeing the market go the other way.
Glenn Schorr: Fair enough, maybe just a related follow up on the muni side. Higher rates in the prospect of lower taxes usually is a bad thing on that front, just curious on what your expectations are for demand on the muni side?
Tom Faust: I think that's right most muni mandates, most muni securities that are out there are longer duration, muni is typically issued with a 20 year term, 10 year call date is kind of the typical new issue. Our muni business is substantially diversified compared to where we were a few years ago, our latter business is certainly one of our fastest growing parts of our overall company where you have by the nature of that structure, perhaps less sensitivity to client interest rate expectations there. We also have a range of low duration and we have a floating rate muni fund where we’ve started to see some inflows. So I would expect given we're more diversified in our muni exposure with a range of not only longer duration strategies but also laddered short duration and floating rate strategies, we were actually pretty well positioned for a period of rising rates muni have been on a -- the markets been on a great run in the last couple of years, we've seen nice inflows and to not only our, but many competitors funds and separate accounts there, may be that takes a pause. But I think we're pretty well positioned for that given strong performance across our line ups in a range of duration exposures there. 
Glenn Schorr: I appreciate that. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dan Fannon : Just a follow-up on the comments around the seasonal first half expenses and margins to be flat. I get these dynamics in the kind of fourth quarter -- I'm sorry the first quarter and kind of the reset of expenses for salaries and some of the onetime stuff, but you mentioned first half kind of pressure and so just kind of want to clarify your outlook versus the first quarter and then kind of the year for margins.
Laurie Hylton: The significant portion of the pressure is in the first quarter, but it obviously trips over little bit into the second quarter as well. And there we’re talking about things like payroll tax reset, so you reset and then over the course of the year that starts to follow off for us. The big part of the slide is in the first half, down into the third quarter and that goes as well for our 401(k) match which is as significant contributor to the increase in comp in the first quarter. So it's just -- there is some impact on the second quarter, it's largely a first quarter effect.
Tom Faust: We do have the day count impact in the second quarter [multiple speakers], it's not -- that's not related to the seasonal expense pressures, but it does put pressure on the second quarter revenues.
Dan Fannon: Great, and then just a follow up on NextShares, the annual expense, sticking with expenses the $8 million or so this past year, just curious as the outlook for that kind of next year, if there is any growth routine to that. And then also with the UBS partnership and their implementation, just curious as to how much I guess from the cost perspective a burden that is, or if that’s been lower or higher than some of the numbers you've talked about previously in terms of getting them fully operable or if that’s -- just kind of any update there to think about, incremental partners in the cost and maybe the challenges there?
Laurie Hylton: Yes, I think we haven’t spoken specifically about the exact amount of the cost associated with the UBS implementation, but I can comment and say that in terms of our total spend for next year we do think that it will uptick modestly, but only modestly. I think we're looking at something, this year we closed out with roughly $8 million of expenses associated directly with our NextShares initiatives. I think I would pushed that up to something around $10 million range in fiscal 2017 recognizing that we are getting a little bit more steam going in terms of the launch and would anticipate that it will have some uptick in expenses there.
Dan Fannon: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Worthington : Maybe first the follow-up on Glen's question about the impact of rising interest rates. So in taking about the floating rate got that talked about diverse [indiscernible] maybe can you take it a little more into the muni latter's, I can't quite tell what your expectations are? I know that product has been particularly good it's a little bit different, so how the rising rate environment may impact that and then you haven’t talked about the global macros suite. I think in taper tantrum it was a little bit disappointing in terms of the defensiveness of that product. I don’t know if the investment priorities would have changed for that fund following the performance in taper tantrum. So just as anything change since last time rates rose and what are your expectation for global macro?
Tom Faust: Happy to take those Ken. Just on the -- I guess first starting on the global macro, this is an actively managed strategy, it is a country picking approach were we take long and short exposure to different countries and different market areas based on our view on currencies and rates and other investment factors in those countries. It’s a little hard to say, how we’re going to do in a particular environment, it’s not like a bank loan strategy where, it’s primarily a credit play without an interest rate exposure. So this is -- so the thing about it is, there is a long and short economies around the world often with lot of exposure to emerging markets on the debt side. Our performance has been good, one of the things that is consistently true about the strategy is its strength as a portfolio of diversifier, its return in good marketing environments and bad are consistently show low coloration with U.S. stocks and bonds, and that’s really one of its key strength.  So I would point to the strength of the record over multiple time period, but particularly in the last couple of years, under the current management team and its consistent record as a portfolio diversifier and remind me again your second question Ken.
Ken Worthington: Just on the muni latter’s, you mentioned the diversity of the muni franchise, obviously muni retails probably under pressure with rising rates. But muni latters I don’t have a good sense. 
Tom Faust: I guess the short answer is we’ll see, we did not have a large muni latter business the last time rates moved up. What I would expect would be to have less interest rates sensitivity in that business, meaning in the flows of that business. Then you would see in a muni bond fund. One of the appeals of ladders is the portfolio construction where you get the transparency into what’s happening there, you get the assurance that positions in the ladder will be rolling of in a very transparent rules based fashion.  We think and I think there is good history on this and advisor constructive ladders, and that the clients are more inclined to stay with a ladder type construction then with a fund where, really all they see month-is-months is the performance volatility that you get in a fund. Here while it’s true you’re going to have similar volatility in the underlying bonds, because of the nature of the portfolio construction and the mechanism with which that approached by the advisor and the client, we expect it will show less interest rates sensitivity than traditional muni funds. I would not be surprise though with changes in rate expectations for the mix of business there to shift somewhat. So for example the mix between 5 to 15 year ladders versus 1 to 10 year ladders. If your expectation is that rates might move up, likely we'll see shorter duration ladders, and we’re really indifferent to that in terms of how we approach the business.
Ken Worthington: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Autonomous, your line is open.
Patrick Davitt: Back to the bank loan discussion, I appreciate the kind of broad guidance on what you've been seeing over recent days, but if you look at the kind of broader industry trend, the last couple of months, you saw a really-really big uptick at least in the retail data we can see which you don't appear to have benefited from. Obviously, we saw you benefit from it in 2013, so I'm just curious if you could dig in on maybe what's driving that apparent loss of market share.
Tom Faust: Yes, we referenced in my prepared remarks and I don't whether this was the part that got cut off or not, but we referenced that the outflows that we experienced in the quarter that ended in October were essentially a function of one large intermediary making a decision to reallocate away from bank loans during the quarter. We believe we were most of their bank loan exposure and so there were roughly $600 million of flows and these came out of our -- these were fund, this was not an institutional account relationship. That's the factor we would point to on a net basis to account for our maybe apparent share loss during the period you're looking at. That was meaningful, the good news is it's done, we look at our flow results on a daily basis which are reported I guess monthly. So the data is out there, you can look at how we're doing, I would think if you would, if you look at the data over the last months you're probably seeing us doing better, that's what our internal numbers show. So we fully expect based on our performance where we are in terms of fee rates and our reputation as a long term leader in this space that if in fact there is a significant recovery in bank loan flows that we will fully participate in that.
Patrick Davitt: Okay, I heard that, I think that’s supposed to adjust for basically flat for the quarter and at least in September and October we saw in the industry flow, a significant uptick from the previous month.
Dan Cataldo: Patrick, I'm looking at a breakdown of the flows between our different vehicles, and our opened end funds would have been solidly positive in the quarter had we not had this one particular outflow. So with kind of -- the other components during the quarter that you don't see is that we were negative in our institutional loan fund. So you don't see those flows publicly, but the combination of that and the allocation out that we saw is basically what drove the flat flows for the quarter. But absence that 600 million in outflows we were strongly positive in retail flows for the quarter.
Tom Faust: It's probably worth saying that we're not taking it for granted, that we'll participate fully in inflows into bank loans that we're working hard to make that happen with quite active, quite aggressive marketing campaigns and roadshows in support of our bank loan business ongoing currently.
Patrick Davitt: Thanks that helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Michael Carrier: Tom just on the portfolio implementation and flows, you mentioned that the outlooks still looks attractive despite the modest outflows in the quarter. Just wanted to get a sense when you think about the portfolio implementation and then exposure management. Like maybe how much visibility do you have in terms of pipeline and maybe better point would be just, when you think about the market size, the opportunity that you guys are targeting, like how big is that because obviously the growth in those areas have been strong?
Tom Faust: Let me break that up into a couple of different areas. So what we call custom beta and the slide that appears on our deck doesn’t conform exactly to our reporting of flows by investment mandate. So what we’re calling custom beta and you can see in that slide, a strong long-term trend, most of that is in portfolio implementation, but the fixed income part is not that’s in our fixed income category. So a pretty big chunk of the portfolio implementation category is what we’re calling the equity portion of custom beta and that's showing in that slide. There is also in portfolio implementation a pretty large institutional business and that institutional business is more lumpy, like most institutional businesses and as we described the downturn in overall portfolio implementation flows in the quarter was really completely attributable to what we think are temporary factors effecting that institutional business. So and then I guess the third piece to talk about is exposure management which is the 100% institutional, also lumpy, it's been lumpy in a good way and we certainly expect that to continue. But I would say that if you look inside portfolio and implementation and exposure management together the retail and high net worth piece of that, we don’t have good visibility on individual pieces of business generally, but it's a diversified business with very strong momentum, the underlying drivers of that which is then move to passive, which is the value add that we can provide in terms of tax and customization to reflect responsible investing criteria and other factors and the enhanced service offerings of those products and increase distribution. All of those things argue to us, very strongly that that business will continue to grow in a sustained way, and we think the potential of that custom beta business is very-very large. We have, as I said about $45 billion in assets, they are currently relative to the overall world of passive Management as expressed by ETF's or index funds, we’re really just to drop in the bucket, but we think for taxable investors we've got very significant value add opportunities and even for non-taxable investors we think there are there are the reasons to choose a customized separate account as opposed to a fund for long-term index exposures. On the part of the business where we do tend to have some visibility which is the Institutional and here again I'm talking to both portfolio implementation and exposure management, we do have a pipeline, we kind of know what's coming that isn’t always a perfect read, but we have a quite robust pipeline currently that makes us optimistic that we’ll continue to grow there in 2017. This is a lumpy business, there will be period when things will go the other way, but long term we see all these areas as continuing to provide very strong undercurrents to Eaton Vance’s growth picture. These are very competitively priced, high value added service were Parametric is a recognized market leader. Most of this business today, an overwhelming portion of that is in the U.S. We’re starting to grow a bit outside the United States. Australia is a market that has good potential where Parametric has been successful, but we’re starting to we think to see some potential for growth in Europe and Asia and other parts of the world. There is nothing that I see that suggests that we’re close to a saturation point in this businesses, we’ve some visibility that makes us confident that 2017 will be a good year, but beyond that it’s really looking at the value proposition that we provide with these products and being confident that that will continue to attract investors longer term as opposed to having a sense of visible pipeline beyond the -- say the first half of next year. 
Michael Carrier: Okay that’s helpful color. Just a small thing, when you talk about the margin and the seasonality in the first quarter and second quarter. It makes sense -- I’m just trying to get a sense of, when we think about the market strength or weakness is there a like a certain market environment that that implies, and then just one small thing on the share account. Just given the tick up, just wanted to understand what’s being driven by either grants versus stock price and then the policy on buybacks to either try to keep the share count flatter, do you have any update there?
Laurie Hylton: So the first question in terms of margin and expectations, we’re generally are talking about -- largely when I give that guidance, it’s largely on flat markets. I do think that our comp as a percent of revenues is likely to hang out in that 36% to 37% range in 2017 and that’s currently what we’re -- how we’re looking at the world. In terms of our share count, we bought back to fewer shares in the fourth quarter then we did in the third. We do have the increase in the stock price which does effect that sort of treasury stock calculation you have to do for diluted share is outstanding, so you got two pressures there. We do not have a stated policy in terms of repurchasing shares in order to offset dilution. I think that from a capital management prospective we look at our capital deployment more in terms of priorities. First to grow the business, so that would be in terms of funding organic efforts as well as potential acquisition, maintaining our dividend and then to the extent we think is appropriate entering the market to buy back shares.  We have been in the market buying back shares, we would anticipate we would continue to do so. But obviously we stepped back a little bit in the fourth quarter recognizing that we have some cash obligations coming up in relation to the Calvert purchase and obviously we’ve got fourth quarter bonus et cetera. So I wanted to state we will continued to be in the market, but I -- we certainly don’t have a stated policy that we’re going to be out there to offset dilution. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Shutler with William Blair. Your line is open. 
Chris Shutler: Want a follow up on the back loan discussions. How do you feel about capacity in those strategies today, just thinking that if there is less robust new issuance in a rising rate environment, supply could become constrained and any thoughts there would be helpful?
Tom Faust: Yes, I think we’re at about 32 billion-ish in bank loan assets today, I think our peak was probably 45 billion-ish, when we were at that mid-45 range we were starting to talk about the possibility of a close or a pause in accepting new money. We don't see any particular pressures there today. It's certainly possible that if we see robust growth at some point, we'll close this, but I guess it would require a fairly sizeable growth in our business from current levels for us to really entertain those discussions. I was certainly [ph] talking a lot about in 2013 as the business was growing at a quite accelerated pace for a number of consecutive quarters. If that happens again, we will -- and if it proves to be the right thing for our clients, we will contemplate closing the strategy. But from our current size and giving the further build out of the bank loan asset class, we don't think we're anywhere close to that being a current concern.
Chris Shutler: Okay, makes sense. And on NextShares, just wanted to get your updated thoughts, Tom, on how the conversations are going with kind of larger fund managers and are they telling you they want to see another one or two large distributors, what are kind of the gating factors to get them more engaged?
Tom Faust: I think we're getting pretty close, in that, the gating factors were a couple of things. One, is this real, do these things work, are there performance advantages that come from the structure, will they trade acceptably. When we launched our first products back in February and March pretty much the focus was on demonstrating to the market both fund companies, broker dealers and others that this is real, that there is a performance advantage that can come from NextShares and that these things will trade in a fully transparent way with premiers and discounts that are acceptably narrow by market standards. That's been pretty much done, we haven't covered every asset class. But we intentionally chose the first three that covers a range of domestic and international and equity and fixed income strategy. The second requirement which is really the one you touched on in your question is the distribution access. When we launched those first funds the only distributor for NextShares was Folio Investing, which is a small online broker-dealer. Since then we've added Interactive Brokers, which is now up and running and available. You can buy the Eaton Vance and the [indiscernible] sponsored NextShares funds today both at Folio and at Interactive Brokers. The big announcement, the big development over the course of the summer was the announcement that UBS was planning to offer and is supporting its business partner's offering NextShares and I would guess of the Top 20 largest fund companies, none of them have either Folio or Interactive Brokers as one of their top five distribution partners. I would guess of those 20 companies a substantial majority have UBS as one of their largest distribution partners. The way things work in our business frequently is, demand drives product recreation and if UBS is engaging with its business partners to encourage them to offer NextShares, I think it's highly likely that will happen. The barriers to launching NextShares are pretty low, we provide significant technical support of the process the past to regulatory approval is well established and quite short at this point, we don’t think it will take a lot of encouragement from UBS and potentially other broker dealers in 2017 to convince major fund companies to launch new products. We've had conversation over the last maybe two months about new share classes being offered being created and to be offered by fund companies in response to demand from broker dealers. If there is demand for NextShares from UBS and potentially other broker dealers, which I think we should expect to see major fund companies line up to launch strategies in that structure. We’re working hard to make that happen certainly the commitment of UBS to this is a real game changer for us and puts us in a position where we see a much broader range of companies launching NextShares products in 2017.
Chris Shutler: Alright. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW. Your line is open.
Robert Lee : I guess maybe to stick with NextShares as my first question, I'm just curious I mean there are any kind of I guess time pressure you face to try to kind of monetizes this I mean some of you have some underlying patents and whatnot, but patents to grant for certain period of time and then they kind of open up. So is there anything, because these were obviously developed before you bought it, you owned it for a few years before you got the approval and it's taking take some time to kind of monetize it in the marketplace, so do you feel comfortable that you have enough time to monetize this and kind of reap the benefits before there is some pressure on what's proprietary about it?
Tom Faust: Good question, I would say our primary driver to get this done is the -- we're spending a fair bit of money. We're spending $8 million, Laurie said in the range of $10 million next year we think. That's the primary motivation from an economic standpoint. I would say it more broadly there is a real sense of mission that we have here, that this is a better way to invest and actively manage strategies and it's partly driven by that sense of mission that we continue to invest in this and continue to push hard to make NextShares a reality in the marketplace. As you pointed out there are part of the basis for this business is patents that were issued I believe initially in the 2005 or 2006 timeframe, those -- the patents right there will expire, but we've -- not surprisingly as we've invested in this business we've also invested in newer technology and have been working on additional patterns as well that we think our protection here will likely extend well beyond that 2026 period that you would normally expect given the 20 year cycle on patents application. So we think there is a significant enough window here to justify this as a quite attractive commercial proposition for Eaton Vance. But our enthusiasm for this is not unending, at some point if this is not going to work, the market will demonstrate that to us clearly. We’re very focused on achieving success here, but are mindful that not all great ideas work. But we want to push this as hard as we can and we’re very committed to doing that throughout 2017.
Robert Lee: Great and maybe the follow as, question or two on Calvert, so expected to close hopefully by the end of the year. So where do you see kind of the initial opportunities with that as it -- how quickly can you kind of, for example, plug there funds into your distribution and we that as something than can happen relatively quickly or do you see there is more of an institutional opportunity? I mean how do you think about the path of accelerating there growth?
Tom Faust: It’s something we’re very focused on. I would say first on the time of the closing, the key gating item is the approval of fund shareholders, so there is an approximately that’s been sent out, there’s the shareholder meeting that’s been scheduled for I think December 16. There is some possibility that if they don’t get to vote in time, that the closing gets pushed out somewhat, but certainly the early returns are supportive of the vote. But there is requirement in these things that at least 50% of the outstanding shares cast their vote and sometimes it’s a challenge may be particularly at this time of the year to get people to cast their vote even if they don’t necessarily have any objections to what’s being proposed. On the distribution side we’re very focused on that, one of the things that we have done is entered into an agreement between Eaton Vance distributors and Calvert for Eaton Vance to begin marketing, ever prior to the closing. So where we have an agreement in place, so Eaton Vance sales people will be out I think starting next week, actually starting this week, excuse me, talking about Calvert funds, making the case for why Calvert is a stronger and better company as part of Eaton Vance. The growth opportunities we see here really extend across a pretty wide range, Calvert’s growth today is primarily on their equity index products, through working with people at Parametric we think they can potentially broaden the range of index strategies and continue to grow there, just with much greater distribution reach. And there fixed income side of business they got a number of high performing strategies including quite interestingly some short duration and also short duration products that are four and five star rated, that we think with given what’s happening with rates and given the interest at getting a wider range investors have today and shortening up their fixed income portfolio, we think could be really exceptionally well positioned. It might probably be usefully to understand that Calvert has had three field sales people, all of them are based on the West Coast. They have had nobody covering the rest for the country and in fact they’ve had a couple of phone reps covering the rest of the country. Eaton Vance will take what was three sales reps and replace that by something north of 75 sales reps. Now there are some other things as well, but we think that the amount of conversations that will take place in the warehouse channel and the independent channel and in the RA [ph] channel about Calvert's strategies and about responsible investing, will go up by I would say at least an order of magnitude as a result of this transaction. On the institutional side, we think there is some low hanging fruit. We have a wide range of high performing reputable strategies, primarily on the fixed income side where being able to offer a responsibly managed version of, for example the Eaton Vance high yield strategy or the Eaton Vance bank loan strategy or the Eaton Vance core bond plus strategy. Those were all things that we're focused on doing quite soon after closing where we think there is essentially untapped market demand there. While there's been a fair bit of movement of assets into responsibly invested and sustainably invested equity strategies in a growing range of companies that would claim to have at least some level of proficiency there. There isn't much happening to date on the fixed income side and we're actually taking inbound calls from clients and consultants who are interested in saying, hey can you offer XYZ strategy, high yield, bank loans, core bond plus, can you do that in a responsibly managed fashion in combination with Calvert. Our answer of course is yes, we expect to make those strategies a key part of our institutional focus right out of the box in 2017. So things are starting to happen on the retail side, this week on a preliminary basis we're getting our sales force exposed to these products, we're making sure that they're out there making the case to the advisors they work with that this is a good transaction, that what comes out of this is a stronger Calvert, not a diluted Calvert. But we're also very hopeful that we'll see meaningful flows on the institutional side in next year. Calvert has had very little sales and marketing resources to devote to institutional markets in recent years. They've really been a resource constraint organization and one of the key things we bring is the resource and reach into essentially all segments of the market both retail and institutional.
Robert Lee: Great, thank you very much for the helpful color, appreciate it.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time, I'll turn the call back over to Dan Cataldo.
Dan Cataldo: Great and thank you, thank you all for joining us this morning. We wish you all a happy and safe thanksgiving and look forward to reporting back to you at the end of our first fiscal quarter, thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call, you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-08-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Cataldo - Vice President and Treasurer Tom Faust – President and Chief Executive Officer Laurie Hylton - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ken Worthington - JPMorgan Glenn Schorr - Evercore Ryan Bailey - Citi Christopher Shutler - William Blair Dan Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Andrew and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Eaton Vance Corporation's Third Fiscal Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Dan Cataldo, Treasurer, you may begin your conference.
Dan Cataldo: Great, thank you and good morning and welcome to our 2016 fiscal third quarter earnings call and webcast. Here this morning are Tom Faust, Chairman and CEO of Eaton Vance Corp; and Laurie Hylton, our CFO. We will first comment on the quarter and then we will take your questions. The full earnings release and charts we will refer to during the call are available on our website, eatonvance.com, under the heading Press Releases. Today's presentation contains forward-looking statements about our business and financial results. The actual results may differ materially from those projected due to risks and uncertainties in our business, including but not limited to those discussed in our SEC filings. These filings, including our 2015 Annual Report and Form 10-K, are available on our website or at request at no charge. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Faust: Good morning, and thank you, for joining us. Our fiscal third quarter ending July 31, was in many respects a strong period for Eaton Vance. The $0.56 of adjusted earnings per diluted share we reported for the quarter is an increase of 17% over the second quarter and just a penny shy of what we earned in the third quarter of fiscal 2015. Our fiscal third quarter net inflows of $7.1 billion are the third best quarterly close in the company history and represented 9% annualized organic growth rate. Excluding Parametric’s lower fee and more variable exposure management business, our net flows were $5.3 billion an 8% annualized internal growth rate and still among the highest four quarters in the company history. Reflecting the quarter’s positive net flows and favorable market action during the period, our consolidated assets under management grew to a record $334.4 billion at July 31, a 5% increase over the prior quarter end and up 7% from the year earlier. Drilling down into our quarterly flow results, the biggest contributors were portfolio implementation with net inflows of $2.7 billion, fixed income with net inflows of $2.4 billion and exposure management with $1.8 million of net inflows. Within fixed income flow leaders included high-yield bond mandates, municipal and corporate ladders, and active muni strategies. Equity net inflows of $300 million were led by Parametric defensive equity, Atlanta Capital core equity and EVM balance in large-cap growth strategies. Alternative strategy net inflows of $200 million were driven by our two global macro mutual funds. Floating rate income strategies had net outflows of 500 million, while an improvement from net outflows of $1.2 billion and $1.5 billion in the two preceding quarters were still a long way from where we think our floating rates flows should be given a strong investment case for the floating rate bank loan asset class and our top performance record among leading bank loan managers. We believe floating rate bank loans now present one of the most compelling value propositions, among all our investment offerings. They are an attractive source of income and portfolio diversification, are not subject to rate driven price declines as interest rates move up and are senior unsecured in the issuance capital structure reducing exposure to credit risk. With LIBOR continuing to edge its way out we aren’t far from short-term interest rate levels at which bank loan investors will start to see a pickup in distribution rates. In sum, we believe the conditions are falling into place for floating rate income to begin contributing favorably to our net flows. In addition to positive business and financial results, we continued to report strong performance from many of our leading investment strategies. At the end of July we had 58 funds with overall MorningStar ratings of four or five stars for at least one class of shares including 24 funds rated five stars. As measured by total return at July 31, 84% of our managed mutual fund assets ranked in the top half of their MorningStar peer group on a one-year basis and 79%, 74% and 72% in the top half over 3, 5 and 10 years respectively. Top quartile performance results were achieved by 39%, 55%, 48% and 52% of managed fund assets over 1, 3, 5, and 10 years respectively. One investment team with standout performance worth highlighting is Hexavest, the Montréal-based global equity manager in which we acquired a 49% interest in 2012. At the end of July, Eaton Vance Hexavest global equity fund Class I was outperforming its MorningStar category average by over 950 basis points for one year and almost 270 basis points annually over three years. Hexavest's portfolios were exceptionally well-positioned going into and coming out of the Brexit vote in the UK building upon what was already a strong year. Prior to their affiliation with Eaton Vance, Hexavest made a name for itself by outperforming during periods of market disruption. Their performance over the past year demonstrates a continuing ability to do that on a recurring basis. We are confident that Hexavest's strong performance will provide a catalyst for renewed interest in this highly differentiated global equity manager. In our last quarterly call, I outlined some of the major challenges facing the asset management industry. These include a shift in investor demand from active to passive strategies, pressures on fees in both active and passive, a growing industry regulatory burden and rising costs of doing business. Unfortunately, nothing has changed over the last three months to lead me to believe that these challenges are going to abate anytime soon. Even with these headwinds however, the asset manager, asset management industry is big enough and diverse enough to permit some industry players to prosper. Last quarter I talked about the four initiatives we are undertaking to position Eaton Vance to be one or one of the winners in this new more challenging world of asset management. These are first, capitalizing on our industry-leading investment performance and distribution strengths to grow sales and gain market share in active strategies; second, becoming a more global company by building our investment and distribution capabilities outside the United States; third, extending the success we have had with our custom beta lineup of rules-based individually managed accounts to achieve this platform's major potential; and fourth, finishing the job to make NextShares as the vehicle of choice for investors in actively managed funds in the U.S. Let me take a few minutes to update you on where we are with each of these four initiatives. Regarding the first priority, building our actively managed investment business it is important to understand that this business is enormous and that huge sales opportunities continue to exist and there is no reason we cannot grow from our current market share of less than 1% even if the overall market continues to decline. Focusing just on actively managed long-term funds in the U.S. this is a $10.7 trillion AUM market with net sales in the range of $2.6 trillion annually. With net outflows in the first half of 2016 annualizing at a rate of about $170 billion, the market is contracting at a rate of approximately 1.5% a year, but the overall industry flow numbers don't tell the full story. There remain numerous asset classes where active strategies continue to compete effectively against passive alternatives and continue to attract positive flows. In many of those asset classes Eaton Vance is an established player with high-performing strategies. In fact, in the 15 top-selling MorningStar mutual fund categories, Eaton Vance today offers 20 four and five star rated funds. Even as the actively managed fund industry continues to contract, we see no reason why we can't grow our active business. In the third fiscal quarter we realized aggregate net inflows into active strategies of $1.1 billion which equates to 2.5% organic growth rate [indiscernible] we know we can do better. Our second area of strategic focus is becoming more global. Even though we see lots of room to grow our U.S. business, there are also major opportunities to power our investment capabilities internationally. In addition to owning 49% of Montréal-based Hexavest, Eaton Vance operates internationally from our offices in London, Singapore and Sydney. Until recently, our presence outside the United States consisted primarily of sales and client service personnel. That is quickly changing however. By the end of this year we expect to have 26 EVM investment professionals located outside the United States up from just three at the end of 2014. Locating investors around the world not only puts us in closer touch with local market developments it also contributes immeasurably to accessing and serving local clients. On the distribution side, in July we announced a new leader for Eaton Vance's London-based global sales organization, TJ Halbertsma who will join us in September. As mentioned in the call last quarter we are also pursuing adding sales and client service personnel in Japan, our largest market outside the U.S. We see a world of opportunity in international markets and are investing to position Eaton Vance to capitalize. Our third major strategic initiative is what we call Custom Beta. As I described last quarter, custom beta encompasses rules based, separately managed account strategies offered to retail and high net worth investors. Our Custom Beta lineup includes Parametric tax managed and nontax managed custom core equities and EVM managed municipal bond and corporate bond ladders. While this is a comparatively low fee business, it is an area that we believe has vast potential as investors and advisors increasingly demonstrate a preference for passive management. Compared to index ETFs and index mutual funds our Custom Beta offerings give clients the ability to tailor their exposures to meet personal preferences and needs. For equity accounts the customization may include active tax management and portfolio tilts to reflect the client's responsible investing criteria or the client's other portfolio holdings. Unlike ETFs and mutual funds Custom Beta separate accounts can pass through harvested tax losses to offset client gains and other investments. For Custom Beta income accounts, the fixed income market exposures obtained through directly held municipal or corporate bonds in a ladder portfolio customized to fit the client's maturity and credit profile preferences. An added benefit of our Custom Beta offerings is that accounts can be funded in kind thereby helping reduce transition costs and taxes for the client. For both clients and advisors, our Custom Beta strategies offer compelling advantages over ETFs and index funds. In the third quarter, Custom Beta strategies attracted net inflows of $1.8 billion, which equates to a 19% organic growth rate. From a current AUM base of just under $42 billion we see huge growth opportunities in Custom Beta as we further build out our distribution network and product offering. Our fourth major strategic initiative is NextShares exchange traded managed funds. As a reminder, NextShares are a new type of fund that for the first time combined proprietary active management with the conveniences and potential performance and tax advantages of exchange traded. Our NextShares solution subsidiary holds patents in other intellectual property rights related to NextShares and is seeking to commercialize NextShares by entering into license and servicing agreements with Eaton Vance and other fund sponsors. The first three NextShares funds were launched by Eaton Vance and began trading on NASDAQ in February and March of this year. In the third fiscal quarter we made good progress in our efforts to gain broader distribution for NextShares. In May Interactive Brokers Group an automated global electronic broker and market maker announced plans to offer NextShares to retail investors and financial professionals through its investing and trading platforms. We expect Interactive Brokers to begin making NextShares available by the end of the summer. In July, UBS Financial Services announced plans to offer NextShares through its network of 7100 financial advisors in the United States. NextShares will initially be offered on the UBS brokerage platform in the first part of 2017 and then on its advisory platform later in the year. Constructive conversations with other major intermediaries continue and we hope to be in a position to announce additional distribution arrangements soon. Other NextShares developments of note in the quarter include adding UBS asset management to the stable of fund sponsors announcing their intent to offer NextShares and our announced agreement with the investment consulting firm NEPC for them to lead a selection process to identify potential managers to sub advise a series of new Eaton Vance sponsored NextShares funds. Conversations with other major fund sponsors about offering NextShares continue and we've certainly been boosted by the recent distribution announcements. The three NextShares funds we launched early this year now have four to five months of live investment and share trading experience, both of which have been consistent with expectations. All three NextShares funds are comfortably outperforming in the lowest cost share class of the corresponding mutual fund and their shares are trading at consistently tight bid as spreads and there are premium discounts to fund NAV. As expanded distribution comes on board, we expect to transition our NextShares initiative from a conceptual success into a significant business success. We continue to believe that NextShares have the potential to transform the delivery of actively managed funds in the U.S. At Eaton Vance's summer sales meeting earlier this month, the theme was Strategies for What's Next. I don't believe there is any investment manager that is better positioned for what's next in our industry than Eaton Vance. Our third quarter results demonstrate that we are on the right track and I see no reason why we can't continue to succeed as we make further progress advancing our key initiatives. That concludes my prepared remarks. I will now turn the call over to Laurie.
Laurie Hylton: Thank you, Tom and good morning. As detailed in our earnings release, in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 we reported earnings per diluted share of $0.55 and adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.56. The $0.01 difference between GAAP earnings and adjusted earnings reflects the add-back of closed-end fund structuring fees paid in the quarter. This quarter's adjusted earnings per diluted share were up 17% from the $0.48 we reported for the second quarter of fiscal 2016 and down 2% from $0.57 in the third quarter of fiscal 2015. Average managed assets of $324.9 billion for the third quarter were up 5% in comparison with the prior fiscal quarter, driving both revenue growth and margin improvement. Revenue increased by 6% sequentially reflecting higher average managed assets, two additional fee days in the quarter and approximately $2.7 million in performance fees. Excluding performance fees the average effected investment in bonds were administrative fee rates were substantially unchanged from the prior quarter. Adjusted operating income increased 14% sequentially, reflecting continuing tight control over discretionary spending and the operating leverage inherent in our business. All in all, a strong showing versus the previous quarter. Comparing third quarter results to the same period last year, the benefit of 5% growth in average managed assets was more than offset by declines in average fee rates. As you can see in attachment 10 to our press release, our average annualized effective investment advisory and administrative fee rate declined to 36 basis points in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 from 39 basis points in the third quarter of fiscal 2015. Product mix continues to be the most significant determinant of our overall average fee rate, although fluctuations in the number of fee days in a quarter can also contribute to short-term variability. Within the fixed income category, lower average fee rates year-over-year primarily reflects strong growth of our comparatively low fee laddered municipal and corporate separately managed accounts. In the floating rate income category, lower average fee rates were primarily driven by net redemptions from bank loan funds. Performance fees, which are excluded from the calculation of our average effective fee rates, contributed $2.7 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2016, compared to $1.7 million in the third quarter of last year. On an overall basis, our third quarter revenue was down 4% year-over-year and adjusted operating income was 7% lower. In the third quarter, we've realized 3% annualized internal revenue growth, as the revenue contribution from new sales during the quarter exceeded revenue loss from redemptions and other withdrawals. Despite continuing expected declines in average fee rates, we believe we can continue to sustain positive organic revenue growth, provided the withdrawals from our higher fee strategies don't accelerate. Turning to expenses. In the third quarter, our compensation expense was substantially unchanged from the second quarter fiscal 2016, and down 2% from the third quarter of fiscal 2015, driven by lower incentive compensation accruals and a decrease in stock-based compensation expense. Compensation expense decreased to 36% of revenue this quarter from 38% last quarter, mostly as a function of the increase in revenue. Controlling our compensation costs and other discretionary spending, obviously remains top of mind as we move into the fourth quarter. Our third quarter distribution expense was up 12% sequentially and 1% year-over-year, and included $2.3 million of structuring fees paid in connection with our closed-end fund offering in May. Excluding these costs, distribution expense was up 4% from the prior quarter and down 6% from the third quarter of fiscal 2015. Other operating expenses were up 3% sequentially and 1% year-over-year, primarily reflecting increases in information technology spend related to corporate initiatives. In terms of specific initiatives spending, expenses related to NextShares totaled approximately $2.4 million for the third quarter of fiscal 2016 compared to $1.9 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2016 and $2 million in the third quarter of last year. Our operating margin improved to 31.3% in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 from 29.6% last quarter, reflecting both revenue expansion and fiscal discipline. Absent the $2.3 million in closed-end fund structuring fees paid in the third quarter, our operating margin for this quarter would have been 32%. We continue to see opportunities for modest margin expansion given higher managed asset levels and continuing tight control over discretionary spending. In the context of flat markets for the remainder of the fiscal year, we see the potential for an incremental bump in margin to something closer to 33% in the fourth quarter. As we repeatedly caution, however, approximately 45% to 50% of our tax total expenses are variable, driven by managed asset levels, gross sales or operating income. But there are number of factors that can dampened margins no matter how disciplined we remain in terms of our discretionary spending. Net income and gains on seed capital investments contributed $0.01 to earnings per diluted share in the third quarter of fiscal 2016, $0.02 in the second quarter of fiscal 2016 and were negligible in the third quarter of fiscal 2015. When quantifying the impact of our seed capital investments on earnings each quarter, we take into consideration our pro rata share of the gains, losses and other investment income earned on investments and sponsored products, but are accounted for as consolidated funds, separate accounts or equity investments as well as the gains and losses recognized on derivatives used to hedge these investments. We then report the per share impact, net of noncontrolling interest expense and income taxes. We continue to hedge the market exposures of our seed capital portfolio to the extent practicable to minimize the effect on quarterly earnings. Excluding the effects of CLO entity earnings and losses, our effective tax rate for the third quarter of fiscal 2016 was 38.5% as compared to 38.7% in the second quarter of fiscal 2016 and 38.9% in the third quarter of fiscal 2015. We currently anticipate that our effective tax rate adjusted for CLO earnings and losses will be approximately 38.5% for fiscal 2016 as a whole. In terms of capital management, we repurchased 1.7 million shares of nonvoting common stock for approximately $61 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. Over the past four quarters, we have repurchased 8.7 million shares for $296.2 million, driving our average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter down by 4% compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2015. The 113.2 million of shares outstanding at the end of this quarter are down 3% from the 116.6 million reported a year ago, and down 1% from the 113.9 million reported on April 30, 2016. We finished the third fiscal quarter holding $476.4 million of cash in short-term debt securities and approximately $279 million in seed capital investments. Our outstanding debt consists of $250 million of 6.5% senior notes due in 2017 and $325 million of 3.625% senior notes due in 2023. We also have a $300 million 5-year line of credit, which is currently undrawn. Given our strong cash flow, liquidity and overall financial condition, we believe are well-positioned to continue to return capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. This concludes our prepared comments. At this point, we'd like to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Worthington: Hi good morning. Sort of a higher-level question/observation. On Slide 3 of the deck, you show pretty substantial asset growth. Just looking over the last 5 years, it's up 77% since 2011. As we look at the EPS earnings is essentially unchanged. EPS in the first two quarters of 2011 is basically equivalent to the first three quarters of 2016. So you show and highlight great AUM growth, number of new initiatives. We are not seeing a great translation of the AUM growth into earnings growth. You've called out the mix shift a number of times. As we think about the look forward, how should we think about the way you monetize the asset growth so that we're getting better translation into earnings? And as we think about the opportunities to kind of manage both the costs as well as the investments, is there something to be said about you going from a period of investing into more harvesting? Is that maybe a concept we should think about to improve that translation?
Tom Faust: Okay, this is Tom. I'll take a crack at responding. I guess, first thing to observe, starting on your comment about the AUM growth on Slide 3, recall that we did an acquisition in the early part of fiscal 2013. We bought the former Clifton group. How much did that add in assets?
Dan Cataldo: $32 billion I think so.
Tom Faust: $32 billion, so a big part of the jump in fiscal 2013 was from an acquisition. Everything since then is essentially organic growth. Clearly, the growth that we've achieved since, whatever starting point you want to choose has been higher on an asset base than it's based on a revenue base or an earnings base. With that Clifton acquisition, we really pretty substantially accelerated the move of our overall business toward what had been, primarily a, what I guess I would call, primarily a higher fee active business to more of a blend of active strategies and variations on passive strategy, generally with some customization. Because those come at lower price points than traditional active strategies and because those have grown over a period in which our active business has grown in some periods and shrunk in some business, probably grown modestly overall, I don't have that in front of me. Certainly, we haven't seen revenue growth over that time period that has matched the asset growth. So revenues are a function, no surprise of both changes in assets and changes in average fee rates, assets have grown nicely, fee rates have come down primarily reflecting mixed shift. Over that period, translating growth in revenues to growth in earnings, we've benefited from the fact that our share count has been moving down over that period, but we've also, as you point out, made significant and ongoing investments in some of these key initiatives that I described. NextShares, where we're spending roughly at a rate of $8 million to $10 million a year, our Custom Beta, which is really now in a mode where it's contributing nicely to profitability, our international efforts, which has involved essentially creating a fully staffed investment office in London what had previously been primarily a sales and service office. So those things don't come cheap. I wish I could tell you that we're on the verge of moving from an investment mode to a harvesting mode. I don't think that's likely accurate. We're certainly in a in a positive mode in our Custom Beta initiative. And but I don't – we're not we're not about to turn the corner and as far as I can tell in terms of NextShares moving to positive cash flow. We're still very optimistic about the potential there, but that won't be over the next couple of quarters that we turn positive there. And similarly the investment that we're making internationally is from a multi-year perspective. We hired - the biggest piece of that is we hired a global equity team a year ago, and we're in the process of building a track record. We've had – we've been able to move some assets from that team to that team rather from our U.S. operations, but we haven't as yet achieved significant inflows, because they're still building track record. So, we're making progress on many fronts. I wish, I could say that our earnings progress has matched our asset progress, but I feel like we’re certainly advancing maybe on an overall basis relative to the industry and certainly we feel like we're advancing our long term potential through both the results that we’re achieving and the steps we're taking to invest for our future.
Ken Worthington: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore. Your line is open. 
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thanks very much. So, maybe if you could help us understand what's going on between both the distribution revenue line and the distribution expense line, they might normally move a little bit more in tandem, but distribution revenues are down 7%, expenses were up 1%? Just curious on how much of that is just kind of some seasonal stuff or just inter quarter stuff versus an actual trend of some fees going away with certain assets as being sold? Thanks.
Tom Faust: Yes, so the biggest factor which we highlighted is there was a $2.3 million of distribution expense related to the closed-end fund that we offered in May. If you adjust for that, I don't know if there's anything else to really talk about of a special nature in the quarter.
Dan Cataldo: I mean you did touch on a key point Glenn in that as the fund – the industry evolves and we sell less fund and shares with distribution and service fees, the revenue line – distribution service fee revenue line is going to go down. There will be a reduction in the distribution service fee expenses related to those share classes, but we continue to have distribution expenses outside of those that are related simply to the different share classes. And we do disclose in the 10-Q and 10-K the breakdown of the distribution expenses and that would be I think a good place to look to understand what part of the expenses are tied to distribution in service fee revenues versus what are just straight up distribution expenses.
Glenn Schorr: Definitely we’ll do, I appreciate that. Just may be a related one on an attachment 10 when you show the effect investment management advisory fee rates. At first glance I thought that the move towards more or the growth in the portfolio implementation exposure management funds would be the mix shift that would cause some of the fee pressure. But here it looks like there's some fee compression within just about every asset class. So, I'm curious on how much of that would you describe as a move into lower fee either funds or asset classes or has there been some actual price cuts across the franchises?
Laurie Hylton: I think, the biggest move that you're seeing, Glenn, is in fixed income. And there we are seeing the move for the growth in some of our lower fee franchises and there we're really seeing the increase in our laddered munis and corporates and those are the significantly lower fee rates and our traditional fixed income and because it's growing faster than the rest of the fixed income portion of our complex you are going to see the compression there and that's really driving that. In terms of floating rate income, because we've had some weakness on the retail side, I think you're seeing support on the institutional side and the weakness on the retail side, and that's actually just sort of pushing the effective fee rate around a little bit because those are operating at different fee rate.
Tom Faust: But I would say within mandates, forget mix, we're not getting any fee increases. And in some places we are lowering fees to match competition or to meet requests to do that, to be more competitive. And I think that's very consistent with broad industry trends. But for us, by far the biggest effect is really mix, both among categories and also to some extent within categories.
Glenn Schorr: Okay, that’s very helpful thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks. This is Jeff Ambrose [ph] filling in for Mike. I just had a question on like the longer-term expense outlook. So if we assume flat market in your fiscal 2017, I guess where would you expect the core expense growth rate to shake out? Thanks.
Laurie Hylton: I think, you have to keep in mind roughly 45% to 50% of our expenses are variable. So those are going to move with what's happening in terms of revenue and operating revenue and asset levels. In terms of our core, we've talked a little bit about the fact that we're doing everything we can to keep a very tight rein on our discretionary spend, but we clearly have got some significant initiatives that we have been making incremental investments in and we're likely to continue to do so for the next fiscal year, particularly the NextShares initiative. So, we're doing everything we can to keep our fixed and discretionary spending tight and not fees increases there. We're being extraordinarily cautious with headcount increases, but we do recognize that there are something’s that are outside of our control because they're variable and some areas where we are going to need to continue to make investments because we believe that these are extremely important for the long-term viability of the company.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And then just on like the high fee flows this quarter, the strong number there, and I guess, your outlook for those products, I guess, does your expectation for fee rate pressure, are they more favorable now given the strong close in the quarter in your outlook on what you're seeing there?
Tom Faust: I'm going to say, generally, yes. I think, you're referring to the fact that I mentioned that our active business had positive net flows of a little over $1 billion or 2.5% organic growth rate. That's certainly an improvement from where we've been most of the last two years when outflows from primarily from bank loan funds have driven down and offset growth in other parts of our active business. Also last year, you may remember that emerging market equity strategies were pretty significant contributors to net outflows. That's essentially gone away as a negative. I think it was slightly positive in the year-to-date or at least the last couple of quarters. But bank loans are still a modest drag, and we continue to believe we're not on the verge of this happening as far as we can tell, but we continue to believe that bank loan flows will turn positive and as that happens, that's a pretty important swing factor for us in our overall growth rate and particularly our ability to grow our active business, and we've had great performance in bank loan strategies for the year-to-date. The asset class we think is positioned to be attractive with relatively high yield in a world where yield is very hard to find, still quite benign credit conditions, and because we're starting to see LIBOR creep up, we're closer and closer to the day when we'll start to see distribution rate increases in bank loan funds where you're not seeing that in a whole lot other fixed income asset classes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citi. Your line is open.
Ryan Bailey: Good morning. This is actually Ryan Bailey filling in for Bill. Tom, you'd mentioned that conversations have been pretty strong with distributors following the UBS announcement. Wondering if you could give us some color around maybe some timelines for other distributors? Whether the DoL is still the major headwind to hold up? And how distributors are reacting to the fund's performance?
Tom Faust: Yes. I can't be real specific. We don't, unfortunately, control the timing of when those conversations. We do think that we're, at least in a couple of cases, pretty close to having something to announce, but what pretty close means I can't be real specific about. You mentioned the Department of Labor, in the, let's call it six to 12 months leading up to the announcement back in April, I think it was of what the final group proposal was going to look like. There was definitely a chilling effect on our conversations with broker-dealers because they were uncertain as to the size, the scope, the nature of the change to their business that would come from the DoL fiduciary rule and particularly the amount of technology spend that they would have to undergo in connection with that. We're now I guess four or five months post knowing what the final rules are and I believe at this point there's a broad understanding, a broad consensus that NextShares fit in as a part or can be a part of the solution. Simply as a way to deliver active strategies in the lowest cost version that appeals to advisory accounts, which we expect to grow as a result of the DoL rule change that’s certainly, the consensus view which we agree with. And we also think that there could be potential for NextShares to be part of the answer to traditional brokerage account because of the fact that NextShares are like ETFs but different from mutual funds effectively give broker-dealers the ability to set their own price so that they can level set distribution payments across the whole category of products in a way that they can't do today for mutual funds because essentially every mutual fund has its own somewhat varying pricing structure and while it doesn't permit them to make adjustments or add or subtract cost in addition to what the fund charges. So on balance, we think the Department of Labor has moved from a pretty significant headwind in the short run, six to 12 months ago to a long-term positive, clearly and perhaps also, a short term benefit as well in terms of as broker dealers are looking for ways to position their business for this very important change coming in 2017, there is quite a bit of interest in NextShares as part of the solution to that.
Ryan Bailey: Great. And could you give us some sort of color around what percentage of the AUM in those funds are seed versus third-party claims?
Tom Faust: I didn't follow that. Say it again?
Dan Cataldo: It was just what percentage of the AUM of the funds are seed? The vast majority of AUM in the funds now are Eaton Vance Corp.'s seed. The only platform over which the funds are available currently are folio institutional and folio and we felt it important to launch through them, but didn't realistically expect to see significant flows through that single platform.
Ryan Bailey: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Shutler with William Blair. Your line is open.
Christopher Shutler: Hi guys, good morning. Tom, maybe first could you just give us an update on the institutional pipeline in August flows to date?
Tom Faust: Dan, you want to take that?
Dan Cataldo: Sure. The institutional pipeline is certainly solid in particularly in the disciplines that we've been had recent success in. And I would point to high yield as probably the leader there. We continue to get interest on and off in floating rate, which is consistent with what we've experienced over the past several quarters. There are some, I think, interesting developments, which could provide sources of new institutional flows. First and foremost, Tom mentioned the great success – performance success Hexavest had this year. That's starting to generate increase in opportunities for our institutional group. Another area which we've seen some very good interest is institutional muni bond sales into Japan, which is starting to generate some meaningful flows. So, to think about high-yield, Hexavest municipal bond into Japan, believe it or not, we're getting some bank loan interest as well as interest in our global macro absolute return strategy. So I'd say solid and steady. And I don't know, Tom if you would add anything to that.
Tom Faust: Yes, just a couple of things. First, to clarify the Japanese muni opportunity, that is taxable muni bonds. So from their perspective, it's – these are infrastructure investments, but they're offered by state and local government entities in the U.S. but it's an area where we've had some initial success and as Dan said, we've got a nice pipeline there. The other thing I would highlight is, we've developed a multi-asset credit capability and are starting to launch that in the institutional markets and are getting a positive response, multi-asset credit in our product lines means a combination of high yield bonds, bank loans and to some degree also investment grade bonds. And so, the concept is rather than investing separately in those asset classes and making allocation decisions at the customer level, turn it over to a team that has got real strength and market leadership in all of those areas and included as part of the mandate responsibility to tilt from one asset class to the other depending on our assessment of risk and opportunity.
Christopher Shutler: Okay, got it, thanks. And then just one follow-up on the floating rate category. Tom, where do you think that the, I guess the LIBOR floors on those products today on average where they're around 100 basis points or so I think, is that right?
Tom Faust: That's right, yes. We're – that's on average around 100. LIBOR, I think three months LIBOR is around 80 basis points currently.
Christopher Shutler: Like 80, 82.
Tom Faust: So we're pretty close with – I think, there is some maybe, if I remember right, 20%, 25% of the market where we've already effectively cleared the floor rate, but the vast majority of the market is still in that 100 basis point range. So potentially, it seems likely with the next Fed increase that we'll start to see some potential increases in distribution rates there. The other thing that's happening that maybe doesn't get a lot of attention, I think, there was an article about it recently in the Wall Street Journal is that LIBOR has been creeping up relative to Fed funds rate or other short term interest rates, primarily reflecting changes in the money market world. So if prime money market funds are no longer buyers or if those funds are shrinking in relation to government funds because of changes in regulation, that is having an effect that these people think that's what's driving it, that's having an effect to drive up commercial paper rates, driving up LIBOR funding rates, which comes to the benefit of bank loan fund investors.
Christopher Shutler: And do you think that those products, some of the products still being below the floor is a bigger issue or do you think it's generally concerned around credit conditions recognizing whether those are funded or not?
Tom Faust: We're not really hearing much about credit. I think, it's - the perception, I think, wrongly is that bank loan funds are investments you want to buy when you think rates are moving up, and there's a perception that rates aren't moving up. So I think it's more of that than anything else. So I don't think many advisors are hearing from their clients. I think, rates are going up 50 basis points, how can I prepare for that. We're still in a mode where we had a huge surge of bank loan business, I think, about $15 billion in our fiscal 2013 where there was this expectation of rising interest rates. There was a lot of money that is flooded into the asset class on the expectation that rates were going to be going up. But rates didn't go up, and I think, since then, we've still been sort of digesting that period of quite significant growth not only for us but for other investors in the asset class, because people have - in some sense they bought this for an eventuality that didn't happen, and they've been peeling back exposures to go into other things. Mostly that money at this point is – the short-term aspect of that money is probably pretty well flushed out. To me the opportunity here is investors and look at the asset class is offering diversification benefit, it did offer the potential for yield with both the protection that you're not going to lose money because of rising rates, and you can potentially get a yield pickup if the Fed acts again.
Christopher Shutler: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. My questions are just clarification around the margin outlook for next quarter. I think, you said assuming flat market I just wanted to make sure that's from quarter end as of kind of these levels? And then also, within the quarter comp came in below kind of where we were looking for. I was wondering if there was any onetime in that line item in the period?
Laurie Hylton: Oh, hi. Yes, we are talking about flat market off of the end of the quarter. And in terms of the...
Dan Fannon: End of July.
Laurie Hylton: End of July, yes end of this current fiscal quarter. In terms of anything that really came through this quarter, there really wasn't. There was nothing in particular that was driving it down. I think, as we are looking at it as a percent of revenue, we talked about it. The fact that it actually dropped as a percentage of revenue is more a function of the fact that revenue went up as opposed to anything significant happening on the comp side. So there really wasn’t anything that was one-time in there.
Tom Faust: I think we did have some maybe some one-time related employment costs either severance or hiring costs that might have pushed that number up over the last couple of quarters that didn't recur on the same basis in the third quarter.
Laurie Hylton: Yes last quarter it was 121.5 and this quarter is 121.8. We really didn't have anything, so we're really flat.
Tom Faust: Yes, okay I have already said that wasn’t much of a factor. I stand corrected.
Dan Fannon: Got it and then just, Tom you mentioned profitability of NextShares, and I think, you said a couple of quarters out. I guess what is the reasonable time period based on some of the announcements you have, the momentum and pipeline I think you've cited, I guess, do you expect the expense levels to ramp from here kind of over the next 12 months or is this a steady state for NextShares and expenses and now the revenues need to catch up and what is a reasonable kind of breakeven across over threshold time period?
Tom Faust: Yes, just to be clear, I didn't predict that we'd turn positive in a couple of quarters. I'm predicting that as far as I can see, there's no possibility of turning positive in the next couple of quarters, if you get that distinction. So, the key to profitability here is primarily on the revenue side, which is a function of - it's going to be a function of AUM. I don't see significant changes on the expense side, certainly, don't see that dropping materially over the next 12 months. If we're going to make a success of this, and we're determined to make a success of this, we'll have to start seeing assets and revenues in NextShares funds. The biggest impediment to that was and is distribution access. The biggest single event I would say in the history of NextShares after initial approval has been UBS announcement that came during the quarter, and it falls upon us to capitalize on that by working with UBS to make sure that their fund companies that they work closely with understand the opportunity to offer NextShares at UBS, but also to make the case to other broker-dealers that for the same reason this makes sense for UBS, it also makes sense for them. So, it continues to be a chicken and egg game, where we're building distribution, making it more compelling for major fund companies to launch NextShares' initiatives. The more fund companies that launch NextShares' initiatives, the easier it is to gain more broker-dealers as sponsors of NextShares. So we're trying to push through that. We're spending money to do that. We're working hard to do that. Certainly, leverage - and looking to leverage our distribution relationships with the broker-dealers and our contracts with other firms that are under normal circumstances our competitors. It's moving forward, it's not moving forward as quickly as I would like, but we are making progress and the UBS development is hugely significant for our NextShares initiatives.
Laurie Hylton: Dan, just adding one more thing on the comp question, we do provide breakouts on our comp categories in the Q at a pretty detailed level, and that will be coming out at the beginning of September. So I think you can look to that if you're looking for more information in terms of exactly what was happening within the comp category.
Dan Fannon: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. This is actually Andy Magoff [ph] standing in for Rob Lee. Kind of two-part NextShares question, with NEPC agreement to create a sub-advisors spine, do you guys have any kind of timeframe where that is going to start to show up? And you kind of talked about NextShares expenses you had given guidance I think for fiscal 2016 of around $8 million. Judging by the fact that you said you are going to remain pretty confident, is it a good run rate for 2017 maybe around $8 million to $10 million?
Tom Faust: I think that's a best guess a lot will depend on what happens we've said publicly that we will be willing to work with major distribution partners to help them offset some of their expenses in implementing NextShares if we get a lot of agreements next year and expenses hit, that number could be somewhat higher. But assuming something close to the status quo, we think that's a reasonable estimate. The NEPC agreement, I would say 2017 is a reasonable timeframe. It's a little hard to be more specific than that. We, I think, we've had one follow-on meeting with NEPC since the announcement. So they're fairly early in their process. We announced that, I believe, in July vacation season. So I don't know that a whole lot has happened. But certainly, as this year progresses we want to be in a position where we can identify and potentially wet the commercial opportunity that might exist with managers that are identified by any PC as potential sub-advisers for NextShares funds.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thanks. And if I could just ask one more question about the equity inflows in the quarter. Just any color as to the split between institution and retail in the quarter? And then any color on the pipeline going forward, just specifically forward equity? Sorry.
Tom Faust: While these guys are looking for specific numbers, I can do some filibustering. On the retail side, which tends to be mostly funds business, the strongest selling products are the Atlantic Capital's, mid-cap fund which is a five star fund. It's closed the most classes of most investors but we'll continue to make it available to retirement platform potentially and because we've got such a strong track record there, that continues to see very nice inflows. We've also - on the Eaton Vance side, our balance fund and our growth fund are both seeing positive flows. That's, again, driven primarily by performance. Institutionally, one of our leading strategies, probably the largest institutional strategy in terms of current flows is that defensive equity strategy that's offered by Parametric, which at least as yet, is still only an institutional strategy. We may in the future offer that in a fund, but it's essentially a transparent rules-based alternative to hedge fund strategies with - like a market beta of about 0.4, 0.5 that has had very favorable performance relative to typical hedge funds at a much, much lower price point than hedge fund fee rates.
Laurie Hylton: Just in terms of the breakout between institutional and retail, I think if you're looking at the equity category, where we really saw the strength this quarter was in the sort of what we call the private fund category where with the exchange funds, are private equity funds that are managed by Eaton Vance management. We saw some significant close there. And then, we also saw for the Fed's equity strategy, there is a co-mingle vehicle that is intended for institutional investors that also had some significant inflows. So they're modestly positive in terms of our open end strongly positive in terms of the private fund category and then a little bit weaker on the institutional side.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you so much.
Operator: That is all the time we have for questions today. I would now like to turn the call back over to Dan Cataldo for closing remarks.
Dan Cataldo: Okay, great. Thank you, and thank you for joining us. We hope you enjoy the remaining weeks of summer and look forward to reporting back to you upon the close of our fiscal 2016 at the end of October and beginning of November. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call, you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sharon Yeshaya - Head of Investor Relations James Gorman - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jonathan Pruzan - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Guy Moszkowski - Autonomous Research Brennan Hawken - UBS Mike Mayo - CLSA Glenn Schorr - Evercore Christian Bolu - Credit Suisse Michael Carrier - Bank of America Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Jim Mitchell - Buckingham Research Eric Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Securities Steven Chubak - Nomura
Sharon Yeshaya: Good morning. This is Sharon Yeshaya, Head of Investor Relations. During today's presentation, we will refer to our earnings release and financial supplement, copies of which are available at www.morganstanley.com. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to our notices regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures that appear in the earnings release. This presentation may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent. I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James Gorman: Good morning everybody. Thanks for joining us. I’ll make a few brief introductory remarks and then Jon will take you through the numbers and of course we both as always look forward to your questions. Our results this quarter reflect solid performance in an improved but obviously still relatively fragile environment. Our team had several objectives coming into the quarter as follows: managing the uncertain macroeconomic environment; continuing the momentum we are building in fixed income while preserving stability in our other businesses; maintaining expense discipline; and obtaining approval for our capital plan under CCAR. By and large, we met these objectives and despite the overall lack of commission in the market, we executed on our strategic plan and performed well in the areas of traditional strength. We saw continued stability and progress in our core businesses with each performing roughly in line with expectations given the environment. We made particular progress in fixed income and commodities where we generated approximately $1.3 billion in revenue, up significantly from the first quarter. Jon will take you through each of our businesses in a moment.  On expenses, we remain focused on our cost discipline but tactically and through project streamline. We're now a simpler organization and therefore must be leaner and more efficient in our spend. We discussed initiatives that are currently underway last month at our financials conference and are pleased with product streamlines progress to date. Our ROE for the quarter was 8.3% and demonstrated progress towards our 2017 target. Finally, we received the non-objection from the Federal Reserve on our 2016 capital plan. We believe this decision reflects the changes we undertook as well as our business mix stability. The approval enables us to increase our dividend to $0.20 per quarter and to repurchase up to $3.5 billion in common stock over the next 12 months commencing in the third quarter. CCARs outcome reinforces our aim to steadily increase the return of capital to shareholders over time and indeed it marks the fourth consecutive year in which we have done so. We were also asked to resubmit our plan due to certain deficiencies that the Federal Reserve found in our capital planning process. We're working extremely hard to ensure a successful resubmission towards the end of this year. On the macro environment a lot was going on. Britain's decision to leave the European Union created uncertainty that is likely to persist for some time as the market grapples with the political and economic paths forward. As we said publicly, we consider this outcome suboptimal, but it did indeed provide us with a live stress scenario as we endured record high volumes and spikes of volatility, our liquidity remains strong, our systems ran smoothly and our clients access the market quickly and in size. I will now turn over to Jon to discuss the quarter in detail and again look forward to your questions in a few minutes.
Jonathan Pruzan: Good morning. As James said, the environment in the second quarter was an improvement over the first. However, we continue to see macro uncertainty and with that periods of heightened volatility. Geopolitical events including Brexit have kept market participants on the sidelines as they wait for clearer trends to emerge. Despite this backdrop, Morgan Stanley delivered solid results. For the quarter, we reported revenues of $8.9 billion versus $7.8 billion in 1Q. Non-interest expenses for the first quarter were $6.4 billion versus $6.1 billion last quarter. The increase is primarily driven by increased compensation expense on higher revenues. Profit before taxes for the quarter was $2.5 billion versus $1.7 billion in 1Q 2016 highlighting the operating leverage we have in the business model. Project streamline remains on track. In mid-June James highlighted some of the key initiatives that have been identified to meet our objective of reducing our cost base by $1 billion by 2017. These initiatives will continue to be carried out through the next 18 months but substantial progress has already been made. We continue to leverage our global centers of excellence to optimize workforce costs. We have hired 250 employees with our objective of hiring 1,250 employees through the end of 2017. Offsetting this headcount has come down in our metro higher cost locations. We're 50% complete with our objective to close four North American data centers and are on schedule to close the remaining two by 2017.  We continually seek ways to deploy technology to drive efficiencies and automation. To that end, we just rolled out a cloud based procurement platform which will drive future savings through more straight through processing and payments, and greater intelligence and purchasing decisions. We continue to show greater discipline around our non-essential travel and have achieved a 50% reduction through the first half of the year as compared to the first half of 2015.  Turning to Institutional Securities, revenues were $4.6 billion, up 23% quarter-on-quarter. Non-compensation expenses were $1.4 billion for the quarter, essentially flat to the first quarter. Streamline initiatives offset costs associated with rising revenues. Compensation expenses were $1.6 billion. Our ISG year-to-date compensation to net revenue ratio was 36%. We remain committed to our compensation ratio target of less than or equal to 37% we set out at the beginning of the year. In investment banking, we generated $1.1 billion in revenues, up 12% sequentially. Year-to-date we were number two globally and announced M&A, completed M&A, IPOs and equity and equity linked offerings. Advisory revenues for the quarter were $497 million, down 16% off of a strong 1Q. Dialogue and interest in strategic transactions remain strong but below the 2015 pace.  M&A announced volumes are running 20% to 25% below last year and we would expect that to persist. Equity underwriting revenues were $266 million, up 66% versus 1Q and debt underwriting revenues were $345 million, up 44% sequentially. Although we saw improvements in underwriting, activity remained below historical levels. As we have mentioned on past calls, we have a healthy pipeline of transactions waiting to be executed. Issuer confidence and investor appetite will be critical for the results in underwriting to improve. In equities, we remained our leadership position and expect to be number one globally with revenues of $2.1 billion, up 4% sequentially. Second quarter 2016 was a strong quarter across products and regions as we continue to work with our clients through uncertain times. Cash equities was up sequentially. Derivatives remained robust. Prime brokerage continues to be a steady performer and we improved the efficiency of our balance sheet. Fixed income and commodity sales and trading revenues were $1.3 billion, up 49% versus the first quarter.  Revenues improved sequentially across credit, macro and commodities businesses. Our credit businesses benefited from a tightening of spreads. In particular, securitized products performed well against this backdrop. In macro, we provided support to our clients leading up to and through the Brexit referendum were prudent risk management contributed to higher revenue sequentially.  Commodities benefited from better credit performance and market conditions, specifically a stabilization in energy credits resulting in an increase in client activity. Fixed income RWAs were $124 billion and SLR exposure was $353 billion in the quarter. Other revenues were up versus first quarter, primarily driven by better credit performance for a held for investment and held for sale relationship loans.  Lastly, average trading VaR for the second quarter was $46 million, flat to last quarter. VaR was generally range found over the quarter inclusive of Brexit. Wealth management performed well in the second quarter with revenues of $3.8 billion, up 4% sequentially. Even though we have not seen a pickup in retail engagement, this business continues to provide stability against an uncertain macro backdrop.  Total client assets of $2 trillion increased 2%. Fee based assets hit a new high of $820 billion. And flows in the quarter were $12 billion, up from $5.9 billion in the first quarter. Net interest income was essentially flat sequentially, though up 12% year-over-year. Lending balances were up $3 billion quarter-over-quarter and $11 billion year-over-year. which has resulted in a significant increase in interest income.  This growth was partially offset by an increase in amortization as a result of a pickup in mortgage prepayment fees as rates declined. Our bank NII forecast that we shared in May remains unchanged and we are on pace with our bank growth target for 2016. Transactional revenues were $798 million this quarter, up 10% sequentially. This improvement was driven by mark to market gains on our deferred compensation plans and not a rebound in activity.  As mentioned before, transactional activity remains subdued. On expenses, compensation was up 3% quarter-over-quarter. Our compensation ratio decreased to 56.5%, which reflects the benefit of our strategy to grow non-compensable revenues. Non-compensation expenses were essentially flat to 1Q. We continue to invest in digital and our infrastructure to ensure compliance with the DOL.  Our PBT margin for the quarter was 22.5%, up from 21.4% in 1Q 2016. We remain confident we will hit the 23% to 25% pretax margin target we set for 2017, despite the slower than expected pace of future interest rate increases. In investment management, revenues were $583 million, up 22% quarter-over-quarter. Revenues from asset management fees for the quarter were $517 million, essentially flat versus 1Q.  AUM was also essentially flat at $406 billion, a continuation of the trend that we have seen over the last several quarters. Investment revenues in the quarter improved to $50 million versus a loss in 1Q 2016, driven by improved performance across a number of funds including private equity and real estate investments.  Investment revenues remained volatile as global markets and asset prices adjust to the changing political landscape and growth dynamic. Overall, expenses were up 7% quarter-over-quarter driven by higher compensation on investment gains.  Turning to the balance sheet, total assets were $829 billion at June 30, up from the $807 billion at March 31. This spot increase was driven by a high level of activity at the very end of June, primarily due to Brexit as we supported our clients. We have seen the balance sheet retreat from this high in the first few weeks of the third quarter.  Pro forma fully phased in Basel III advanced RWAs are expected to be approximately $365 billion, down from $385 billion in the first quarter. Our pro forma fully phased in advanced common equity Tier 1 ratio increased to 15.8% versus 14.6% in the first quarter. Our pro forma supplementary leverage ratio for the quarter was 6.1%, up from 6% in Q1. As James mentioned, during the second quarter, we repurchased $625 million of common stock or approximately 23 million shares and our board declared a $0.20 dividend per share.  Last night, we announced that we will redeem all of the issued and outstanding TruPS by August 18, 2016. The TruPS carry a blended cost of 6.2%. We received approval to redeem these securities in this years’ CCAR. Our tax rate in the second quarter was 33.5%. Going forward we continue to estimate a tax rate of 32%.  After a difficult start to 2016, the markets and improved in the second quarter. However, the world continues to experience significant geopolitical uncertainty and with that the potential for economic underperformance. The Brexit vote and upcoming US elections have only added to a cloudy outlook. It is too early to predict how the second half will play out.  On the one hand, the political uncertainty casts a negative shadow over the markets, and will undoubtedly cause some corporations to pause over future Capex and other expansion plans and many investors, particularly individuals remain cautious. On the other hand, the movement in currencies and the improvement in commodity and some equity prices is leading many clients to begin to position for what might be a volatile second half.  Our pipelines remain healthy and our business is well positioned, but whether this translates into near term business is an open question. As the coming months unfold, we will remain nimble where we see client opportunities, while staying rigorous to our project streamline and other expense initiatives.  With that, we will open up the line to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Guy Moszkowski, with Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Guy Moszkowski : Thank you, good morning.
James Gorman: Good morning Guy.
Guy Moszkowski: First just a question on fixed, obviously a very solid result, and you alluded to post Brexit activity, but generally, if you could comment on the ability to produce $1 billion plus quarterly revenue in say despite as you’ve pointed out the sale of the oil merchanting and the 25% headcount reduction, at the end of last year, is there any warning on sustainability here that you want to issue and if not, maybe just give us a sense for how it is that you could have done a headcount reduction that wasn't as significant as it was and still see revenue in that kind of range.
Jonathan Pruzan: Hey Guy, it’s Jon. I’ll try to tackle that. I think as you know when we laid out our plan in the beginning of the year, we talked about being a critical incredibly size fixed income business that was relevant to our clients, but also supported are other businesses. And what we said is that we were going to - the goal was to maintain our revenue footprint that we had had on an absolute basis in the last couple of years. Year-to-date, our performance is at around $2.1 billion to $2.2 million so it's in-line with that revenue footprint.  We saw broad support and broad improvement across all the products actually in the second quarter. I highlighted SBG tightening spreads help, strong performance in agencies, FX was aided by the volatility we saw from Brexit, commodities clearly better credit performance we had a much more stable backdrop. Oil prices going from 38 to 48 versus the wild swings that we saw in the first quarter, so broadly a very strong performance. It is only one quarter. In the first quarter when people were talking about our performance we warned that it was only one quarter. We made a lot of changes that we think will help this business and this will take time, but we've been pleased with the progress that we have seen to date.
Guy Moszkowski: So, should we conclude that… 
James Gorman: I’d just…
Guy Moszkowski: Sorry, go ahead.
James Gorman: I’d just add to it a little bit obvious FIC is sort of the topic of the day the year and the century, it would appear. Listen, my view was that there was a general overreaction to the underperformance of FIC and from the middle of last year through the first half of the first quarter and I saw very little downside risk to the business. When we’re running at 500 million, 600 million a quarter I thought the downside risk is very small. The upside risk was actually quite high. And that's why we said, we thought on a relatively normalized basis, a billion dollar run rate a quarter was entirely reasonable. The headcount we took out at the end of last year actually many of our competitors have taken out headcount and dribs and drabs, so it wasn’t remarkable against the context of what was going on in the market. We just did it at one point in time.  And clearly we were overstaffed at that point in time. And we came to a fundamental view at the end of last year to do two things, one is to realign the staff for what we thought was a $1 billion run rate business and maybe it's more and maybe we're not going to get ahead of ourselves obviously there's more this quarter. But we don't think it's materially less than that to be honest.  At the same time, the second thing we did was to align all of our sales and trading businesses together. And with that come lots of operational synergies, risk management synergies, overall management client coverage synergies with our SRM our senior relationship management program and I think that wasn't going to evidence itself in the days and weeks following the realignment, but we felt pretty confident in the months and years following it, it would and maybe we're starting to see some of that.  Thirdly just on the particular mix of our business, obviously we're more credit centric to macro, but we do have a very good FX business that benefited, you have seen a lot more volatility in rates and clearly the credit markets as Jon said recovered not just in the core fixed income business, but in commodities. So, the combination of all of these things said that yes it's a good number this quarter. Are we shocked by it? Not really. We weren’t nearly shocked when everybody else seemed to be when we were doing $500 million, $600 million. And that's we're not going to get ahead of it. We set a $1 billion run rate and let's see how it plays out over not each individual quarter, but over the next couple of years.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay that answers the question quite robustly thank you. Second big topic of the century in wealth management is that we keep hearing about is robo advice, clearly fees for advice is the core of your wealth management business proposition. A lot of talk about the application of robo advice to different size accounts, how do you intend to protect the franchise against revenue attrition from this type of incursion and are there ways that you can use these types of technologies to your advantage?
Jonathan Pruzan: Guy, first of all, digital is far more than just robo. And as you’ve heard us say in the past we've been spending significant energy and dollars into investing in our digital platforms in wealth management. As you know, we hired Naureen Hassan earlier this year to run that effort for us. We think that the right business model and the winning hand here is a combination of advice in FAs with technology. We’ve been investing heavily in this area. We’ve had some good early progress with some of our mobile apps with some recognition and awards, but there are really three areas that we’ve been focused on.  One is around data and analytics so providing our clients with better data and analysis so they can more informed and better decisions. Secondly, efficiencies around automation; that will be helpful not only from an expense standpoint, but also giving FAs and clients more time to be together and not focus on paperwork and doing other things like that. And then lastly, most importantly, is how our clients interface with us.  We have 3.5 million households in our footprint. With many different investing needs, but also many different requirements and idiosyncratic wants and likes, and so we have been building out a broader platform in terms of how we interface with our clients whether that's video, whether that's in person with their FA, whether that's mobile, whether that's text, and we have been doing that for quite some time. So, we have been investing in this area. We've told you it's going to be important to the overall business. We believe secular trends here are for advice with technology. And that's the business that we’re building.
James Gorman: And again just to add to this one because it is a critical question, I think that one has to take into account that the wealth management market in this country is actually extremely diverse. In our own book of business, only 2% I think of our client assets are in households with less than $100,000. We have nearly $800 billion in households with $10 million or more. So you got to look at the segmentation. You got to look at the complexity of the client needs of which access through distinct technologies is a clear need, but it's by no means the only need for folks who’ve got $10 million, $20 million, $50 million. Portfolio allocation superior product access to our underwriting calendar all of the other things, which we bring to the party including our intellectual capital through our research. So, it's a very important development the whole digital development in finance. In my view, it is the most important in the payment sector followed by the consumer credit sector followed by the wealth management sector. But we're making the investments. As Jon said through a digit team that we have hired and on arranged leadership and we have made the investments and will continue making them.
Guy Moszkowski: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brennan Hawken with UBS. Your line is open.
Brennan Hawken : Good morning James and Jon.
James Gorman: Good morning.
Brennan Hawken : One more on and FIC here, you hit on the increased volatility towards the end of the quarter leading into Brexit and then coming out of it. Do you think that that opportunity allowed you to over earn somewhat in FIC this quarter or at least present a more unusual and robust revenue opportunity, which is why you were able to punch above that $1 billion per quarter run rate, and as we think about that run rate seasonally, when we look into the back half, should we think about that being lower or is it going to be less seasonal because of the changes you made to the business?
Jonathan Pruzan: Hi, Brennan. So, the way we would describe Brexit in the impact, I think in the first quarter if you recall and then through sort of the conference season we said that January and February were very challenging markets. March was more stable, a better backdrop for the businesses that we are in, and then April and May looked a lot like March. What we saw in June was sort of a continuation of that trend as we approach the Brexit referendum we saw people start to realize the potential impact of this outcome. And we saw more risk management and hedging activity. And then for the couple of days right before and right after we saw heightened volatility and significant volumes.  I would tell you that broadly speaking one or two days does not make a quarter for us. It's a much more balanced business than it. Given also all the changes that we made particularly around the Oil Merchanting business and some of the other actions. We would expect less volatility than we've seen in the past. But we are obviously not going to print the billion dollars every quarter on the nose, so we're going to see fluctuations in that number. I wouldn't say that we over earned. I would say that the volume helped for a day or two, but again doesn't drive the overall performance of the quarter. And then, we've been pleased with the results. I don't think that the changes that we made restricted our ability to earn. We weren't constrained in terms of capacity or personnel. And it was a good quarter.
Brennan Hawken: That's really terrific. And then on the seasonality front, how should we think about it just from a modeling perspective? Can you give us any help there?
Jonathan Pruzan: I think it's a little early to call. I would historically tell you that August is generally been a pretty slow month, but we are seeing a lot of new trends this year that we've never seen before. So, I leave it up to you to make those determinations.
Brennan Hawken: Okay.
James Gorman: I would just caution it. From my long experience of doing these calls and discussing fixed income here and observing our competitors it's pretty hard to model quarter-to-quarter every 13 weeks what the fixed income markets are going to do. So good luck with that, but we take a slightly longer term view and again, our base case is billion dollar run rate a quarter we think is what the business should be producing in this time and environment and if it does better than that great, and that's kind of where we are at.
Brennan Hawken: Thanks. Thanks for all that color. That's helpful. And then, a couple on the wealth management business, nice to see a recovery here in the margin. As you think about this business a bit longer term, as well and you think about some of the changes that are coming, from a regulatory perspective, how much do you anticipate your product shelf for commission accounts may be impacted? Could you give us a sense about whether that's going to shrink and maybe frame up how that might shrink and how that might have an impact on revenues, and then whether or not the uncertainty from the fiduciary rule is having any impact on the recruiting market from your perspective.
Jonathan Pruzan: Okay. I think the way that I would try to answer that is a couple of things. One, as you said, we had a nice recovery in the margin that was both driven on the revenue and the expense side. We are confident in our 23% to 25% margin target that we put out there. When we put it out there, we had the draft to the DOL requirements, so we were informed when we put out the targets. I mentioned we have been investing for the ultimate implementation of that new rule. And we also saw this quarter some of the streamline initiatives that are ultimately going to help this business.  I think we are well positioned for that change. We have the largest advisory platform in the industry. We are making the investments in digital. We do believe as a model Brennan that we're going to have that our wealth clients want advice and they will pay for that advice. But the ultimate mix and shift of products that they want and that they need is going to be a function of time. But we believe that we are well positioned to continue to grow this business going forward, even though we have seen lower levels of engagement given the uncertainty in the market.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. And no color on the impact in the recruiting market?
Jonathan Pruzan: You know, I think attrition is clearly running low, and it's been like that for a while. So I don’t think we’ve seen any real changes there.
James Gorman: No, it's not going to be affect it.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with CLSA, your line is open. 
Mike Mayo : Hi. Another question related to FIC. The debt underwriting year-over-year performed the worst for you guys versus peers. And the question is, is the reduction in FIC on the trading side impacting the debt underwriting side?
Jonathan Pruzan: I wouldn't say that Mike. I think our debt underwriting business has been a good business for us. We generally perform better from a quarterly perspective, particularly in markets where we see a lot of the non-commoditized that business being robust. In any 13 week period, particularly in low velocity environments, you can get some SKU if you are not in some big deals around the event space. This quarter there were a couple of events that we didn't participate in on the financing because we were on the sell side from an M&A perspective. So that will impact the numbers on a quarterly basis, but again, we feel good about this business. I don't think any of the changes that we've made in fixed income are impairing our ability to do business here. And we are focused on it and we think it's a good business.
Mike Mayo: Second question, retail clients on the sidelines due to Brexit, have they come off the sidelines what are you seeing among retail investors now?
Jonathan Pruzan: I think Brexit is only one event. We've seen sort of subdued transactional revenues for quite some time if you remember it really started back in the summer when we saw some wild volatility in the US markets, but also in Asia and around the world. Those levels have remained low. They picked up a little bit this quarter. It was benefited from some mark to market in our deferred comp. So if you look at the core trends they remain still quite low and subdued. So, I would tell you that we put a good quarter despite the low level of engagement with that we’re seeing. And we haven’t really seen a material pick up just yet. 
James Gorman: I would just add from watching this stuff. I would say the downside risk on the transaction revenue at this point is low. As Jon said it was very subdued in the last several months. The upside risk is whatever it is, if currency engages. So, I don't mean there's a lot of downside from this point, on transaction and we would just see how the macro events that clearly move the investors psychology pretty significantly through this year and as we all know sadly there have been lot of things in the news.
Mike Mayo: And then last question, you had a good quarter, but still just an ROE of 8.3%, I think I heard you reiterate the 9% to 11% target for 2017, so what's left. I guess you have $1 billion of targeted savings for project streamline. How much has been achieved of that and what’s left just in general, how do you still get to that 9% to 11% ROE from here?
James Gorman: Mike, I think we've had this question before. But, listen, it was an okay quarter. I don't, honesty I think it was good in bids. The ROE of 8.3% against the standards that we were shooting pricing was okay. It feels good in this environment, but the 8.3% also recall as Jon pointed out the tax rate was pretty high this quarter. And we had the preferred in there this quarter. So you've got a lot of things going on, is there upside from here? Obviously, we have a pretty concrete game plan on the quarter around going forward around what we can do in wealth management where rates ultimately will impact the pipeline that we have in the investment banking calendar, and I think the broader changes going on in the global investment banking industry. And I think Morgan Stanley is emerging from that pack if you will as one of the institutions that is strengthening at this point. So, but again, we are not speaking to the third quarter numbers here obviously. We are speaking to the outlook as you point out over next year and we stand by our 9% to 11% by the end of 2017.
Mike Mayo: I'm sorry. Project streamline what you have left or what have you achieved?
James Gorman: Yes, it’s still going. There's some very tactical stuff going and Jon might want to talk about where we are in some of the broader project streamline. But we've had, I described the wind so far as being largely tactical stuff that it’s easy to execute. The longer term infrastructure changes are progressing Jon’s, it’s all reporting into Jon now, so why don't I just let him talk about it.
Jonathan Pruzan: Thanks. So Mike, you heard some of the comments in my script about some of the things that we’re doing and the progress we are making. I think the best way to look at it is both comp and non-comp on the non-comp if you look at year-to-date results were down about $350 million versus last year. A good chunk of that related to these streamline initiatives and litigation. There is clearly a benefit unfortunately from a lower revenue number, but there is good progress in the non-comp side. On the comp side, also a reflection of revenues, but as you heard, the ISG comp ratio year to date is 36% versus I think it was 38% ex-DVA last year year-to-date. So good discipline on the comp and good discipline on the expenses and we're confident that we're going to be able to hit the $1 billion target.
Mike Mayo: All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore. Your line is open.
Glenn Schorr : Hi, thanks. One last one on FIC. I know you're not going to give us the number, but I'm looking for anything directional on, profitability must have improved a lot given headcounts down 25%, RWA is down a lot and revenues are now well. I wonder if you could help on any soft comments about overall profitability? 
Jonathan Pruzan : I think you characterized it well.
Glenn Schorr : No number. Okay. In the past you've had a lot of seasonality in your FIC numbers. Part of that was the commodities business and you have since sold Oil Merchanting, I’m just curious, not for next quarter, but just as a general comment the pacing of that $4 billion a year target goal, whatever you want to call it. Will it be a little bit more balanced than in the past?
Jonathan Pruzan: I think you highlight the most important factor. This is a volatile business, no doubt that we had incremental volatility given some of the commodities businesses that we were in, so we would expect less volatility, but again, I think we've answered what our goal is in our target for that business.
Glenn Schorr : Okay Jon. The nice drop in RWA in the quarter is down 5%. 15% year-on-year, but GAAP assets had actually increased, I think in your prepared remarks you said something about supporting client activity related to Brexit, but just curious if you could expand on that a little bit, RWA following GAAP assets up more...
Jonathan Pruzan: Unfortunately, it's just math. We continue to make progress on our initiatives to take out some of the high, higher density if you will RWA assets. At the end of the quarter, we saw a spike as you said supporting our clients, a lot of that was in sort of low intensity RWA assets and that sort of drives the discrepancy there.
Glenn Schorr : Okay. So the trend of the RWA going down is what you should focus on anyway. And then, maybe last quickie is two quick number ones, in the past I think the difference between your our ROE and your ROTC is in the range of 130, 140 basis points, nothing should change that right, we should be about that same spread now, just because everybody else gives their return intangible I want, just wanted to do apples to apples.
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. Again, it's just math. We’ve got about $9.5 million of average intangibles and goodwill and if you do the math you get that 130 basis points. 
Glenn Schorr: All right, awesome. Thanks Jon.
Jonathan Pruzan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Christian Bolu with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Christian Bolu: Great, good morning guys. So couple more questions on costs. The operating leverage in ISG was pretty impressive. Is that 35.5% comp ratio and remotely sustainable on a go-forward basis if FIC revenues are modestly weaker? And then, also if you can comment on any cost implications of FIC in the CCAR issues?
Jonathan Pruzan: I will go first. I’ll do them in reverse. So on CCAR as James mentioned, we do have to resubmit by the end of the year. That will take some resources both dollars and people. I think it's a little too early for us to try to size that and whether that has an impact on streamline, so we'll come back to you as we get more deeply engaged in that. We clearly have started to work and are focused on it and will dedicate the appropriate or required resources that we need to make sure that we are successful in our resubmission. On the second point, I think the target that we laid out is the 37% - ISG comp ratio year-to-date 36% I think looking over the total year is more important than any given quarter but we are also benefiting from the headcount changes that we made in the fourth quarter. And we do think that this is a sustainable ratio and that we will continue to pay for talent and be able to retain and attract talent going forward.
Christian Bolu: Perfect, very helpful. I'm not sure if I caught this right, but on the cash equity business, did you say it was up sequentially, pretty surprising given industry volumes were lower just I was curious if you guys gaining share or any particular initiatives anything you can buck the general industry trends.
Jonathan Pruzan: Yes, you did hear me correctly. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, we were up. We had some improved new issue, volumes were up a little bit that was helpful and less volatility. So yes we were up.
Christian Bolu: Okay, thank you. And then just very quick clean-up question, the trump redemption, what does that show up in the income statement?
Jonathan Pruzan: We announced it last night. We're going to call it's going to be, there are two different call based but by the middle of August that will all be gone. As I said, they carry a $6.20 blended cost and you’ll start to see that in the third quarter – just the lack of it in the third quarter.
Christian Bolu: But just from an income statement geography perspective, where does that show up? Is that in the treatment revenues?
Jonathan Pruzan: No, that's an interest expense. You will see it in that line, although again, it’s $2.8 billion on a stack of $160 billion or certainly unsecured and then secured debt. So it will flow through that line. It’s clearly helpful since the $6.20 we're issuing depending on tender issuing that closer to 3% to 3.5% at this point. The trucks have lost most of certainly all of their Tier 1 treatment and most of their Tier 2 treatment and that was going to continue to phase out so it's sort of expensive debt at this point which is why we obviously redeemed it. 
Christian Bolu: Okay great. Thank you very much and congrats on a strong quarter.
Jonathan Pruzan: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Michael Carrier with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Michael Carrier: Thanks guys. Jon, maybe first question, just on the capital ratios you see Q1 up to 15.8, at least in the U.S. obviously at the extreme end. If we do get some opportunity as we get into next year that you get to release a chunk, when you think about where that ratio is, where your SLR is, and if you are able to release capital from a business mix standpoint, do you feel like you guys are where you need to be and the gist of it is if you are able to release the capital obviously you will see one can come down but your SLR will be somewhat impacted. And then just wanted to when you look at the business mix and how you're positioned for that potential opportunity, do you feel like you are situated in a relatively well?
Jonathan Pruzan: I think despite, we clearly put together our business mix and our business model based on the best estimate of what the future is going to look like. We were very happy that we returned more capital this year versus last year, and we’ve done it four years in a row. We're going to continue to try to do that. As you've heard James and I talk about, we are expecting some changes in CCAR. We expect to hear something in this half of the year about how the G-SIB is going to be incorporated into the stress test, how SLR is going to be incorporated into the stress test. So I think there is some unknowns out there in terms of which of these ratios will ultimately be the binding constraint, but I think the business mix that we put together is the right mix and if we have to adapt it we will but it is the right mix to generate 9 to 11 ROE that we are targeting.
Michael Carrier: Okay that's helpful. And then just a quick one on the wealth management business if you will. You guys hit on cost and the margins, I think James you mentioned in terms of the transaction part of the business, they’re relatively low just given retail engagement. On the flipside, it seems like for the industry we will see a continued trend and maybe an accelerating trend from commission based accounts into fee-based account. So just wanted to kind of balance the - what type of growth we could potentially see on that side which is maybe more annuity like versus the more volatile transaction side of business. And then, for the advisors, do you expect any consolidation in the industry and probably away from your type of platform but to other platforms and then some compensation pressure just given the different models out there?
Jonathan Pruzan: So I’ll try to tackle some of the components of that. We have, as you know, we’ve seen a very good trend into fee-based accounts. We are currently at about 40% of our client assets are in fee-based, the 820 which is a new high for us. We saw acceleration of those flows in the second quarter. I think it's a little early to predict what GOL is going to do those flows. There is a scenario that would help accelerate those flows into the fee based businesses, but again it's really around client choice and we’ll see how that plays out. We do believe again the secular trends and a lot of the driving force behind the merger, the acquisition of the Smith Barney platform was that people want advice, and they want and we needed to be of scale. And those are the two drivers that drove that transaction and we're still of the view that that is the longer term trend here. So it's still got time to play out. We feel good about the investments that we are making around the GOL but I think it’s still little early to say. What we have said from a client perspective and a results perspective we do believe it's a manageable impact.
James Gorman: And the industry will keep consolidating because this is a high fixed cost industry.
Michael Carrier: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Matt Burnell: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just I guess an administrative question on the trust preferreds, will there be any charges related to the calling of the trust preferreds?
Jonathan Pruzan: Yes, we highlighted in our fixed income call that on that redemption. There will be some write down of some amortized fees and we will take that. It's not a material number but there will be a charge for that.
Matt Burnell: Okay, thank you. And then in terms of wealth management, the commission and fee line was down about 4% year-over-year. Even though you do have positive growth in fee-based client account assets, is there a mix shift going on particularly in the fee based client account asset portfolios that is causing a little bit of pressure on the asset management revenue line within wealth management?
Jonathan Pruzan: It's sort of hard to parse through. I think the primary drivers are really the underwriting calendar and the subdued engagement levels that have been driving that activity.
Matt Burnell: Okay. And then just finally from me, could you give us an update on the energy exposure and whether or not that has had any effect on the reported lending balances in the supplement?
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. So as I mentioned, better credit performance this quarter than last quarter. From a metric standpoint, we're down to about $30.5 billion in energy loans and commitments. That's down from $14.8 billion last quarter. That’s being driven by pay downs, terminations and sales. The broad characteristics of that portfolio are generally the same, i.e. about 60% of that is to investment grade counterparties, about 30% of that is funded. In terms of the mix that we've given historically around held for investment versus fair value held for sale, the held for sale fair value portfolio is down a little bit. It’s about a 35% that's obviously being driven by some of the sales that we have made in that portfolio.  E&P also a good story there, down to $3.5 billion from the $4.1 billion that we reported earlier. So we continue to make progress in reducing some of our exposures in that sector. Just as a proxy, last quarter we took about $127 million allowance for loan loss. We told you back then that a lot of that was being driven by our energy exposures. This quarter we took a $3 million allowance. So, clearly much better performance than last quarter.
Matt Burnell: Sure, thank you for the detail. Just one follow-up Jon, you've got about 40% of the portfolio that’s in fair value. How much of the benefit or how much was FIC results benefited from a lower mark-to-market on the energy portfolio specifically?
Jonathan Pruzan: As I said, about 35% of that portfolio is fair value held for sale and that does flow through the revenue line item but I wouldn't say it was significant.
Matt Burnell: Okay thank you very much.
Jonathan Pruzan: I'm sorry. It’s the other revenue line item.
Matt Burnell: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. Can you give an update on the bank effort in wealth management? You have continued good loan growth this quarter, deposits were down a little bit versus last quarter but still up nicely year-over-year. Just how you're feeling about the outlook for both loan and deposit growth going forward.
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. So as I mentioned, $3 billion of loan growth this quarter, $5 billion year-to-date, continued good growth there and I think we feel pretty good about that trend. As I mentioned, our NII guidance that we gave as part of the fixed income deck, we still feel good about that. On the deposit side, second quarter we usually see a dip that’s being driven by the tax season. So at $150 billion, down $2 billion that was a primary driver. I think the investments that we are making into digital and some of the cash management products make us feel good about our ability to continue to grow broadly our deposit base and again I think the bank strategy has been a real bright spot for us and we would expect that to continue going forward.
Matt O'Connor: Just a couple of number clarification questions. How much were the mark-to-market gains on the deferred comp and wealth management this quarter? And are there offsets on the expense side or is that – does not follow the bottom line?
Jonathan Pruzan: Yes, there are definitely offsets on the expense side. It's generally the net impact is generally reasonably small, and we don't break out that number given the relative size.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. And then just lastly, the premium amortization that was a drag within wealth management, what was that this quarter versus last quarter or recent periods?
Jonathan Pruzan: Again, it was clear as rates drop this quarter, prepayment fees increased and that was the driver of it in the first quarter and rates were pretty stable. So again, that was what caused the NII to be flat this quarter.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. But you won’t give the magnitude of that?
Jonathan Pruzan: No.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jim Mitchell with Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Jim Mitchell: Hi, good morning. May be we could just sort of dig into the RWA decline this quarter, I think you were down $20 billion, FIC was down $8 billion, so you actually had more outside of FIC. So when I think about high density RWA, I think typically that would be more in FIC. So just maybe help us understand where the RWA decline is coming outside of FIC and is there more of that to go?
Jonathan Pruzan: I think the $20 billion, another way to think about it is about half of that came from credit RWAs and that was a combination of FIC mostly in the securitization area but also from event. Lending, our balances are down in that business given the light activity. And then the other half was really around the market RWAs which is a function of both the balance as well as the stress bar which was down a little bit.
Jim Mitchell: Is that sustainable outside of FIC the stress bar and those kind of drivers or is there more to go I guess outside of FIC? Because we know your targets are FIC I'm just trying to get a sense of the non-FIC?
Jonathan Pruzan: Again, on the non-FIC the event is going to be driven by activity level. So I think the RWA number that we used was, I don't even remember, in the mid 350s and that number I think is sustainable given what we see in the outlook.
Jim Mitchell: Okay, so it's going to be episodic?
Jonathan Pruzan: It will be but I wouldn’t expect to see dramatic movements unless there is significant changes in volatility. I think the composition of our book as you said we are making some minor, we continue to bring down our FIC RWAs but we made a lot of progress there, so I would expect it to be pretty comparable.
Jim Mitchell: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Wasserstrom with Guggenheim Securities. Your line is open.
Eric Wasserstrom: Thanks very much. In this year's CCAR exam, it looked like your leverage ratio was under the adversely stress scenario, but I was approaching the lower bound and obviously that might be exacerbated a bit by the capital return although maybe there's some [indiscernible]. But could you just clarify how you're thinking about leverage particularly as it relates to the regulatory regime?
Jonathan Pruzan: Sure. I covered a little bit of this in one of my prior answers. I think what you have to remember we are managing multiple ratios. We have the risk weighted asset ratios, we have the leverage ratio, we have SLR, how that gets incorporated into CCAR is going to be important. But I think the critical point to recognize here is we did increase our capital return this year and our minimum ratios through the stress test actually improved across the board, both the Tier 1 and RWA ratios but also the leverage ratio was up about 30 basis points. So we continue to accumulate capital and that's really a reflection of the business mix in the de-risking that we’ve undertaken.
Eric Wasserstrom: Okay. Thank you for that. Another project streamline question, are the costs being removed more or less coincident with the initiatives, or are the initiatives sort of proceeding it and over the many 200 or so that you’ve identified, how many of them are in process and how far along what ending are we in in terms of the actual initiatives themselves?
Jonathan Pruzan: I think these are being - these are proactive actions that we are taking, so I think we are driving this change. I mentioned the datacenters that we're closing, the workforce deployment strategy that we are implementing. So these are proactive steps that we are taking given the simplification of our business model. In terms of innings, I would say unclear. We are in the early stages, we made progress and we are confident on reaching our $1 billion target in 2017.
Eric Wasserstrom: Thanks very much.
Jonathan Pruzan: Not a big baseball fan.
Eric Wasserstrom: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Chubak with Nomura. Your line is open.
Steven Chubak: Hi, good morning.
Jonathan Pruzan: Good morning.
Steven Chubak: Jon, I wanted to follow-up regarding some the questions on capital. So first on the G-SIB surcharge, it looked like as of year-end, you are right on the cusp of the 3% threshold. And given the reduction that we've seen over the last couple of quarters and many of your more risk intensive assets, where do you believe the surcharge is today and how you are thinking about managing to that going forward given some of the opportunities not just to mitigate but potentially to even grow in some of the trading areas as competitors return?
Jonathan Pruzan: As you said, our surcharge for 2016 is 3%. As we said in the past, we're going to continue to try to manage and mitigate that if we can. And so if there are opportunities to bring that number down or change that number, we will obviously take a hard look at it.
Steven Chubak: Got it, okay. And then, one follow-up regarding some of the remarks you made to Eric’s last question. Given that leverage was your binding constraint in the latest exam and that the Fed is incorporating as you noted a tougher SLR requirement, it still looks to us that even if we include the G-SIB surcharge in full pre-mitigation that the SLR or leverage could still be your binding constraint. And I just want to get a better sense as to whether the mitigation plans that you outlined are still on track I believe it was at the early part of the year and the strategic review on the SLR within FIC and are there other opportunities that you see to drive that lower given that that could actually prove to be the determinant of how much capital you need to hold?
Jonathan Pruzan: Again, I think I tried to answer this question clearly not as well as people had liked. Until we actually see what the new requirements are in CCAR, that question is challenging. We do have initiatives in place in fixed income to bring down the SLR. We did build capital on a leverage ratio this year versus last year through the test how the SLR is incorporated will be a driver of some of the decisions we make going forward. And the buffer is as you know is on the risk weighted asset ratios, not on the leverage ratio. So I think we need to see a little bit more before we can be more precise.
Steven Chubak: Thanks, Jon. And one follow-up for me on the wealth management side. James, actually at the Morgan Stanley financials conference, you made a comment regarding loan penetration levels among some of your retail clients. I think the numbers were 2% for mortgage and 16% for SBLs. The 16% number actually struck me a bit high and yet we continue to see really strong growth within that channel. As we think about modeling out the long term growth opportunity here, what should we think or what do you believe a reasonable penetration level that you can achieve across both of these channels to drive further growth?
James Gorman: I don't know that I want to try and put out a penetration on this be it loans. I actually don't agree that it's a high number. It reflects the mix in the business as you move from single stock marginal lending to portfolio annuitized asset based lending. The SBL is going to go up and margin as you would think would go down, actually our margin book has been relatively stable, but the SBL is just a function. We have a lot of wealthy clients who have positions they don't want to liquidate, they want to invest in other things, they want to use money for lots of different sources and whether it's purchasing assets or whatever, so I'm not terribly surprised by it [indiscernible].
Steven Chubak: That's very helpful. Thank you for taking my questions.
James Gorman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's Q&A session. I’d like to turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Jonathan Pruzan: I think we're good to everybody. Thank you. We will see you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-02-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel C. Cataldo - Treasurer & Head-Investor Relations Thomas E. Faust - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Laurie G. Hylton - Chief Financial & Accounting Officer, VP
Analysts: Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Research US LP Andrew McLaughlin - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Michael S. Kim - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Adam Q. Beatty - Bank of America Merrill Lynch William V. Cuddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC Andrew Nicholas - William Blair & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Chris and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Eaton Vance Corp First Fiscal Quarter Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Dan Cataldo, Treasurer. You may begin your conference.
Daniel C. Cataldo - Treasurer & Head-Investor Relations: Thank you and good morning and welcome to our 2016 fiscal first quarter earnings call and webcast. Joining me this morning are Tom Faust, Chairman and CEO of Eaton Vance; and Laurie Hylton, our CFO. We will first comment on the quarter and then we will take your questions. The full earnings release and charts we will refer to during the call are available on our website, eatonvance.com, under the heading Press Releases. Today's presentation contains forward-looking statements about our business and financial results. The actual results may differ materially from those projected due to risks and uncertainties in our business, including but not limited to those discussed in our SEC filings. These filings, including our 2015 Annual Report and 10-K, are available on our website or on request at no charge. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas E. Faust - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. In our first quarter, we were reminded once again that the business of investing exposes both clients and investment managers to market risk. Over the course of the quarter, market price declines lowered our managed assets by $14.1 billion or 5% more than offsetting the quarter's $5.3 billion of consolidated net inflows. Principally reflecting adverse market effects, our first quarter revenue fell 7% from the first quarter of fiscal 2015 and 3% sequentially. Lower revenue combined with substantially unchanged ongoing expenses drove Eaton Vance's adjusted earnings per diluted share down to $0.51 in the quarter, a decline of 16% year-over-year and 4% sequentially. In terms of revenue and profit, the first quarter of fiscal 2016 was certainly nothing to write home about. While market effects adversely affected our financial results in the first quarter, in other respects, this was an outstanding period for us. As noted previously, we realized consolidated net inflows of $5.3 billion in the quarter, which equates to an annualized organic growth rate of 7%. As in most recent quarters, our internal growth was led by Parametric's portfolio implementation and exposure management franchises and Eaton Vance Management fixed income, which had a collective $7.4 billion of net inflows. Net inflows within fixed income were led by our high performing municipal bond and high yield franchises, with net flows of $800 million and $600 million, respectively. Also contributing positively to first quarter flows were our alternative mandates in EVM and Atlanta Capital managed equities. First quarter net outflows were concentrated primarily in two areas, floating rate bank loans and Parametric emerging market equities, which had net outflows of $1.5 billion and $500 million, respectively. In both cases, net outflows appear to be somewhat exacerbated by year-end tax loss selling and abated in the month of January. In addition to favorable net flows, the quarter also saw strong investment performance across a broad range of Eaton Vance and Parametric investment strategies. As indicated in slides 13 to 15 accompanying this call, we ended the quarter with 54 mutual funds rated 4 star or 5 stars by Morningstar for at least one class of shares, including 21 5-star rated funds. Our top performing funds include Value, Core, Growth, Small and SMID-Cap U.S. equities, Developed and Emerging Market International Equities, Balanced and multi-asset funds, Global Macro and Floating Rate, High-Yield Government Income and Strategic Income Funds as well as a wide assortment of National and Single State Municipal income funds. Given the large number of top-rated funds, it should not come as a surprise that high performance account for a significant percentage of our current mutual fund assets. As shown on slide 12, as of December 31, 52% of our mutual fund assets where in funds and share classes ranked in the top quartile of their Morningstar peer group for one year performance. 43% of our fund assets ranked in the first quartile on a three-year and five-year basis and 58% of fund assets were top quartile over 10 years. The superior performance of our fund line up was recognized in the annual Barron's/Lipper Best Fund Family Rankings released earlier this month. On a one-year basis, Eaton Vance ranked number one amongst 67 fund complexes for U.S. equity performance and number two overall for 2015 Fund Family performance. Since Barron's began its annual rankings in 1995, this is the third time Eaton Vance has finished either first or second, joining a small handful of fund sponsors with that distinction. Our 5-year and 10-year rankings were also strong at the 28th percentile of rated fund families over 5 years and at the 20th percentile over 10 years. This is the 4th year in a row and 12th of the past 13 years that our 10-year returns ranked in the top one-third of the fund sponsor universe. Our largest equity fund is Eaton Vance Atlanta Capital SMID-Cap Fund that has been a particularly strong performer, closing the fiscal quarter ranked the number one among more than 600 funds and share classes in the Morningstar Mid-Cap Growth category for one-year performance and also ranking top-decile for 3 years, 5 years, and 10 years. The fund's co-managers Chip Reed, Bill Bell, and Matt Hereford were named as finalists for Morningstar Domestic Equity Manager of the Year for 2015. Another investment team with exceptionally strong near-term performance is our 49% owned Montreal-based affiliate Hexavest, which manages primarily global equity mandates, following a distinctive top-down investment style. The past three months of market turmoil has given Hexavest an opportunity to demonstrate what they do best, which is to outperform in down markets. Over the three-month period ending January 31, the Eaton Vance Hexavest Global Equity Fund beat its benchmark by approximately 470 basis points and the average of its Morningstar category peers by roughly 440 basis points, placing the fund's Class I shares in the top quintile of its peer group on both a one-year and three-year basis. Hexavest reports that as of January 31, all of their institutional client accounts are now ahead of benchmark over the life of the mandate. On an overall basis, it's fair to say that our investment performance has never looked stronger than it does today. Not surprisingly, one of our key business objectives for 2016 is to translate the strong investment results we are seeing into strong net sales across our lineup of active strategies. Although active managers, as a whole, were not growing in most major asset classes, there remains a tremendous amount of money in motion each year, creating significant opportunities for high-performing managers to grow their business by gaining market share. Active management is increasingly a game of winners and losers, and our favorable performance positions Eaton Vance to be a winner. During the quarter, we made progress advancing a number of important strategic initiatives. We continue to build out our suite of custom beta separate account strategies and gained broader distribution access for these products. Over the past 12 months, we have grown managed assets and tax-managed core equity and laddered bond separate accounts from $27.3 billion to $34.2 billion, an increase of 25%. Our grouping of these and related strategies under the custom beta banner reflects their use in client portfolios to provide customized exposure to a range of markets, including a wide assortment of equity indexes and municipal and corporate fixed income. Value-added elements of the strategies include direct holdings of securities that can be highly customized to reflect client needs and preferences, the lot level tax management and the pass-through of realized losses and for the bond strategies laddered portfolio construction and initial and ongoing credit oversight. On the equity side, Parametric offers a range of strategies that track a client designated benchmark, but which can deviate from the benchmark holdings to reflect ongoing tax management, client specified responsible and impact investing screens and overlays, and our portfolio factor tilt that may include value quality momentum, dividend yield, and low volatility always established and maintained by the client. In many respects, this is an ideal product for meeting investor demand for equity index investing. Like an index fund, custom core provides low-cost benchmark based equity market exposure, but unlike an index fund, Parametric can potentially enhance returns through ongoing tax management and can deviate from the benchmark to reflect the wants and needs of the individual client. It's a compelling offering that's experiencing growing demand. In the first fiscal quarter, net inflow was into Parametric custom core strategies offered to the high net worth and retail managed account channels totaled $2.1 billion. Fees on these mandates averaged approximately 23 basis points, which is highest amongst product groups in our portfolio implementation category. On the fixed income side, our custom beta offerings currently consist of laddered municipal bond and corporate bond separate accounts. Corporate Ladders are a new product for us that began to pick up tracks in the first quarter with managed assets increasing more than 50% to $400 million, while more established laddered municipal bond separate account assets also grew strongly from $5.8 billion to $6.7 billion in the quarter, reflecting over $600 million of positive net flows and favorable market action. Here again, our custom beta products offer significant value over both bond index funds and unmanaged bonds held in a broker's account. For reporting purposes, laddered bond mandates are included in our fixed income category and accounts for a significant percentage of the category growth. Our custom beta products are well-suited for an environment in which a growing percentage of investors and advisers seek low-cost passive market exposures yet recognize the benefits that custom-built portfolios of directly held individual securities can offer over bought (10:52) beta index mutual funds and index ETFs. We continue to view this as a huge market opportunity that remains at an early stage of development. On both the equity and income sides, we have first-mover and scale advantages that position us well versus potential competitors. The second strategic initiative that continues to progress from an earlier stage of development is the build-out of EVM's global equity and global income capabilities. During the first quarter, we completed the build-out of our new London-based Global Equity Group, transitioned approximately $6 billion of global and international equity mandates to the team, and launched three new global and international equity mutual funds. On the fixed income side, we also continue to add to our global capabilities and to increase staffing in our London office. In April, we are taking new space in London that will increase our office footprint there by approximately two-thirds. By increasing our global investment capabilities, we seek to achieve two important business objectives: first, meeting the growing demand among U.S. investors for global and international investment solutions; and second, positioning ourselves to address markets outside the United States, which represent huge and relatively untapped potential for Eaton Vance. In other new product development, this quarter saw the introduction of the first ever Eaton Vance sponsored unit investment trusts. Our first three sponsored UITs raised nearly $50 million during their offering period, an impressive start for a new market entrant. We view this as an attractive business that fits well with our distribution strength and product development capabilities. While it will likely take time for this to develop into a meaningful part of our overall business, we are encouraged by the strong start. Finally, I want to report on the progress we are making with our NextShares exchange-traded managed fund initiative. In January, we announced plans for the first NextShares fund to list and begin trading on NASDAQ on Friday of this week, and for the fund to be available for public purchase through the online broker-dealers Folio Investing and Folio Institutional beginning next Monday, which is February 29. As announced, the first fund will be Eaton Vance Stock NextShares, which will seek long-term capital appreciation by investing primarily in a diversified portfolio of common stocks, following a research-driven, actively managed core investment style benchmarked to the S&P 500. The fund will utilize a master-feeder structure to invest in the same portfolio as used by Eaton Vance Stock Fund, an open-end mutual fund whose load-waived A-shares are currently rated 5-stars by Morningstar. This is the first of what we expect will be several NextShares fund launches this year, with the next scheduled for the month of March. I'm pleased to report that the Stock NextShares launch is on track and expected to take place on the announced timeframe. Getting to this point in the NextShares initiative has been a multi-year process with many twists and turns, and we certainly could not have gotten here without an extraordinary effort by many people both within and outside Eaton Vance. While the introduction of the first fund is a critical step in the development of NextShares, we still have a lot of work to do to get where we want to be. We have a broad consortium of 11 other fund sponsors that have already filed and received approval of their exemptive applications to offer their own families of NextShares funds. We will continue with our efforts to enlist more fund sponsors to become NextShares licensees and are hopeful that seeing a NextShares fund up and running will spur additional fund sponsors to consider entering into licensing agreements. Most critically, we need to broaden distribution by enlisting more broker-dealers to offer NextShares to their customers. While there are no breakthroughs to announce today, we continue to make progress in discussions with major firms and are encouraged by what we see and hear. In-depth discussions are now taking place with firms that have meaningful market share in each of our three primary distribution channels: wirehouse, independent, and RIA. One of the objectives of the staged rollout of NextShares is to demonstrate to broker-dealers that NextShares are straightforward to implement and trade and perform consistent with expectations. If we are successful in gaining broad distribution access, we continue to believe that NextShares have a very bright future with a potential to transform the delivery of active investment strategies to U.S. fund investors. Stay tuned as we expect continued positive developments with our NextShares initiative over the coming months. As we look forward to the remainder of the fiscal year, we see both significant opportunity and significant uncertainty. If macro headwinds and a difficult market environment continue to take their toll on our managed assets and revenue, we will be prepared to adjust our discretionary spending accordingly. However, we seek to avoid making decisions based on short-term market moves that could impede our ability to grow over the long term. In fact, the most opportune time to invest in our business is very often during periods of market disruption. Wherever the markets take us, we believe our line-up of high performing and value-added strategies, innovative new product offerings, and strong financial characteristics position Eaton Vance very well versus competitors. That concludes my prepared remarks. I will now turn the call over to Laurie.
Laurie G. Hylton - Chief Financial & Accounting Officer, VP: Thank you, Tom and good morning. We are reporting adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.51 for the first quarter of fiscal 2016 compared to $0.61 for the first quarter fiscal 2015 and $0.53 for the fourth quarter fiscal 2015. On a GAAP basis, we earned $0.50 per diluted share in the first quarter of fiscal 2016, $0.24 in the first quarter fiscal 2015, and $0.53 in the fourth quarter of last fiscal year. As you can see in Attachment 2 to our press release, adjustments from reported GAAP earnings in the first quarter fiscal 2016 reflect changes in the estimated redemption value of non-controlling interest in our affiliates that are redeemable at other than fair value. Adjustments from reported GAAP earnings in the first quarter of fiscal 2015 primarily reflect the payment of $73 million or approximately $0.37 per diluted share to end service and additional compensation arrangements for certain Eaton Vance closed-end funds. Although average managed assets of $308.3 billion for the quarter were up slightly from the $306.4 billion reported in the prior quarter and up 3.6% over the year-ago quarter, first quarter revenue decreased 3% sequentially and 7% year-over-year, reflecting shifts in asset mix in a down market. The shifts in managed asset mix reflects strong net inflows and lower fee strategies, such as portfolio implementation, exposure management and bond ladders, in a quarter when higher fee strategies, such as floating rate and emerging markets, were net outflows. Performance fees, which contributed approximately $2 million in the prior fiscal quarter, were negligible this quarter, creating an incremental headwind in terms of our sequential quarterly revenue comparison. As Tom noted earlier, market losses this quarter reduced assets under management by just over $14 billion, more than offsetting the $5.3 billion in net inflows. And the assets under management were $5.8 billion lower than average assets under management for the quarter, which will put additional pressure on revenue in the second quarter. Product mix continues to be the most significant determinant of our overall effective investment advisory and administrative fee rate. As you can see in Attachment 10 to our press release, our average annualized effective investment advisory and administrative fee rate, excluding performance fees, declined to 36.7 basis points in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 from 37.7 basis points in the fourth quarter fiscal 2015 and 40.6 basis points in the first quarter of fiscal 2015. Although mandate level annualized effective fee rates were relatively stable, we did see some downward pressure on our effective equity and fixed income fee rates this quarter, primarily reflecting the loss of higher fee emerging market equity assets and the growth of lower-fee bond ladder managed assets, respectively. While our asset base remains highly diversified, we anticipate additional downward pressure on our overall average effective investment advisory and administrative fee rate, if growth in our custom core, exposure management, and bond ladder franchises continues to outpace that of our active equity and income franchises. As said, even if average fee rates continue to trend downward, we can achieve organic revenue growth by reducing outflows from higher fee strategies, which appears to be happening. Our operating margin decreased to 30.3% this quarter from 32.5% last quarter and 34.8% in the first quarter of fiscal 2015, reflecting the impact of lower revenue in a period when total expenses were held largely flat in both sequential and year-over-year comparison after adjusting for the $73 million charge in the first quarter of last year to terminate certain closed-end fund service and additional compensation arrangements. Although variable expenses, such as distribution and service fee expenses, declined with the decrease in related distribution service fee revenue, compensation expense ticked up both sequentially and year-over-year. Sequentially, compensation expense increased 3%, largely due to seasonal compensation factors including fiscal year-end merit increases, as well as calendar employee benefit and payroll tax clock resets, partially offset by lower operating income-based bonus accruals and lower sales-based incentives. Year-over-year, compensation expense increased 2%, driven primarily by increases in head count at Parametric to support growth, adds to staff in our London office to support the build out of our global equity capabilities and incremental adds to staff to support our NextShares initiative. Year-over-year increases in base, benefit, stock-based comp, and other compensation expense to support these initiatives were partially offset by lower operating income-based accruals and sales-based incentives. Compensation as a percentage of revenue ticked up to 37% in the first quarter fiscal 2016, compared to 35% in the prior sequential quarter and 34% in the first quarter fiscal 2015. Given current market headwinds, second quarter compensation as a percent of revenue is forecasted to stay in the 37% range. Other operating expenses were up 12% in the first quarter versus the same period a year ago, primarily reflecting increases in information technology, certain professional services, and other corporate expenses. Other operating expenses declined modestly on a sequential basis. Expenses related to our NextShares initiative, which are included in multiple expense categories, including compensation expense and other operating expenses, totaled approximately $1.8 million for the first quarter fiscal 2016, compared to $1.3 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2015, and $2.3 million in the fourth quarter fiscal 2015. As Tom highlighted earlier, fiscal discipline around both hiring and other discretionary spending will remain top of mind in fiscal 2016. Given the revenue headwinds we are facing, we remain committed to investing for growth despite these headwinds, but are certainly mindful of the current market environment and the associated profitability pressures we face. While we will be very careful with our spending going forward, we have no plans for staff cuts. That said, we are certainly aware of the levers that we can pull in terms of the timing of project launches and the hiring to support those markets remain unsettled. Net income and gains on seed capital investments contributed roughly $0.01 to earnings per diluted share in the first quarters of fiscal 2016 and 2015, and reduced earnings by $0.01 per diluted share in the fourth quarter fiscal 2015. When quantifying the impact of our seed capital investments on earnings each quarter, we take into consideration pro-rata share of the gains, losses and other investment income earned on investments and sponsored products, whether accounted for as consolidated funds, separate accounts or equity method investments, as well as the gains and losses recognized on derivatives used to hedge these investments. We then report the per share impact of net non-controlling interest expense and income taxes. We continue to hedge our seed capital exposure to the extent we reasonably can, which allowed us to avoid significant investment losses this quarter in volatile markets. Changes in quarterly equity and net income of affiliates, both year-over-year and sequentially, primarily reflect changes in the company's position in 49% owned Hexavest. Our 49% interest in Hexavest, which is reported net of tax and the amortization of intangibles and equity and net income of affiliates, contributed approximately $0.02 per diluted share for all quarterly periods presented. Excluding the effect of CLO entity earnings and losses, our effective tax rate for the first quarter of fiscal 2016 was 38.4% as compared to 36.4% in the first quarter of fiscal 2015, and 38.6% in the fourth quarter fiscal 2015. We currently anticipate that our effective tax rates adjusted for CLO earnings and losses will be approximately 38.5% for fiscal 2016 as a whole. It terms of capital management, we repurchased 2.3 million shares of Non-Voting Common Stock for approximately $73.3 million in the first quarter fiscal 2016. When combined with repurchases over the preceding three quarters, average diluted shares outstanding decreased 4% compared to the first quarter fiscal 2015. Shares outstanding of 115.2 million at the end of this quarter are down 3% from the 118.4 million reported a year ago, and down 1% from the 115.9 million reported on October 31, 2015. We finished the first fiscal quarter holding $419.1 million of cash and short-term debt securities and approximately $268.4 million in seed capital investment. Our outstanding debt consists of $250 million of 6.5% senior notes due in 2017, and $325 million of 3.625% senior notes due in 2023. We also have a $300 million five-year line of credit which is currently undrawn. Given our strong cash flow, liquidity, and overall financial condition, we believe we are well positioned to continue to return capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. This concludes our prepared comments. At this point, we'd like to take any questions you may have.
Operator: The first question is from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good morning. I guess, Laurie, I'd be first just on the expenses. I get the 37% comp for 2Q, just want to clarify that that represents like a mark of AUM as of yesterday or how that represents the current AUM? And then how you're thinking about maybe the NextShares spending into next year or into this year?
Laurie G. Hylton - Chief Financial & Accounting Officer, VP: Yeah. In terms of the comp, we are looking at that in relation to the assets that we came out of at the end of the quarter assuming flat market. Now, obviously, if markets continue to be volatile, that could ratchet up. But approximately in terms of our compensation, about 40% of it is variable, 60% fixed. So, I think the 37% as it looks today, looks like a pretty good number for the second quarter, but, again, things might change. In terms of our NextShares spend, we were a little bit lighter this quarter. I would anticipate in the first quarter and the second quarter, we may be ramping up a little bit. I think we had given previous guidance that we anticipated our overall spend in 2016 would probably be in the $8 million to $10 million range. I don't think that we're moving off of that at this point. I'm looking at Tom, just making sure he's nodding his head.
Thomas E. Faust - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I would say, yes. If there's any change of significance from the current run rate level, it would likely reflect significant progress with a distribution partner where we're contributing or helping them in their implementation cost. So that would be the only driver, but even there we don't see a major change from that, or we don't see a significant risk of change from the indicated guidance.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Great. And I guess as a follow-up just on that, can you talk about the conversations with the broker-dealer community? I assume the macro environment is not helping with that. But is there interest but just a matter of the dollar amount in expense or timing, I guess? Can you talk about what some of the pushback might be you're hearing from that segment?
Thomas E. Faust - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It's primarily priorities, resources, uncertainty, particularly related to the DOL initiative. We argue and I think this is right that, on balance, a world that is more tilted towards advisory solutions than brokerage solutions, which is likely the direction of the DOL initiative, is clearly favorable for NextShares. The uncertainty as to the effect of that and certainly as to the technology requirements of that is a somewhat chilling factor in NextShares. So, we've had major broker-dealers that say we find this interesting, but we really need to get our hands around this DOL initiative, what's going to be required both in terms of the rules themselves as well as the perhaps systems and business modifications that will flow from that. We need to get our hands around that before we do something that we view as discretionary. The DOL affects their core business every day. Arguably, this is an add-on. This is something new that they don't necessarily need to do. I would say in terms of our – more broadly, the conversations, I think there's a significant change that we expect to happen when we have a product in the market. I think my view was that that would not be all that significant. We've known this was going to happen. We don't expect any surprises. But there are significant constituencies out there in the broker-dealer world that where this is a big deal. The fact that we will have funds that are demonstrated to trade and to perform and they can watch those and see how they perform every day, a lot of the questions, a lot of the mystery of NextShares get taken out by when we're in the marketplace, which starts at the end of this week. So, we're not hearing objections, people that say this is a bad idea, I don't want to do this. What we're hearing overwhelmingly is, interesting concept, let's see how this develops, let's see how this fits into our timeframe. But we are – while saying that, I do want to reemphasize, we are making significant progress with major broker-dealers from all three major channels. And our view, which I think is right, is that you get one major in each category, it makes it much easier for others in that category to want to follow. They'll have business reasons, maybe even a business imperative to want to come in if one of their closest competitors is seeing any kind of movement in their business toward NextShares.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Patrick Davitt with Autonomous. Your line is open.
Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Research US LP: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. That was most of mine, actually. But the – I'm curious on the repurchase, looks like it ticked down a little bit and the price has obviously come down quite a bit. If you feel like there are any cash needs be it seeding NextShares or other seeding needs that could keep it at a lower rate against a much lower share price?
Laurie G. Hylton - Chief Financial & Accounting Officer, VP: No. At this point, I think that we're very comfortable with our cash position and with our ability to continue to generate cash from operations. We don't generally give any guidance on what our intention is in terms of repurchases for the quarter outside of saying that we intend to be in the marketplace. So we're watching the markets like everyone else is. But at this point, we don't see any particular cash constraints that would keep us out of the market.
Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Research US LP: Great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Robert Lee with KBW. Your line is open.
Andrew McLaughlin - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Hi. This is actually Andy McLaughlin for Rob Lee. Thanks for taking my question. I know you guys said you were going to expand the London office and we just wanted to kind of get some idea around timing and amount of those expenses going forward?
Thomas E. Faust - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Those are pretty well reflected in the first quarter. The big hiring initiative there was in connection with our equity team that's now based in London, then we have one person in Tokyo and there are a handful of people in Boston connected to that team as well. That's done. The people there that were hired in that group, I think the last ones came first week of November, something like that. So, think of those numbers as effectively baked in. I did mention that we're taking some new space – expanded space in London, but that's a relatively small item. I think I said we're expanding by two-thirds. That means we're going to stay in the same building. We're going from half a floor or thereabouts to or two-thirds of a floor to a full floor. So, it's not enough to be meaningful. But it's a significant initiative for us that we are optimistic that we're going to be in a position to bring in international assets that will produce revenues to offset that incremental spending. I was over there last week and quite encouraged by the pipeline and the level of activity. Primarily, today, on the fixed income side, I'd say particularly high yield, but also we're starting to see some interest in equity products also as well. But, I would say, the hope would be that over the coming quarters that we'll see significant flows of international income assets and the beginning of flows on international equity assets.
Andrew McLaughlin - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks for that color. And if I could just ask one follow-up question, kind of around flows, around floating rate and bank loan. Are you seeing institutional appetite there? And kind of as of late, given the environment outflows, are you seeing them improve or kind of slipping from last year? Just any insight you can provide on that.
Thomas E. Faust - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, January was a significant – while still negative on an overall basis, January was an improvement from November and December. We would attribute that primarily to year-end effects, tax-lot selling or anything else that might be happening around the end of the year. I would say the flows have – they moderated a bit. It still befuddles us that we are seeing net outflows, we see bank loans as an incredibly attractive asset class today, really offering a compelling risk reward opportunity with floating rate income but from current levels, the opportunity for capital appreciation unless this credit cycle proves to be an unusually weak one. We're staring into the phase of a recession and recovery rates on defaulted loans or the rate of default itself is significantly worse than historical norms. People can – we'll have some credit effects. But we – from our point of view, those are more than priced in to current bank loan prices. So, my theory is that we saw a big growth in both our business and the mutual fund assets and bank loans going back to 2013, 2014, what was the big growth year?
Daniel C. Cataldo - Treasurer & Head-Investor Relations: 2013.
Thomas E. Faust - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: 2013. And to some degree, we're still working through those assets. These are people that perhaps didn't really understand the asset class and what they were buying. At that point, there was – you might remember there was a significant fear that interest rates were going to go up sharply. That's the short end as well as the long end. And, obviously, that hasn't happened. And as that hasn't happened, we've been seeing as, again, this is my theory, a lot of those relatively new players in the asset class come out of the asset class. Demand on the institutional side remains solid. I wouldn't say it's spectacular, but it's certainly solid. People get – they've been through this asset class get that it's a significant diversifier. It has potentially no exposure to interest rate risk. These are dollar based loans. So, for a U.S. investor, there's essentially no exposure to currency risk, but it does have exposure to credit risk. But we've been doing this for many years going back to the late 1980s, more than 25 years, and we had experienced in knowing what a typical experience through a credit cycle is in terms of losses to credit events. All of that experience tells us that the asset class is compellingly attractive today. And we're certainly doing what we can to make that case to both current clients and potential clients.
Andrew McLaughlin - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Kim with Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open.
Michael S. Kim - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Hey, guys. Good morning. First, maybe just to come back to the rollout for NextShares. Just wondering if you could maybe give us an update as it relates to seed capital needs going forward as you bring new funds to market? Any color there would be helpful.
Thomas E. Faust - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We're – couple of answers. One answer from an exchange perspective, the amount of capital is quite minimum. Is it 2 – what is it, $1 million or something?
Daniel C. Cataldo - Treasurer & Head-Investor Relations: Two Creation Units.
Thomas E. Faust - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Two Creation Units, which is $1 million, so not significant. We do expect to have larger positions than that but from where we sit today, we don't see the need to build materially large positions in NextShares compared to our current seed capital portfolio which is – how much?
Daniel C. Cataldo - Treasurer & Head-Investor Relations: $268 million.
Laurie G. Hylton - Chief Financial & Accounting Officer, VP: Yeah.
Thomas E. Faust - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: $268 million. So we don't think it will likely that it will move the needle on that. Sometimes a driver of seed capital needs is minimum investment requirements that a particular broker-dealer may impose on a new strategy. For the most part, we would expect and hope that those requirements wouldn't apply to NextShares because these are not new strategies. In all cases, these are established strategies where we're just applying that same strategy in a lower cost more efficient vehicle, and we would expect in our work with broker-dealers that we should be able to convince them that there should be no requirement for significant Eaton Vance Investment in NextShares to validate those strategies. So, bottom line, we don't expect it to be a major factor, a major use of cash over the next year based on everything we know today.
Michael S. Kim - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Got it. That's helpful. And then as a follow-up. Just more broadly curious to hear in terms of what you're seeing for real-time demand trends across the institutional channel and how the pipeline looks in terms of the level of wins as well as the underlying mix of strategies beyond sort of the bank loan demand that you cited earlier?
Thomas E. Faust - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. The opportunity for us is really to take advantage of the strong performance record that a lot of our strategies have today. I mentioned high yield as an area of significant activity. Honestly, I don't think that's reflective of a huge demand incrementally for new allocations to high yield more than the fact that more so it reflects the fact that there are other managers who have disappointed a client and there are searches that are driven by replacements and because we have one of the top track records and certainly a compelling story related to the size and strength and longevity of our team, we're in a position to compete very effectively for those transfers. When I was in London, I did meet actually with a potential new client who is attracted to the risk/reward characteristics of high yield today. They look at spreads in the marketplace and historical levels of the market and historical returns from current spread levels and they're looking at potentially adding to the asset class. I think that's probably the exception rather than the rule today. I mentioned Hexavest has had very strong performance of late that really, in many ways, validates their approach which has been one of general caution on the markets. They made up a lot of ground in the fourth quarter and now have very compelling performance and also particularly attractive performance on a risk-adjusted basis. We expect to see increased activity of Hexavest in searches. Atlanta Capital, again, another very high performing manager and are stable. They have a relatively new strategy. It's been offered institutionally for the last three or four years. It's called Select Equity that had some meaningful wins. That's approaching $500 million in assets, and the strategy that potentially if things go right, that is we have another quarter or two of favorable performance and we can get over that $500 million threshold that we put ourselves in a position to compete effectively for new business there. So, I would say those are three areas I would highlight away from bank loans and away from the more implementation and exposure-oriented parts of our business which continue to see very strong demand. But, again, our key charge to our sales organization currently is we need to figure out ways to translate high-performing investment strategies into strong business performance, and that applies both retail and institutional.
Michael S. Kim - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Got it. Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Carrier with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Adam Q. Beatty - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you and good morning. This is Adam Beatty, in for Mike. We wanted to get your thoughts on regulatory attention to fund composition and derivative exposure, particularly, I guess with respect to some of the overlay and factor-based strategies. Do you expect some additional scrutiny in those areas? And how would you manage that? Thanks.
Thomas E. Faust - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So I think as you're referring to, there was an SEC proposal that came out late last year that would impose additional regulations and new limitations for mutual funds, or I should say, I believe its investment comp – registered investment companies in their use of different kinds of derivative. We have a number of strategies that are fairly intensive users of derivatives. Those fall generally into two categories: one is we have primarily on the closed-end fund side, we have equity funds that write call options in some cases in single stock options, in other cases it's index options, in some cases, they write options in connection with also selling or in some cases buying put options. So we have strategies that are primarily equity funds that have an options overlay. That's sort of one category of derivative intensive product that we offer in a registered investment fund format. The other broad category of products we have is in our Global Macro area where often the most efficient way to gain a desired market exposure is through the derivatives market. So a credit default swap or a forward position in a currency would probably be the two most typical ways of gaining exposure. How those – how this affects those businesses – how these proposed regulations affect these businesses is still up in the air. These regulations are being proposed. Eaton Vance is part of the ICI or Fund Industry Association and is participating in the development of the comment letter to be submitted by the ICI. We also expect to submit our own comment letter on this. We expect our comment letter to focus on, as you would expect, the areas of how we use derivatives. We believe the intent of that initiative is primarily to limit the use of derivatives for leverage purposes, which primarily is not how we use leverages; we're using in the case of writing call option that doesn't add market exposure to a fund arguably it takes away market exposure. And similarly with our derivative strategies on the Global Income side, often these could be replicated in a very similar way by operating in the cash markets. So, I guess, bottom line, we're monitoring this quite closely. We expect to have a comment submitted to the SEC. We're participating in industry comments. Depending on how things go, there could be changes in the implementation of some of our strategies that at the margin could increase fund cost, lower fund return. But there's nothing that would cause us to say that something we're doing today likely we couldn't do if these proposed regulations are implemented, rather, they may require us to do things in a somewhat different way.
Adam Q. Beatty - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thank you, Tom. I appreciate the detail. And then, in particular on the factor-based strategies, it's interesting, if I hear you right, that they're not only customized but somewhat dynamic in terms of the allocation or exposure. The question is how close to the end use or retail investor would you see those types of dynamic decisions being made? Is it something that should always be intermediated by an FA or others, or would you see it being suitable in perhaps a robo-advisor context? Thank you.
Thomas E. Faust - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So, we're not in the robo-advisor business. We do offer these custom beta strategies on a retail basis through relationships we have with broker/dealers, financial advisors generally with a minimum investment of about $250,000 in the strategy. So, we're not today placing these tools in the hands directly of retail investors that not necessarily would be a bad thing, but that's not our focus today. The range of customization that we offer down to the client or advisor level does vary by firm. In some cases, a firm, even some that use these strategies quite actively, give a limited ability for a financial advisor to choose a custom solution. While these are customizable, sometimes that customization sort of stops at the firm level. In other cases, the firm will allow customization down to the advisor group level within agreed upon constraints. But in no case currently do we provide customization down to the individual client level, at least in terms of retail clients.
Adam Q. Beatty - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Interesting. Thank you for taking our questions.
Operator: The next question is from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
William V. Cuddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. This is Will Cuddy standing in for Ken. Thank you for taking our questions. So, a top topic in the news is a potential British exit from the EU. And you've mentioned the growth in your London office. How could like a British exit from the EU potentially affect your International businesses?
Thomas E. Faust - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I guess, first, I would say not materially. We don't have a big International business. I was in London last week, and this is certainly a topic of discussion. I can pass on what I heard though the impact on our business rounds to zero because we don't have a big base of operations in the UK. We are moving from two-thirds of a floor to a full floor in a building there. But I think the concern there in the financial sector is that London could lose its status as a financial center of Europe, which is maybe somewhat arguable today, but probably not something that the French or the Germans are happy about. And my guess is that, if Britain is not part of the EU going forward that that could change with implications not only for markets but also for how and where investment managers like Eaton Vance staff to serve clients and meet market opportunities in Europe. Because we're really at the beginning stage of our development, we don't have a particular commitment to UK. If the new center of Europe is in Frankfurt or Paris or wherever, it wouldn't be a significant disruption to our business to pick up and move effectively. I think the bigger concern – the more likely concern, the most significant concern for Eaton Vance is just what does it do to the markets. We're in the business where our revenues go up or down with the markets. And to the extent that the possibility of a British exit from the EU is weighing on markets, the primary financial impact of that on Eaton Vance is that if that weighing on the markets cause the market prices to go down, our revenues go down. That's the way it works in the asset management business. So I would put it in the same category as other things that are bringing uncertainty and adding risk to global financial markets today is much more significant to us than the specifics of how we address markets in Europe.
William V. Cuddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. So tying into Adam's question earlier with the custom beta and robo-advisors. A big pitch from robo-advisors have been the ability to tax manage assets. Do you see that as a potential threat or opportunity for you? And would you see a potential for partnering with one of these platforms?
Thomas E. Faust - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Certainly something we're interested in. I don't believe it's accurate that today a core offering of most robo-advisors is individual holdings of securities and lot level tax management. I believe the – my understanding is the predominant model is that they invest in ETFs primarily and perhaps other pool vehicles as their primary way of gaining market exposure. I'm familiar that Wealthfront has an offering with individual securities. So I believe with that exception, the robo-advisor world is essentially a world of investing in ETFs and other fund vehicles as opposed to holding direct investments in securities primarily. Clearly, there's an interest here and a potential overlap with our capabilities. I don't think there's great market data on this, but we believe it's highly likely that our affiliate, Parametric, is today the largest player in what I'll call the tax-managed separate account business. We have the most – the largest account base. I'm sure we would claim that the most sophisticated technology and potentially could consider ramping that up to potentially bring down minimum investments and service clients through robo-advisors or other means on a broader basis than we're doing today. So I don't see it as a threat to our business, but I do see it as potentially an opportunity. And we're certainly open to discussions on additional ways to gain access for this product suite, which, as we've talked about in previous quarters and as I emphasized in my remarks today, continues to be a growing part of our business and something that really sets us apart from what I'll call other traditional active managers.
William V. Cuddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you for taking our questions.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Shutler with William Blair. Your line is open.
Andrew Nicholas - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. This is actually Andrew Nicholas filling in for Chris. Just one question. You referred to additional NextShares product launches in March. I just want to confirm first that those would all be Eaton Vance products. And then, in any case, if there is an updated timeline for the rollout of other licensee funds.
Thomas E. Faust - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So to-date the only fund sponsor that has approved fund registration statements is Eaton Vance. So, any near-term launches would be of Eaton Vance sponsored products. A key milestone for other licensees, the other 11 fund sponsors that have exemptive relief to offer NextShares and have entered into preliminary agreements with our affiliate to permit that, a key milestone for them was when Eaton Vance got our registration statement approvals in December. Because, by design, and I would say, by design from our end as well as from the SEC, that was intended to be a template that other fund sponsors could use. So, in other words, the language that was agreed to and negotiated by us and the SEC, that essentially can be plugged into registration statements for other fund sponsors. Certainly, one of our objectives including 18 registration statements in that initial filing was to make sure that we essentially covered all the bases in terms of asset classes and issues that might arise to make it easier for follow-on managers to expedite the process of their own – getting their own registration statement approval. We are certainly in contact with other fund companies. We understand that they are making progress towards filing registration statements relatively soon, but we can't – we obviously can't control the timing of that. But I would say here again, as with our conversations with broker-dealers and other fund companies, the fact that we have a product live with the market is a stimulus for action by the fund companies that have already entered into agreements with us and are trying to make decisions about the timing of their own launches (57:10). But again, also important to them is what does the distribution landscape look like. They're happy for the test phase of the development of NextShares to be dominated by Eaton Vance. They likely are primarily interested in the commercial development, which requires a broader range of distribution outlets than we have today. But we expect to see registrations filed by – for NextShares Fund by other sponsors in the coming weeks.
Andrew Nicholas - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. That's all I had.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached our time limit for any further questions, and I will now turn the call back over the Mr. Cataldo for any closing remarks.
Daniel C. Cataldo - Treasurer & Head-Investor Relations: Great. Thank you for joining us and thank you for your continued interest in Eaton Vance and we look forward to reporting back to you in a few months for our second fiscal quarter end. Good-bye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen McCabe – Head-Investor Relations James Gorman – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jon Pruzan – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Brennan Hawken – UBS Glenn Schorr – Evercore ISI Guy Moszkowski – Autonomous Research Christian Bolu – Credit Suisse Steven Chubak – Nomura Mike Mayo – CLSA Michael Carrier – Bank of America Matt Burnell – Wells Fargo Securities Devin Ryan – JMP Securities Chris Kotowski – Oppenheimer Fiona Swaffield – RBC
Kathleen McCabe: Good morning. This is Kathleen McCabe, Head of Investor Relations. During today’s presentation, we will refer to our earnings release, financial supplement, and strategic update, copies of which are available at www.morganstanley.com. Today’s presentation may include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to our notices regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures that appear in the earnings release and the strategic update. This presentation may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent. I’ll now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James Gorman: Thank you, Kathleen. Good morning, everyone. Given the amount of information we’re going to cover on this call, we’re happy to extend the Q&A a few minutes as needed to insure you get your questions in. In a minute, I’ll take you through the 2016/2017 outlook and plan, but before I do so let me touch briefly on the fourth quarter. Clearly the difficult environment that began midsummer continued through the fourth quarter. Notwithstanding that, equity sales and trading and Investment Banking were strong, and Wealth Management and Investment Management were solid. We acted on those things within our control by initiating a major restructuring affect, conducting a large reduction in force in December, reducing our compensation-to-revenue ratio, launching a large scale firm-wide expense initiative, more on that later, significantly reducing RWAs impact to $136 billion, well below our target of $180 billion, and closing the sale of our oil merchanting business. Finally, we put in place the leadership team to drive the team forward over the next several years. On that, I look forward to having Colm join me as our President. He brings highly complimentary skills and will help take this firm to the next level. The previous appointments of Ted Pick as Global Head of Sales and Trading, Dan Simkowitz as Head of Investment Management and Jon Pruzan as CFO are hard evidence of our deep and talented bench. Finally, Sam Kellie-Smith, will run fixed income and commodities working for Ted. In light of these changes, it was expected that Greg Fleming would pursue opportunities away from Morgan Stanley. We thank Greg for all he is done, and wish him well for the future. Our bench in Wealth Management is particularly strong. Andy Saperstein and Shelley O’Connor have over 40 years experience in that business. Shelley previously ran the field organization, a position Andy also previously held as well as running products. Colm will help oversee Wealth Management and of course it is a business have a very long history in. Building a first-class leadership team is among my most important responsibilities. I’m delighted we made these decisions, and look forward to a period of stability with this team. Now our entire focus is on driving results. Please, if you will, turn to the slides that you can find on the Investor Relations website. After I go through these Jon will take you through the quarter in more detail then we’ll both take your questions. Let’s start with Slide number 3. As you can see, as a result of many changes, our business mix is much more balanced with complimentary franchises in Institutional Securities, Wealth Management, and Investment Management. In our Institutional Securities business, we have maintained our leadership positions in Investment Banking and equity sales and trading, as illustrated on Slide 4. In equity sales and trading, we’re first among global peers as of the third quarter year-to-date. We’ve built on the momentum of recent years under the leadership of Colm and Ted, with full year revenues ex-DVA of $8.1 billion, up 18% year-over-year. In banking, we continue to see strength and finished second in global announced M&A and number one in IPOs. Slide 5 recaps what we laid out last year and our results. In Wealth Management, we achieved a full-year profit margin of 22%, with pre-tax earnings of $3.3 billion, a record for this business. We expect to see further growth in Wealth Management. We grew our U.S. banks’ net interest income by 46% year-over-year in a flat rate environment. However in fixed income and commodities, we failed to improve on our financial results. While we’ve been reshaping fixed for several years, the volatile and shrinking revenue pool coupled with the steady increase in capital requirements led us to take further significant action at year end. Through our recently announced FIC restructuring, we will better align the capital and resources committed to the business with the opportunity we see. Through the year, our funding costs benefited from the realization of our funding tailwind, as the debt we issued was at much tighter spreads than the post-crisis debt that matured. We will continue to see benefit from the associated going forward. We maintained our focus on expense management and achieved a full-year ISG compensation ratio ex-DVA of 37%, below our stated goal of 39% or less. And finally, we increased our common dividend by 50% and increased our buyback from $1 billion to $2.5 billion. We intend to further increase capital return to shareholders in the years ahead, subject of course to regulatory approval. As you can on page 6, our ROE for 2015 excluding DVA and the discrete tax benefits were 7% on a capital base of $67 billion. We remain committed to our 10% ROE target. Obviously that gap is a function of both earnings and equity. On Slide 7 we layout the key elements of our plan for achieving returns of 10% or greater. These include capital sufficiency, expense efficiency, Wealth Management revenue growth and capital returns to shareholders. These of course are in addition to the continued improvements across Institutional Securities and Investment Management. Since 2012, we have made significant progress in derisking our balance sheet on flat assets. This is shown on Slide 8. We continued to accrete common equity, despite continued increase in capital returns to shareholders. We believe our robust equity base coupled with a derisk balance sheet and a transformed business mix, provides a strong foundation to support our current plan. As shown on Slide 9, our pro forma common equity Tier 1 ratio of 14.1% and pro forma supplemental leverage ratio of 5.8% are well in excess of their prospective requirements. Building a very strong capital base has been a critical part of our strategy, as evidenced by our ratios. By comparison in the first quarter of 2014, our pro forma common equity Tier 1 ratio under the advanced approach was 11.6% and our pro forma supplemental leverage ratio was just 4.2%. We await clarification on the impact in timing of the G-SIB buffer and CCAR. When that clarity is provided, we believe we will be near the end of supervisory changes and therefore our capital is appropriately sized to support our business going forward. Turning to fixed income and commodities on Slide 10. Notwithstanding considerable efforts to reduce the capital required to support FIC, further regulatory changes in recent years and a prolonged difficult environment led us to believe that much more radical actions were necessary. We have reset the long-term RWA target for FIC at $110 billion, and a setting an SLR exposure target of $250 billion. As a result, we are confident that going forward this business will require $5 billion to $8 billion less capital. Over time where possible, excess capital will be returned to shareholders. On Slide 11, we give more details on the FIC restructuring. Given the cyclical, and in some cases structural challenges facing fixed income, driven by the work Colm and Ted did at the end of last year, we took the decision to downside headcount by 25%, along with our ongoing balance sheet and capital focus. We took this action alongside the recent installation of a new management team with the objective of credibly sizing of the business going forward. Our emphasis will be where we have traditional strengths. We have competitive advantages in micro products, specifically in corporate credit connecting to our Investment Banking franchise, as well as the mortgage product and in macro product such as structured rates, and certain electronified FX product, which we will appropriately resource. Even closer integration with equities and banking within Institutional Securities, and in partnership with Wealth Management against our core client base, will allow us to enhance asset velocity and ultimately optimize wallet. Now let’s turn to expense discipline, beginning on Slide 12. As a management team, our number priority is to control what we can control given market realities. In ISG, we previously set our compensation target of 39%, and finished the year at approximately 37%, partly a function of having fewer employees to support the business. We intend to stay at or below 37% in ISG and have also said 2017 targets for Wealth Management and Investment Management. Turning to Slide 13. In addition to our focus on compensation discipline, we have launched a major company-wide initiative called Project Streamline, an effort lead by our CFO Jon Pruzan, and COO Jim Rosenthal, which is designed to identify and implement significant infrastructure expense reductions by the end of 2017. Some of these initiatives are shown here. Now is the time to tackle head-on our infrastructure costs and maximize low-cost deployment of talent. We have too many legal entities, too much duplication of operations and processes, and too many employees based in high-cost centers doing work that can sensibly be done in lower cost centers. You will hear a lot more about Project Streamline in the coming quarters. The combination of these efforts will enable us to meaningfully improve our efficiency ratio as shown on Slide 14. Our target expense ratio ex-DVA in 2015 was 79% and we ended the year 77%. Expense management is critically important. As such we have set a net target ratio of 74% in 2017, which translates into $1 billion in expense reductions over the next two years. In setting this efficiency ratio, we have assumed flat revenues for 2016 and 2017. To be clear, we do not expect the revenue environment to apply, especially given ongoing growth initiatives like Lending and Wealth Management; however, we believe this assumption is appropriately conservative. Now let’s turn to Wealth Management on Slide 15. We continue to see strong high quality loan demand on our Wealth Management client base. We have significantly reduced client penetration and increase client penetration in security space lending and residential lending over the last three years, but we remain substantially underpenetrated relative to our peers. For example, only 1.9% of our clients have a mortgage loan through Morgan Stanley. Increased penetration of all loans will drive $20 billion of lending growth through 2017. A highly scalable business like Wealth Management enables us to add sources of revenue with lower compensation payouts such as net interest growth. Slide 16 aggregates the medium-term opportunities in Wealth Management. To provide granularity, we lay out three areas where we see obvious potential of margin improvement assuming stable markets. From today’s level of 22%, we see margin potential of 23% to 25% in 2017 through one loan and deposit growth, two expense discipline, and three normal course of business growth. In addition, it’s worth reminding investors that when we completed the Smith Barney transaction, we put in place a retention program that amortized over nine years. That amortization will be completed in January 2019 and will add an additional 150 basis points of margin. Now let’s turn to Slide 17. As I have said earlier, we believe we are sufficiently capitalized. Subject to regulatory approval, we intend to increase our payout to shareholders in the coming years just as we have done in the last four years. Let me now turn to Slide 18, the final slide. This sets forth ROE targets for 2017. Over the past several years, our returns have been depressed by very high litigation expenses in penalties. The need to build a strong capital base resulting in material capital growth every year. The cost of integration of the largest acquisition in wealth management history. The challenging fixed income markets against which we’ve carried outsized capital levels. The restructuring of our merchant bank and of course the enormous cost in capital brought about by the post-crisis regulatory environment. We see the next several years very differently. We’ve identified one $1 billion of tangible expense savings. We believe the bank strategy will be a significant driver of earnings growth in wealth management and for the firm. We expect equities and IBD to remain strong and grow revenues assuming global economic growth. And we believe Investment Management is now positioned for growth. Most importantly we believe our capital is strong and our ongoing balance sheet reductions will free up more capital for distribution or where that is not possible, reinvestment into our high return businesses. As a result, we’re setting a 2017 ROE target of 9% to 11%. This assumes no material new capital requirements, no outside new litigation expenses or penalties and a global economy, that evidences growth not turmoil. Either way, in a flat revenue environment, we will reduce run-rate expenses by $1 billion on an annual basis beginning in 2017. Let me now turn to Jon, who’ll briefly touch on the fourth quarter. Then together we would take all of your questions.
Jon Pruzan: Thanks, James. Good morning. I will keep my comments brief, so we have ample time for Q&A. The fourth quarter of 2015 proved to be a continuation of the third quarter in many ways with mid-quarter volatility and macro concerns driving clients to the side lines after relatively constructive markets early in the quarter. In a volatile environment, we benefited from the strength of our equities, investment banking and wealth management businesses. Against this backdrop, revenues were $7.7 billion in the fourth quarter, or $7.9 billion excluding DVA, up 7% versus 3Q 2015. Non-interest expenses for the quarter were $6.3 billion. Our effective tax rate was 34.5% for the quarter, driven by our geographic mix of earnings throughout the year. For the full year 2015, our tax rate excluding the discrete tax benefits from the first quarter was 32.5%. Now to the businesses. In a challenging environment for some of our institutional security business, overall revenues ex-DVA were $3.5 billion, up 2% quarter-on-quarter. Non-interest expense was down 11% versus the third quarter. Compensation expenses were $1.2 billion down 7% quarter-over-quarter. Excluding DVA, the ISG compensation ratio was down for the quarter, which brought our full year ratio to 37%. Non-compensation expenses were $1.6 billion for the quarter, down 13% driven by lower litigation costs. In investment banking, continued strength in our M&A business and better performance in equity underwriting helped to offset weakness in debt underwriting. For the quarter, we generated $1.2 billion in revenues up 3% sequentially. Advisory revenues for the quarter were strong at $516 million, but down 7% from the post 2008 high we achieved last quarter. Turning to underwriting, equity underwriting revenues were $352 million up 41% versus the third quarter, primarily reflecting increases in IPOs. We continued to see pressure from volatility in fixed income underwriting volumes and revenues were $346 million, down 7% versus the third quarter, driven by decreases in loan fees partially offset by investment grade bond fees. The fourth quarter was a continuation of the strength we have seen all year in equity sales and trading as clients remained active and we delivered across products and regions in a volatile market. Ex-DVA, revenues for the quarter were $1.8 billion up 3% sequentially. For the quarter, cash equity revenues were higher versus comparable quarters, as we gained share across regions. Our prime brokerage business continued to demonstrate leadership, with revenues up quarter-over-quarter as we stayed closely engaged with our clients. Derivative revenues were down quarter-over-quarter against challenging market conditions but up year-over-year. Fixed income and commodity sales and trading continue to under-perform in a difficult environment, characterized by spread widening in various products and lower levels of client activity. For the quarter revenues were $550 million, excluding DVA, down 6% versus the third quarter. Revenues in securitized products and credit continued to be negatively impacted by the environment. Rates revenues in the quarter were up sequentially, while FX was down driven by lower market volatility and lower client engagement. Commodity results were down quarter-over-quarter, primarily driven by our oil merchanting business. We closed the sale of this business on November 1. Given the sale of our two large physical oil businesses, we would expect to see less seasonality in our first quarter FIC results going forward. Lastly, average trading VaR for the quarter was $46 million, down from $53 million last quarter, driven by a reduction in interest rates and credits spread as well as commodities. In our wealth management business, we continue to see steadiness, for the quarter and for the full-year 2015, we saw average revenues per day of approximately $60 million with no day below $50 million. Revenues for the quarter were $3.8 billion, excluding the impact of differed compensation plan investments in both periods revenues were approximately flat sequentially. In the quarter, we continued to benefit from our deposit deployment strategy with net interest income increasing 4% from fourth – third quarter and full-year net interest income of $3 billion up 26%. Funded lending balances in wealth management grew approximately $3 billion or 6% during the quarter and $12 billion or 31% year-over-year. Growth in NII helped offset some of the quarter’s headwinds including the 5% decline in asset management revenues, which was a function of the third quarter’s lower S&P level. We continued to see muted overall activity in transactional revenues, excluding the impact of DCP. On the expense side, compensation was up 6% quarter-over-quarter due largely to the offsetting impact of the expense associated with DCP investment James mentioned earlier. Non-compensation expenses were up 6% driven by typical 4Q seasonality. Our PBT margin for the quarter was 21% ex-severance down slightly versus 3Q 2015 though up year on year. For the full-year, PBT margin was 22% in wealth management. Deposits in our bank deposit program were $149 billion at year-end up $10 billion versus the third quarter reflecting normal seasonality in deposits as well as client’s moving to cash in a volatile market. And in Investment Management revenues were $621 million up significantly quarter-over-quarter driven by traditional asset management, which was up 5% as well as stronger performance in merchant banking and real estate investing, where revenues were $211 million versus a loss in the third quarter. Performance in Investment Management will be impacted by the market levels and back drop. So far this quarter market industries around globe are down with many off to their worse start in history. If they remain down through the rest of the quarter we will see an impact in Investment Management performance, particular in our private investing businesses. Now turning to the balance sheet, total assets were $788 billion at December 31 down from $834 billion at the end of the third quarter. Average balance sheet was $814 billion down from $827 billion in 3Q as clients moved to the sidelines and activity slowed, particular in the second half of the quarter. Our global liquidity reserve at the end of the quarter was $203 billion, compared with a $191 billion at the end of the third quarter driven by typical seasonality in deposits. Pro forma fully phased in Basel III advanced RWAs are expected to be approximately $397 billion, down from $434 billion in the third quarter driven by reductions in market RWAs in a slower client environment.  During the fourth quarter, we repurchased $625 million of common stock or approximately 19 million shares, and our Board declared a $0.15 dividend per share. For the full-year, we repurchased $2.1 billion of common stock or 59 million shares.  Turning to outlook, in the first two weeks, we have seen a significant rise in volatility across market and asset classes and an intense focus on the China economy, market and currency as well as declining oil prices. We have had a reasonable start in sales and trading, as clients have been engaged as they try and navigate this period of volatility and keep their risk positions close to home. M&A has remained active. We are cautious however, as prolonged volatility is not conducive to M&A activity. The underwriting calendar has been challenged. The capital market’s pipeline is healthy, but market volatility could delay new issues coming to market. And on the retail side, clients remain cautious. It’s way too early to predict how the rest of the quarter unfolds and we are tightly managing our risk positions along with our clients.  With that, we will open the line to questions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brennan Hawken with UBS. Please go ahead. 
Brennan Hawken: Good morning, thanks for taking the questions. 
James Gorman: [Indiscernible]
Brennan Hawken: Just a quick one on the reduction, it’s actually not a quick one. On [indiscernible] RWA and FIC that you laid out in the deck. So what should we think about as far as timing, obviously you laid out the year-end 2017? But is there a way to think about the curve over the next two years, as we progress. And how should we think about the revenue that would be tied to that capital and how it might be recycled throughout the organization if not returned to shareholders. 
James Gorman: Good opener, Brennan. Let me start by saying first, we’ve laid out RWA targets, so there – for I think the last three years and going back I still remember a number like $392 billion or there about in around the third quarter of 2011 in FIC. So we are light years from that. And last year, we thought we had achieved $180 billion and as you can see, we ended materially lower than that.  On the exact timing of year-end and the trajectory year-end 2017, I can’t really help you. We’re going to do it opportunistically. We’ll do with sort of minimum damage. We don’t want to get rid of assets on a distressed basis. We have some natural roll off. So we feel very comfortable with these targets. And it’s fair to say we haven’t disappointed in the last few years. That hasn’t been an issue in FIC.  As it relates to the capital with just arithmetically, if you run these numbers through the models, it does actually free up that much capital. It just means the business doesn’t need that capital. Our view is that we were overcapitalized that our balance sheet was too big in the business given the revenue and business opportunity. We now – and we were over expensed frankly by taking out 25% of the head count and with that the expenses on compensation, the project streamline that would now work on some of the infrastructure pieces by now reducing the RWAs and the SLR Exposure. We will reduce the amount of capital tied up in that business. How that is redeployed is a really good question. Obviously, overtime we expect, we’ll deliver that back to shareholder. That’s the current plan. We don’t control all of the pieces of that plan. We are a regulated institution. We have been through CCAR or SCAR I think five times. And every time we’ve asked for a buyback or dividend. Our request has been met. It’s fair to say that we’ll continue to ask for buybacks and dividends. And where we can’t use that capital if it’s sort of track capital for some period of time which some of it maybe. There are clearly other businesses that can use the capital sensibly. We have very high return businesses in both Investment Management and Wealth Management. Clearly, we can use the capital to support our growth in those businesses. As indeed we have had very high returns in our equity franchise.  So I don’t know, is that helpful? But it’s hard to lay out a more specific timeline for the balance sheet now that be already runoff than what we’ve given here with the instate and with the year-end 2017. 
Brennan Hawken: That’s fair, that’s fair. Thanks, James. I guess is there any way that we could think about revenue or you could maybe help us to frame how to think about revenue, because obviously if you are going to take that much capital out, right. You are going to have a very different business. You talked about focusing on some of the strengths a few business lines maybe you could help us think about which businesses you are going to be deemphasizing and how much revenue you think realistically could come out as a result of that. And then finally, how that translates into margin for the business overall.
James Gorman: Well, I don’t think I can give you the margin translation at this point. And let me address some of the other issues and then I’m sure, Jon may want to add to it and you’ll be hearing a lot more from Ted on the leadership team, probably in the first quarter, one of the investment conferences. I think the basic position we are in was we had more balance sheet and more capital in the business than we were generating revenues on. So we don’t think there’s going to be great revenue diminution from this point given where we finished 2015, which frankly as we said we are very candid that was disappointing. What we’re doing is reducing the path of fixed income, where frankly we didn’t see the revenue opportunity over the last 12 and 24 months. We’ve always said as we said on the call we’ve always had a good micro business, a good credit business that remains good. We’ve been very good in the more sophisticated structure rates. We’re reducing obviously our exposure and liquid rates. We’ve never been a major FX trader and we’ve focused on the major currencies there, not the not the non-G10 currencies. And then, regionally we sort of picked our shots through distressed and high yield in various other places around the globe where we think we need to be overemphasized relative to under. The net of it will be more of a U.S.-focused business, a slimmer business when it comes to some of the macro products. I don’t know John if you want to add at this point anymore details on that.
Jon Pruzan: Yes, the one thing I would add is just to give you a better sense of some of the things we are getting out of as James mentioned, most of that is not in the U.S. Things like sovereign CDS, some of the non-core European currencies, Asia distressed trading, some of the bespoke [ph] correlation products as well as all of the work we’ve done on our commodities business in terms of the oil merchanting businesses as well as the announcement regarding our European power and gas last year. So a smaller footprint, less capital, less expenses and better margin.
Brennan Hawken: Okay, great.
James Gorman: And on a personal note, Brennan have to apologize I’ve called you Brendan, I think, three earnings calls in a row, so my apologies.
Brennan Hawken: No worries, James, that’s all right I’ve been called worse. And then finally another one here real quick. When we think about your ROE goal, right ultimately which you referenced early on in the deck many times as 10% and then, we think about 2017 showing the 9% to 11%, can you maybe square how that’s a little bit different, just is it that the transition may not be complete by 2017. How is it we should think about that?
James Gorman: You know, our goal remains to achieve returns above our cost of capital. Clearly whether our cost of capital is actually 10% right now, but let’s take that for granted for the moment. Our goal is to achieve returns above that. Clearly we can’t be that precise, I mean, this is a highly variable set of revenues that we have in these businesses as we are seeing in the markets today versus Friday, for example. So that’s why we’re expressing it as a range but you’ll note the mid point of that range is indeed 10%. We aren’t backing off of the goals, in fact for the first time we’ve put a timeline against it and as we laid out what the key drivers of that. Obviously, it’s with the appropriate caveat which you would expect if we have a major outsized litigation expense or penalties that are unforeseen if the markets completely collapse here if we have no revenue growth, if the Fed responded very differently to our capital plans than what we intended it gets harder. On the other side if we have stronger revenue growth, we meet our expense targets, we do our capital plan, we’re confident about, certainly about the range and our target is the mid point of that range.
Brennan Hawken: That’s fair enough. Thanks a lot for taking my questions.
James Gorman: Sure.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thanks very much. I guess the follow-up on FICC. Just curious what you think the net of all of the moves might be in terms of how you think about your G-SIB buffer and then how it might factor in just in general to your ability to return that excess capital. I heard your comments about redeploying if you aren’t allowed but it seems like your RWA reduction and then the costs that go along with it is kind of what builds the buffer but just curious to get some detail on that.
James Gorman: In thinking about capital, I mean, problem number one is having enough capital. At 4.2 supplemental leverage ratio which was just I think the beginning of 2014. I’m looking John is nodding 2014, clearly we weren’t there. So problem number one has been solved we’ve clearly got enough capital on any metric that you measure. Problem number two is then if you continue to accrete capital what is the sensible buyback dividend and total payout ratio that you’ve put against that. And then opportunity number three is as you reshape the business mix and move to a less capital intensive parts of the business, you by definition are throwing off more capital than you’ve had the day before you did that, what are you able to do with that capital? As to refer to Brennan’s question this isn’t going to happen tomorrow, Glenn, it’s going to happen over as we said a couple of years so it’s not like we’re going to have a pool of capital to give back tomorrow. But we’re setting ourselves up for increasing returns over the next several years at the same time let’s make investments across the rest of the business.  So I don’t know if that helps you, but where it relates to G-SIB buffer, we know what our buffer is. What we don’t know is how the Federal Reserve through the CCAR process is adjusting its models once they put the CCAR buffer in my understanding is there will be adjustments to the models which will tamper that buffer to create a net number which is lower than the buffer for all of the banks. That’s my current understanding. Obviously we have to see that play out. My understanding is the Federal Reserve had models which were by definition harder than they probably would have had in normal circumstance but that was driven by not having the G-SIB buffer put in place. Now that it’s in place the models will be refined and the net impact is what we will be looking at. So the combined net impact of the G-SIB buffer with these capital reductions from the balance sheet with the amount of capital we are a accreting, we still accrete capital last year gives us a reasonably high degree of confidence that we’re going to be seeing increasing capital returns in the years ahead.
Glenn Schorr: From your lips, all right, just a follow-up on a quickie one on the corporate loan commitments, if you could give any color about the total or the funded loan book, how much of its energy reserves against that? How are you feeling about that book in general.
James Gorman: In general, on the corporate loan book, I think, the focus areas have really been around energy and probably event, particularly in the single-B market. We have seen, on the energy complex we have seen credit migration in that portfolio and as a result, Glenn we’ve increased our allowances. We seen an increase in some negative marks that we take through our – income statement, as well as increasing our hedges. And we would expect that pressure on that portfolio to persist for awhile. In terms of the total size of the portfolio, it’s about $16 billion of both funded and unfunded, this is energy now. That’s down from $17 billion in the third quarter. Of that $16 billion, I would say 60% is investment grade, or excuse me it’s to investment grade counter parties and only about 30% of that $16 billion is funded. Another focus area within the energy portfolio has really been around E&P. In terms of our statistics that portfolio is about $4.4 billion broken down, $1.7 of that is funded to non-investment grade borrowers and about $2.7 billion is still unfunded. That unfunded piece is about two-thirds to investment grade borrowers. In terms of the reserves and the allowances remember of the $16 billion total energy book approximately 60% of that is held for investment, while 40% is fair value or held for sale. That other portion is mark-to-market and primarily flows through our other revenue line in the ISG in terms of the income statement and has been marked to the current environment. We will continue to monitor that portfolio very closely. We regularly stress test it. We’re watching for signs of contagion and we’re hedging accordingly and adjusting our hedges accordingly. So I think that’s the color on the energy exposures. On the event again it’s been we’ve seen disruption in that marketplace since August. It’s primarily been focused in the single B part of the market. We have had a handful of loans that got caught in that dislocation and downdraft but again, it is only a handful of loans, a few of which we distributed in the fourth quarter and a few of which we still hold. The losses related to both the syndicated loans as well as the ones that we still hold are also reflected in our fourth quarter results. The double-B and investment grade markets held in pretty well, although the pricing has widened. We see investors wanting to put capital to work in that market but they are being more selective. They are looking at higher quality names and extracting larger new issue concessions, but in terms of outlook we continue to under write new commitments predominantly in the double-B space and the investment grade space and that reflects the current environment. So again, those two areas of energy and event we’ve been highly focused on and containing and managing that position as best we can. Outside of that we haven’t really seen much contagion. Wealth management book still stays and looks pretty good. It remains stable, strong credit quality no real changes in those metrics, commercial real estate portfolio also haven’t seen real signs of weakness.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. Thanks for that, a lot of detail. Good.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Guy Moszkowski with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Guy Moszkowski: Good morning. Just to follow-up and stay on the topic of corporate credit. And more broadly then the sort of energy E&P type stuff that you talked about where you gave good color. In your experience what are the leading indicators of credit deterioration that you drilled down on broadly away from energy and the commodities [indiscernible], how are they looking right now and is there any reason that you can think of as to why this would be different this time?
James Gorman: It’s a good question in terms of relative and historical performance. I think we’ve obviously been in a very benign credit environment for awhile. We are starting to see some pressure in the energy complex as I said across the other metrics, particularly for us given the health of our customer base. In the retail side we haven’t seen much stress in those areas. We are increasing the allowance for loan losses, this quarter it’s up to about $70 million, clearly a portion which is energy. So we are seeing a churn in the credit cycle. But again from our book in the way that we look at it, it’s really been focused in, on the on the energy complex right now.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay, that’s helpful. And then just a follow-up question on wealth management. Looking at your Slide 16, the net interest income growth in a range of 75 basis points to 175 basis points of margin contribution, if – I think you’ll remember that you’ve baked in the forward curve to those assumptions. So where would we be in terms of that range if short-term interest rates stay where they are currently as opposed to actually incorporating the forward curve?
James Gorman: I think the right way to think about that, those numbers, I would say, do not require any incremental rise in rates from where we are today. If the forward curve is realized, we will get some incremental benefit, but those margin targets don’t require incremental rate movements. They do require growth in loans that we laid out on the prior page and we’ve had very good momentum in that lending book but it doesn’t require the forward curve to hit those margin targets.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay, that’s really helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christian Bolu with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead
Christian Bolu: Good morning.
James Gorman: Good morning.
Christian Bolu: So my first question is on the $1 billion cost saves. I’m just trying to gauge what’s incremental versus just rule off one-time as in 2015. So I guess the first question is how much litigation and severance costs did you incur in 2015? And then two, of that $1 billion in cost saves how much of that is roll off of the 2015 litigation and severance cost versus incremental business rationalization?
Jon Pruzan: Again of that, $1 billion as James mentioned, that assumes no individual one time significant charges. There’s obviously an element of litigation that’s part of our business. We were happy to see the litigation expense go down in the fourth quarter, but in terms of breaking out those individual numbers, we have historically not done that but again it’s – it does require no major single individual event.
Christian Bolu: Okay, just so I’m clear, because I think you put out the numbers in your Qs of just about $500 million of litigation costs through the third quarter and about $150 million in severance, so that’s close to $700 million in cost…
James Gorman: I’m sorry, I didn’t understand the question. I apologize so again the $550 million number you’re referencing was in the third quarter year-to-date as I said our litigation came down materially in the fourth quarter and the severance of the $150 million was across the firm in the fourth quarter, presumably we won’t have the same level of severance so part of that severance would be embedded in that billion dollars.
Christian Bolu: Okay, so what about the litigation are you assuming it’s roughly the same going forward or you assume it comes down from that at least $555 million we had as of the third quarter.
James Gorman: Yes, I think we believe that the most significant items related to the credit crisis are largely behind us. This quarter it was good to see litigation come down and so I think there is an embedded assumption along those lines but again it’s a lumpy and unpredictable line item.
Christian Bolu: Okay. And then my follow-up just on the lending – on balances I’m just trying to reconcile the current target versus the prior target so you had – you expected $180 billion in total U.S. Bank assets by the end of 2016. Does that still stand and then how do we think of 2017?
Jon Pruzan: In terms of the – what I would say is the slide in the deck is only in the wealth management segment so it’s not a total lends on the bank. We’ll be coming back to you with more detail throughout the year but in terms of the 2016 number that loan growth that you see out of wealth management would be consistent with those targets.
Christian Bolu: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Chubak with Nomura. Please go ahead.
Steven Chubak: Hi, good morning.
James Gorman: Good morning.
Steven Chubak: So, I appreciate the detailed guidance certainly as part of the broader strategic review. It’s always quite helpful to us but some of the early feedback that I just wanted to relay suggests that there’s investors are struggling and quite candidly we’re struggling to reconcile the [indiscernible] to 9% to 11% ROE versus some of the different guidance components. And if we think about a backdrop where there’s 4% annual revenue growth, a 74% efficiency ratio, 32% tax rate, and flat preferreds and non-controlling interest, it gets to you about $6 billion of net income to common and if I even take just the low end of that 9% to 11% ROE range, the implied common equity is about $66 billion which suggests payouts in excess of 100% over the next two years. So I just wanted to get an understanding as to of what elements or components of that analysis might be flawed or needs to be tweaked and how should we – and what capital return assumptions are embedded in that 9% to 11% ROE target range that you highlighted for 2017?
Jon Pruzan: Let me try to take a swing at this one. So as we laid out on the page, first of all the compensation, the billion dollars plus of compensation and non-comp savings are assuming a flat revenue environment so if we get out two years and we’re flat to today our ratio will be 74%. As James mentioned we do expect revenue growth throughout this period and therefore the efficiency ratio should be lower than the 74% because we do have operating leverage in the business. First and foremost, and so I think that is probably the biggest disconnect in your math. You can see in the revenue bucket or the modest revenue growth bucket we do have improvements in different business segments. And then in terms of the capital base, ideally, we believe we have sufficient capital, we had been accreting capital over the course of the last several years. We would expect to probably accrete a little bit more capital over the coming period. But we would like to try to slow – clearly slowdown the accretion of capital since we have – we believe we have the appropriate amount of capital for our current plan.
Steven Chubak: Okay, thanks. And Jonathan, I think you spend a lot of time talking about capital and obviously it’s going to be contingent on the feedback you get from regulators and presumably they would be inclined or incentivized to reward actions to reduce your systemic risk footprint or exposure system with more risk intensive activities, based on your discussions have you been given any indication that they would be perceptive to higher payouts for those that are willing to shrink more aggressively in those areas.
James Gorman: I don’t want to get ahead of predicting how regulators are going to think about this. We did what we think is right for our business. Our job is to generate returns to our business; however, arithmetically if you have met all of the capital targets by definition, if you change the structure of your business and throw off additional capital that you know by definition don’t need that all will be available for returns. Do I think that there is going to be one-time major dividend in the next 12, 18 months. No, I don’t think that’s possible but do I believe that we’re going to be in a position where we increase our returns, absolutely. And you’ve seen banks that have generated payouts above 100% for this reason, for that they are accreting more capital than they need for their business. That’s before you get to banks that have actually restructured their business in the phase of the new business reality. So again I don’t want to get ahead of them – that would not be a smart thing to do but I do think our strategy is pretty clear and it’s certainly consistent with where the regulatory push has been.
Steven Chubak: Right, that’s very helpful. I appreciate you taking my questions.
James Gorman: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: Hi, your 9% to 11% ROE target, you have a timeframe on that for the first time ever, I appreciate it. But what is that on a tangible ROE basis?
James Gorman: Mike, we’ve got about little over $9.5 billion of goodwill and intangibles, so on our capital base, somewhere around 125 basis points, above those numbers just math.
Mike Mayo: All right, so the target on a tangible basis is 10% to 12%?
Jon Pruzan: We have an ROE target of 9% to 11%.
Mike Mayo: Okay. 
Jon Pruzan: For all of our common equity.
Mike Mayo: And what’s the need behind this target, I mean is it just a target that sits there or is management paid off this? What’s the follow through from this target to the organization?
James Gorman: Not totally sure, I understand your question. All of our employees are bonus eligible paid in stock. The stock is generally performed somewhere in line with ROE and price to book so everybody is affected by that. The most senior management team I receive as part of their compensation performance units which are directly affected too by ROE and total shareholder return so that’s very specific for the senior team. But we are not doing this to frankly drive up our personal comp. We’re doing it because we think these businesses should be run with returns at or above 10% and nobody in this world predicted the last four or five years of what’s gone in the markets and the amount of capital that would be required to support these businesses when I took this job our capital base was $40 billion, today it’s $69 billion. We’re in a tremendous E position and the challenge has been to get the R moving consistent with that rate of growth of the E. And what we’ve done here is to frame it for investors because understandably they want to know what is a realistic timeframe just to Steven’s question before what is a realistic timeframe, how do the pieces add up mathematically, to get you there. Are they believable, are they plausible and we thought it might going to be smart to layout what we think is a realistic timeframe that kind of range 9% to 11% 2017, the pieces are we are definitely taking out expenses, some of them are in the bag, if you will. And some of them are going to be driven by management processes that we put in place. We believe there is revenue growth across many parts of our business over a two year period and we believe we are sufficiently capitalized given the world that we operate in so if you add all those pieces together putting it in terms of a target to help investors have a framework rather than open ended seem to be the right transition point for Morgan Stanley. In the last several years we couldn’t have done that because we couldn’t address some of the issues on the right hand side of that slide.
Mike Mayo: As a follow-up Slide 13, you addressed compensation by each of the three main business areas, but you didn’t give any meat on the non-comp expenses. Can you just elaborate on any specifics there?
James Gorman: I’m sorry. Say that again. We addressed the compensation we didn’t give meat on what?
Mike Mayo: On the non-comp Slide 13, location strategy, leverage technology, consolidated processes, outsourcing. What sort of expense savings could you get from the non-comp areas?
James Gorman: Well, I think what we wanted to frame was the total comp ratio. I’m sorry the total efficiency ratio of 74% and embedded in that was $1 billion of expense savings, which will be function of comp and non-comp. We’re not going to break those out in detail on this call, we are very confident about that as we’re referencing with Steve and there a number of these things, which obviously just go away through reality like the severance costs. There is the elevated legal expenses we’ve carried in the last several years, which we think is unlikely to be carried forward. There is the restructuring we did which frankly just changes the run rate of your salaries benefits, medical and the bonus pool for those individuals, and we’ve already initiated a major effort under this project streamline and some of those pieces begin this week. We started with changing our so-called contingent employees or our consultants in far away markets where we’ve achieved the objective of what that would be put to work. We’ve now reduced some of those numbers. And all of those efforts are coming together. So you’ll see a mix of – and over the next several quarters we’ll give you much more details on the non-comp. So we’re not going to break it out now.
Mike Mayo: And then lastly any big restructuring or repositioning charge related to project streamline.
James Gorman: No. No.
Mike Mayo: All right. Thank you.
James Gorman: Certainly not that’s visible at this point not that’s planned.
Mike Mayo: Thanks.
James Gorman: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Carrier: Thanks guys. James, just on the FIC side of the business, post restructuring, I know it’s tough to gauge but when you mentioned and you look at the revenue environment and kind of where your run rate now, you wouldn’t expect much of a drop-off. Just wanted to understand is that relative to like the second half of 2015, like total 2015 or is there any way to gauge it from like a return on asset like what you expect in FIC going forward?
James Gorman: No, I think of that in terms of the full year, obviously the second half but our revenue run rates of $500 million were incredibly low. But we look what the total market size is what our share is, and what our expected share is, and expected market size in the next couple of years and that’s why we say we believe we’re right-sized for revenue rate equivalent to 2015. We obviously – we’ll be trying to do a lot better than that but we think that’s a plausible outlook.
Michael Carrier: Okay, all right. That’s helpful. And then Jon, just on the – I guess you mentioned like with the weak markets some of the impact that you can see in investment management. So I guess just two things on that. Last quarter we saw that kind of negative accrual I think on the Asia private equity your Merchant Banking fund [ph], just what type of exposure unit in the investment management business have – those types of products so we can see those swings. And then in wealth management I feel like the transaction revenues have been pretty weak for a while and that’s more of an industry trend but just wanted to figure out are we stabilizing here, meaning are there pressures there somewhat coming to a slowdown?
Jon Pruzan: Sure, a couple of questions. I think on the investment management question the way I would try to think about it is there basically two major components of how we make business in that – how we make money in that business, one is just our fee revenues from managing money. And obviously that’s going to be a rate – that’s a rate times volume equation. So if the amount of money we’re managing goes down that will be impacted by the markets that we’re seeing but that outline is pretty stable. The second line as you said is the investment line. When I refer to the investment line I’m talking about the segment reporting we do in our supplement, that number was negative $235 million last quarter we said that was predominately driven by our reversal of carry in our Asia PE fund or funds. This quarter it was $100 million that return to a positive number was driven by all of our – most of our investing businesses both private equity infrastructure and real estate that was more balanced. We said in the third quarter when we took the reversal of carry that that eliminated the vast majority – excuse me, the majority of the carry that we have accrued in our Asia PE businesses we obviously have a carry accrued in other businesses. And that’s disclosed in the queue but the exposure at certainly in Asia has been reduced and the fund that was under stress in the third quarter had no material changes, had no material changes this quarter. That was the first part of your question. I think, the second on transactional revenues. Those numbers have been subdued. Clients are cautious, whether that’s a floor or not is hard to tell given the volatility, but we think that those numbers hopefully have stabilized.
Michael Carrier: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Matt Burnell: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. First of all, maybe for you, Jon on page 3 of the supplement, you break out the regional revenues, looks like if we don’t adjust for DVA, the revenues are basically flat in the Americas up double-digit in EMEA and up high single-digit in Asia. How are you thinking about those – that revenue mix heading into 2016 given all your comments about some of the challenges emanating out of China and some of the growth challenges in Europe?
Jon Pruzan: I’m sorry, I’m just turning to page 3. Before getting that page in front of me, I think the results this quarter, we did see Asia was down, but it continues to be a strong and important part of our business. We did see weakness in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter in Europe given the concerns and uncertainty around Brexit and some of the immigration issues, we still think that Europe although showing some signs of growth in certain areas, is going to be a fragile economy and the drivers of our business will be the U.S. and Asia. In terms of the third – page 3, again, don’t have in front of me. Just this minute, but that you should also know is managed, the way we look at the business is on a managed basis, and so those revenues don’t necessarily tied back to the tax rate that I talked about earlier regarding the geographic mix of earnings.
Matt Burnell: Okay, thank you, and then a little closer to home, how are you thinking, it seems that you’re assuming that lending both in the corporate side of things, as well as Within Wealth Management is going to continue at what appears to be roughly similar growth rate as you saw this year. But I guess I’m curious how you’re thinking about what appears to be a greater level of regulatory scrutiny both in areas like leverage lending, but also in commercial real estate which seem – which where you’ve grown quite visibly over the last two years to three years as you’ve pushed on your bank growth program.
Jon Pruzan: So, Matt, I’m not sure, I wouldn’t agree with that statement, I think historically over the last couple of years, we’ve seen good growth in both the ISG lending product as well as the Wealth Management lending product and those have been the key drivers along with deploying our deposits away from securities into these loans. Those have been the key drivers of the NII growth historically. I think going forward I would tell you that the primary driver of the lending growth is going to be Wealth Management. The growth assumptions in the ISG part of the business are much lower than they had been over the last couple of years as we built those portfolios up. So the key driver is going to be Wealth Management area.
Matt Burnell: Okay. And then just ripping on that theme, James, you mentioned less than 2% of your Wealth Management clients have a mortgage with Morgan Stanley. What’s your target over the next two years to get that ratio to?
James Gorman: I don’t have a target here. We could break out sort of mathematically how it separates and get back to, but I don’t have a target off the top of my head. Obviously, it’s very low single-digit, it’s not – it’s not in the – about 10%. You can see the numbers on the chart which just show mathematically what the total residential lending is $21 billion, up from $16 billion. So I guess that would imply we did about 2.4%.
Matt Burnell: Okay, thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Devin Ryan: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in here. When we think about the 3% to 5% revenue growth with ROE target, yes, some items like NII should increase without the backdrop changing and hopefully will be above that. So on the other hand, investment banking has been operating at a high level as you highlighted, a choppy market could impact those businesses. So just thinking about, what type of investment banking revenues or environment during that 3% to 5% revenue growth, and sounds like you guys are a little more cautious on the near-term there. So is that fair? And then and how do you think about those businesses broadly relative to their cycle?
Jon Pruzan: Sure, I think first I’d highlighted that 2017 over the target I think. As you say the Wealth Management is being really driven by the lending growth and some of the other initiatives we have there. In terms of both equities and investment banking, listen, we think that we can continue to gain some share there. We have good shares in those businesses, but the backdrop is a constructive one, where the revenue pools are up modestly if we’re in a situation where revenue pools for these products decline precipitously, these are – that’s not just the backdrop that we set these assumptions. So a little bit of share gain and a little bit of revenue or pie growth.
Devin Ryan: Okay, great, helpful. And then just within the Wealth Management comp target that improvement to less than 56%, is that and entirely driven by leverage off of higher margin revenues like NII or are there other core comp expense reductions that they can occur within GWN, the GWN that we should be thinking about?
Jon Pruzan: Yes, I think it’s a mix. I mean, clearly more a non-compensable revenues is helpful for that target. But as we’ve said from a – for the totality of the firm, we are very focused on expenses and comp and there are some other levers that we can use here other than just the growing non-compensable line item.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Thank you very much.
James Gorman: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Chris Kotowski: Hi, yes, good morning. You’ve mentioned how much you’ve bought the fixed income RWAs down from $390 million to like $188 million at the end of last year and down to $136 million now. And I know you can’t comment about this year’s CCAR, but I guess, it just strikes me that given the huge progress you’ve made on bringing down the fixed RWAs, it doesn’t seem like the CCAR process got – was mitigated somehow. And I wonder if you can talk in a general way again not about this year’s submission, but to what extent is – are the adverse CCAR results driven by the fixed income businesses or is it throughout the business. And in a – if the CCAR process this year were static with last year, would the reduction in RWAs that we’ve seen this year have a positive impact on CCAR?
James Gorman: Well, I can take out and Jon may want to add something. CCAR is a function, there are five different ratios under the normal scenario and then the severely adverse scenario, where we had an issue to the extent we did was on the total leverage ratio which we addressed with the top preferred securities. So I think was – CCAR was submitted last November, December I think.
Jon Pruzan: January.
James Gorman: The cycle got moved down this year, an extra three months to April. So the world we’re in 15 months ago, our RWAs were significantly higher. They weren’t where we finished the year at. So it’s sort of an apples and oranges back then, we presented the firm as it was then. This April we’ll be presenting a different firm, although there are various cutoff dates when balance sheet are set and so on. So I don’t really want to get into and I know you didn’t ask for a specific prediction on CCAR, but all we can do is put ourselves in a position where it’s clear we have sufficient capital and any incremental changes we make to the business or any incremental earnings that we accrete by definition become excess capital, whether that flows on a dollar-for-dollar basis. Obviously, it’s something to be considered, when we submit our thing in here from our regulators.
Chris Kotowski: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Fiona Swaffield with RBC. Please go ahead.
Fiona Swaffield: Hi. Just had two areas. One was, you talked about funding benefits, I think it’s $0.4 at the beginning, tailwind from now funding cost. I just wondered if you could talk a bit more about how much that was for 2015 and also where we would see it because I didn’t notice the net interest income in IS was very strong in Q4. I didn’t know if that’s related, so if you could talk about that. And then the last area was really on Slide 16, on the deposit assumptions. I have thought that there was a big strategy to increase the deposits. I think I had a number in my head of $200 billion. Has that changed or is it that – just that you’re not putting that or you’re assuming there’s a length within your 2017 kind of roll forward? Thanks.
Jon Pruzan: Okay. so the – Fiona, the two parts of the question, I think on the funding question, there’s obviously a lot of components that go into those lines including the size of our balance sheet, secured versus unsecured. What we said, just to give you some – to try to cuff it we did about $21 billion of new unsecured last year and those came in at rates that were significantly below where the historical debt had been issued, our average maturity or WAM on our unsecured stack now is about six years. So, we were sort of retiring five year debt and putting on slightly longer, but we saw our credit spreads were easily 100 tighter than where they were before. That process went out through – that process went on throughout the year. We obviously didn’t refinance all of the debt on day one. So, we will continue to get the benefit from those funding savings as we annualize. And so that, I think addresses question number one. And question number two on the deposits, we will continue to grow our deposit base. I think what we would like to try to do this year and 2016, is try to optimize the deposits. We have different deposits that have different liquidity values. We think we can support the lending growth that we’ve highlighted in the strategy – excuse me, in the strategy deck without growing our deposit base, but clearly that is a goal, and in 2017 that will be requirement to support our future lending growth. We’ve talked about some of the digital strategy and cash management product that are – we’re growing out, and that will support – that will hopefully drive the deposit growth in 2017 and beyond.
Fiona Swaffield: Thanks. Can I just go back to the first thing, and what the explanation of net internet income in IS? Is quarter-on-quarter?
Jon Pruzan: I’m sorry…
Fiona Swaffield: Institutional Securities?
Jon Pruzan: Again, I’ll come back to you on that one, Fiona.
Fiona Swaffield: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. I’d like to turn the call back over for any closing remarks.
James Gorman: Now I think we have – this is probably our longest call. I’m glad we got everybody’s questions in and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of the first quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-08-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Faust - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Laurie Hylton - Chief Financial Officer Dan Cataldo - Treasurer
Analysts: Robert Lee - KBW Will Cuddy - JPMorgan Will Katz - CitiGroup Chris Shutler - William Blair Eric Berg - RBC Capital Markets Michael Carrier - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Michael Kim - Sandler O’Neill
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kelly and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Eaton Vance Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call and Webcast.  All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I’ll now turn the call over to Dan Cataldo, Treasurer. You many being your conference. 
Dan Cataldo: Great. Welcome to our 2015 fiscal third quarter earnings call and webcast. Here this morning are Tom Faust, Chairman and CEO of Eaton Vance, and Laurie Hylton, CFO of Eaton Vance Corp.  We will comment on the quarter and then we will take your questions. The full earnings release and charts we will refer to during the call are available on our website eatonvance.com under the heading Press Releases. Today’s presentation contains forward-looking statements about our business and financial results. The actual results may differ materially from those projected due to risks and uncertainties in our business, including but not limited to those discussed in our SEC filings. These filings, including our 2014 Annual Report and Form 10-K are available on our website or upon request at no charge. I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Faust : Good morning. July 31, marked the close of our fiscal 2015 third quarter. These three months were period of considerable turmoil around the financial world, whether focusing on China, Greece, Puerto Rico, Russia, Energy markets, commodity prices generally, currency movements or the federal reserve, there was no shortage of new information for the markets to absorb. Though it all U.S. stock and bond markets traded with moderate volatility and ended the period roughly where they began.  We finished the quarter with a record $312.6 billion of consolidated assets in our management had $3.9 billion of consolidated net inflows and made progress on advancing a number of important corporate initiatives. But this was not our best quarter from an earnings perspective. We reported adjusted-earnings per diluted share of $0.57 for the third quarter, down $0.01 from the preceding quarter and down $0.06 from the year ago quarter.  As noted in the press release, this quarter’s earnings per diluted share were reduced $0.04 by compensation of other costs in connection with closing our New Jersey based affiliate Fox Asset Management and other compensation costs attributable to our clustering of retirements, terminations and additions to staff during the quarter.  Adjusting for inter period differences in these cost items, third quarter earnings per diluted share were up 3% sequentially and down 6% year-over-year. The decline in earnings versus last year’s third quarter reflects a 3% drop in revenue and higher compensation and other expenses. Laurie will provide more detail on our financials, including fee trends by product category in her remarks shortly. Net flows of $3.9 billion in the quarter represented 5% annualized internal growth rate. The quarterly flow results include two large flows for our Seattle base subsidiary Parametric, one negative and one positive.  First as discussed on our second quarter call back in May, Parametric lost a $3.4 billion emerging market equity mandate with a Sovereign Wealth client and in July Parametric began managing a new $5.8 billion centralized portfolio management or CPM assignment for a multi-manager mutual fund platform.  The $6.4 billion of portfolio implementation, that inflows we are reporting for the quarter includes not only that assignment but also over $800 million of net new inflows into Parametric tax managed custom separate accounts, a product category that continues to be very strong demand in both retail and wealth management channels.  As a reminder tax managed core accounts seek to match the pretax return of the client specified benchmark and add incremental return on an after tax basis through systematic tax, while its harvesting and deferral gains.  For the fiscal year to-date net flows into Parametric's tax managed core totaled $3.4 billion. Parametric's customer exposure management business had net outflows of $800 million in the third quarter as rebalancing is away from existing clients more than offset new client inflows. Even with this decline our exposure management business in nearly doubled in size in the 31 months since we acquired at the end of 2012. New business momentum and CEM remains strong with 2016 now coming into view is likely to be another good year.  Within Eaton Vance management we realized $1 billion of net inflows, our strongest growth quarter of the past two years. EVM positive flow results were driven by fixed income with $2.2 billion of new flows. Within fixed income we had over $500 million of net flows into each of high yield, multi strategy and municipal bond ladders.  Driving the growth of multi-strategy fixed income is the Eaton Vance short duration strategic income fund. This five star rated fund competes in one of the largest Morningstar categories, short term bond and has over $290 billion of net assets -- which has over $290 billion of net assets and nearly $75 billion of annual sales. For the calendar quarter ended June 30 we moved up to become the fourth best selling fund in the category with a 5% of share of new sales for the period.  The three funds ahead of us in sales were all many times our current $3 billion size and none of them matches our performance. As a top performer in a larger and growing fund category, we continue to view short duration strategic income as an exceptional growth opportunity for Eaton Vance.  In floating rate income net outflows of $500 million in the quarter or a significant improvement from the $6.2 billion of cumulative net flows over the preceding four quarters. The trend of our floating rate for us is actually better than the quarterly numbers suggest, since it includes $200 million of outflows related to schedule whine downs of CLOs we manage and $400 million plus of outflows from third party sponsored funds for which we manage a bank loan sleeve. Excluding those our bank loan business expressed modestly positive flows for the quarter. We continue to believe that the loan asset class is poised to gain favor with investors as short term interest rates start to rise. The fundamentals of the asset class remain very solid and year-to-date performance has been strong, better than both investment grade bonds as reflected in the Barclays Aggregate Index and high yield as measured by the BAML high yield index. While I am not predicting a return to positive floating rate flows in the fourth quarter, I do expect to see continued improvement in investor sentiment towards the floating rate asset class given strong performance in growing anticipation of near term fed action. In alternatives, we saw $150 million of net outflows in the third fiscal quarter, driven by nearly $200 million of redemptions from Eaton Vance Commodity Strategy Fund. It made a very challenging environment for commodities investing, the sub-advised funds net assets have fallen to just a $100 million. For our global macro franchise we saw net inflows of $150 million in the quarter, both Global Macro Absolute Return Fund and particularly at sister Global Macro Absolute Return Advantage Fund that produced quite strong relative and absolute performance over recent periods. As of July 31, Global Macro Advantage Class-I is the second best performer of 352 funds in the Morningstar non-traditional bond category for a one year performance and a top best outperformer over three years. Global Macro-I is also a top performer within its category over the past year.  The broader uncertainty across the global markets plays into the strength of these funds, which historically have provided low volatility, high risk adjusted returns and low colorations to U.S. equity and fixed income asset performance. Like short duration strategic income, they compete in a large fund category and compare favorably to the sales leaders in the terms of performance. A catalyst for the emergence of our high performing global macro absolute return advantage fund as a sales leader in its category may be reaching a five year track record, which comes at the end of this month.  Looking at our entire suite of income and alternative offerings, we are fortunate to have a broad range of high performing strategies, many at the lower end of the duration spectrum. We have included a slide in the presentation highlighting the top performing low duration funds we offer. Given where we are today in the bond market, we believe investors are increasingly looking for ways to generate income in their portfolios without taking significant interest rate risks. Few fund companies are as well positioned to offer than as Eaton Vance.  In equities our flow challenge this quarter was to overcome the previously mentioned loss of a $3.4 billion Parametric emerging market equity mandate. Although we did not achieve positive flows for the quarter across equities overall, outside Parametric emerging markets we had net inflows of $500 million.  Equity performance remains a good story with the improving record of Eaton Vance management equity group particularly noteworthy. As of July 31, our large cap value fund Class-I was 125 basis points ahead of its Morningstar peer group average over the past year and also ahead of the category average over three and 10 years.  Although large cap value net flows were $200 million negative in the quarter, the asset we believe we have experienced here over the past four years is certainly showing signs of coming to an end. Favorable performance is driving a pick-up in sales for Eaton Vance Balance Fund and Eaton Vance Focus Growth Opportunities Fund, which we hope to build upon in coming quarters.  Our largest equity fund, Atlanta Capital SMID-Cap fund is having a terrific performance year as of July 31, its Class I shares were up over 12% year-to-date and it continues to rank as a performance leader in its category overall in time periods. In fact strong performance is widespread across our fund family. As of July 31 we offered 45 mutual funds with at least one share class having an overall Morningstar rating of four or five stars. This includes a diverse line of equity income alterative in multi asset strategies. As of July 31 71% of our fund assets were in funds beating their Morningstar peer group average over the past year.  Before turning the call over to Laurie, I would like to talk about two important strategic initiatives, the expansion of Eaton Vance Management Global Investment capabilities and the continued development of next year’s exchange traded managed fund.  You may recall that last quarter we announced that Christopher Dyer and Aidan Farrell will be joining our London office as Director of Global Equity and Global Small Cap Portfolio Manager, respectively. Both Chris and Aidan come from Goldman Sachs Asset Management and are now on the job at Eaton Vance, working with colleagues in Boston and soon to be in London and elsewhere to oversee the management of global and international equity portfolios. Although it’s still early days for this revamp and expanded team, I am confident this will prove to be an exceptional group of investors and the realization of a long term goal to make Eaton Vance management a relevant player in managing global equities. Although the costs in connection with this initiative were not insignificant, I am confident this will prove to be a highly worthwhile investment.  Turning to NextShares, the three months coinciding with our third fiscal quarter and the 19 days since have certainly been eventful. As a reminder NextShares are a new type of actively managed fund designed to provide better performance for investors. As exchange traded products NextShares will have built in cost and tax efficiencies, unlike conventional active ETFs NextShares will protect the confidentiality of fund trading information and provide buyer and sellers of shares with transparency and control of their trading costs.  Our NextShares business plan includes both introducing a family of Eaton Vance sponsored NextShares funds and licensing the underlying intellectual property in providing related services to other fund groups to enable them to offer NextShares. Since the beginning of May we have hit a number of milestones critical to the success of this initiative. In late June the SEC approved the listing and trading of 18 initial Eaton Vance NextShares funds on the NASDAQ exchange. With this approval, the only remaining regulatory step required for us to launch NextShares is clearing final disclosure language. On July 30 we filed with the SEC revised registration statements for each of the 18 funds.  Regarding licensees there are no 11 firms including Eaton Vance that have indicated there intent to offer NextShares funds by entering into preliminary agreement with Navigate and filing request for exemptive relief with the SEC. These 11 firms collectively manage approximately $500 billion in mutual fund assets and sponsor approximately 200 funds currently rated four of five stars by Morningstar. For the firms other than Eaton Vance the SEC has issued final exemptive applications permitting the offering of NextShares funds to five of them and give a notice of its intent to provide the request exceptive relief to the other five. Following the expedited filing and review process established for NextShares, the time from filing to notice of approval has averaged about a month.  We continue to be in active dialog with other fund companies. Just last week we signed a preliminary agreement with a major fund sponsor, which will become our largest to-date in terms of mutual fund assets. We expect them to file their SEC exceptive application within the next few weeks, at which time their identity will become public.  On the intermediary front you may have seen the press release issued yesterday by Envestnet Inc announcing their initiative to make NextShares available to financial advisors through their wealth management network. For those not familiar with Envestnet, they are a leading provider of unified wealth management technology and services to investment advisors, serving over 41,000 advisors, almost 3 million investor accounts and over $700 billion in total client assets.  They are an innovative high growth company whose mission is to help advisors deliver top quality investments services in the most cost and tax efficient way possible. It fits squarely with what NextShares seeks to provide. In many ways they are ideal partners for NextShares. Not only do they provide deep access to the rapidly growing ROA market, but their model based portfolio solutions cites that most, if not all of the implementation challenges of the NextShares. Adding NextShares to existing models and creating new NextShares based model doesn’t require educating investment advisors about how to buy NextShares or tweaking systems to accommodate advisor enter NextShares trades.  To the advisor using a model portfolio that includes NextShares funds is no different than how they use models today. Following this approach implementing NextShares on a platform can be quick, easy and inexpensive. Eaton Vance has not been asked or made commitments to provide financial support of the investment initiative announced yesterday.  While excited to be working with Envestnet, we are also engaged in discussions with other intermediaries to support the offering of NextShares and hope to be in a position for other announcements soon. In those discussions one new avenue we are pursuing is making the case that as at Envestnet adding NextShares to model portfolios can be a quick and easy way to introduce the product without meaningful system enhancements or advisor training. Increasingly model portfolios are essential to help all types of financial advisors serve their clients. NextShares can fit there extremely well.  In closing my remarks, I want to reiterate our target of launching the first NextShares funds by the end of this year. We are confident it will be ready by then and understand NASDAQ will also be ready. I do want to acknowledge however that other forces could push initial launch into early next year.  With that, I’ll now turn the call over to Laurie. 
Laurie Hylton: Thank you and good morning. As Tom mentioned, we are reporting adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.57 for the third quarter fiscal 2015 compared to $0.63 for the third quarter fiscal 2014 and $0.58 for the second quarter of fiscal 2015. Adjusted earnings for all quarterly periods presented was the same as reported GAAP earnings. As we noted in the release, costs associated with closing our Fox Asset Management, LLC subsidiary and other employee costs relating to retirement, terminations and new hires reduced earnings per diluted share by $0.04 and drove our operating margin down to 33% from 35% in the prior quarter. Employee costs relating to retirement, terminations and additions to staff reduced earnings per diluted share by $0.001 in the second quarter of fiscal 2015 and $0.02 in the third quarter of fiscal 2014. Third quarter total revenue decreased 3% year-over-year despite a 7% increase in average assets under management, primarily reflecting a decrease in our blended investment advisory and administrative fee rate and a decrease in assets subject to distribution and service fees.  Sequentially total revenue increased by 1% reflecting the 2% increase in average assets under management, an incremental $1.6 million in third quarter performance fee and an increase in fee days in the quarter, partially offset by a modest decrease in our effective investment advisory and administrative fee rate. Performance fees for the third quarter of fiscal 2015 totaled $1.7 million compared to a little over $900,000 at third quarter last year and essentially zero in the prior quarter. Going forward, our effective investment advisory and administrative fee rate will continue to be driven primarily by the mix of business among mandates with different fee levels, with swings in performance fees and the number of fee days in the quarter also contributing to short term variability. In the third quarter of fiscal 2015 we realized average effective management fee rates of 65 basis points in its equity, 63 basis points in alternatives, 54 basis points in floating rate income and 43 basis points in fixed income; modestly above the prior fiscal quarter in most categories due to this increase in fee days in the quarter. Portfolio implementation, which includes Parametric's tax managed core specialty index and centralized portfolio management services had an average effect of fee rate of 15 basis points in the quarter in the third quarter of fiscal 2015 compared to 17 basis points in the prior fiscal quarter, reflecting the impact of the large EPM win that funded in July. Parametric's exposure management business had an average effective fee rate of 5 basis points in the quarter, largely unchanged from the prior quarter. So long as exposure management, portfolio implementation and other low fee mandates continue to grow faster than the company as a whole, you can expect our overall average fee rate to continue trending downward. The key to achieving overall growth in management fee revenues in the face of declining average fee rates continues to be avoiding declines from the managed assets of our higher fee businesses. Shifting from revenue to expense, compensation expense increased 6% compared to the same quarter last year and 4% sequentially, reflecting headcount-driven increases in base compensation, employee benefits and stock based compensation, a modest increase in operating income based incentive accruals and incremental stock based compensation expense associated with retirements and terminations. Compensation expense as a percent of revenue increased to 35% for the quarter from 34% last quarter and 32% in the third quarter of last year. As I noted earlier, employee retirements, terminations and additions to staff to support growth initiatives collectively had a significant impact on the quarter, contributing approximately $5.8 million to compensation expense this quarter. Adjusting to remove these costs from the compared quarters, third quarter fiscal 2015 compensation expense would have increased 4% year-over-year, been flat in comparison with the prior quarter and would have equaled 33% of revenue. As we continue to build out our global equity team in London, add staff to support other initiatives and see more retirement, these costs won’t go away, but are not expected to recur at levels similar to what we experienced in the third quarter. Distribution related costs, including distribution and service fee expenses and the amortization of deferred sales commission decreased 11% in the third quarter of fiscal 2015 from the third quarter of fiscal 2014, primarily reflecting lower closed end fund related payments and reduced asset based intermediary marketing support payments. Distribution related expenses increased modestly on a sequential quarter basis, reflecting an increase in marketing and advertising spend related to our next year’s initiative. Fund related expenses were largely flat year-over-year and up 6% sequentially, primarily due to an increase in fund subsidies and other fund expenses, partially offset by a decrease in funds of advisory expenses. Other operating expenses were up 7% in the third quarter versus the same period a year ago and up 6% sequentially, primarily reflecting an increase in travel and certain professional services and other corporate expenses, including the acceleration of approximately $500,000 of amortization expense related to the closing of Fox.  Expenses related to our NextShares initiative totaled approximately $2 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2015 compared to $1.8 million last quarter and are expected to total approximately $8 million for fiscal 2015 as a whole. Net income and gains on seed capital investments had no impact on earnings in either the third quarter of fiscal 2015 or the prior sequential quarter, compared to a contribution of roughly $0.001 per share in the third quarter of fiscal 2014. When quantifying the impact of our seed capital investments on earnings each quarter, we take into consideration our pro rata share of the gains, losses and other investment income earned on investments and sponsor products, whether accounted for as consolidated funds, separate accounts or equity method investment, as well as the gains and losses recognized on derivatives used to hedge those investments. We then report the per share impact of the net non-controlling interest expense and income taxes. Changes in quarterly equity net income of affiliate, both year-over-year and sequentially reflect changes in net income and gains recognized on sponsored products accounted for into the equity method. Our 49% interest in Hexavest, which has reported net of tax and the amortization of intangibles and equity in net income of affiliates, contributed approximately $0.02 per diluted share for all quarterly periods presented. Excluding the effect of CLO entity earnings and losses, our effective tax rate for the third quarter of fiscal 2015 was 38.9%, 38.5% in the third quarter of fiscal 2014 and 38% in the second quarter of fiscal 2015. We currently anticipate that our effective tax rate adjusted for CLO earnings and losses will be just north of 38% for fiscal 2015 as a whole.  In terms of capital management, we repurchased 1.7 million shares of non-voting common stock for approximately $68.5 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2015. When combined with repurchases over the preceding three quarters, our average diluted share count for the first nine months of fiscal 2015 was down 3% from the same period in fiscal 2014. We finished the third fiscal quarter holding $433 million of cash and short-term debt securities and approximately $328 million in seed capital investment. Our outstanding debt consists of $250 million or 6.5% senior notes due in 2017 and $325 million or 3.625% senior notes due in 2023. We also have a $300 million five-year line of credit which is currently undrawn.  Given our strong cash flow, liquidity and overall financial condition, we believe we are well positioned to continue to return capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. This concludes our prepared comments. At this point, we’d like to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Robert Lee from KBW. Your line is open.
Robert Lee: Great and good morning everyone. Kathy, I just have on expenses, can you just clarify, I mean you talked about the $0.04 of potential, I don’t know if I’d call it non-recurring. I mean should we think of that as non-recurring or I think you kind of suggested that some of that could be carrying forward. I’m just trying to get a better feel for kind of the run rate of the comp.
Laurie Hylton: Yes, I think we quantified it as a $5.8 million contribution to compensation expense this quarter and really what we’re talking about are very specific quarterly impacts that are not necessarily recurring, but that will – if you got severance for example, you would anticipate that you won’t have the same level of severance next quarter, but you’ll likely have severance next quarter or signing bonus. So we’re trying to sort of isolate the things that were sort of a deviation from what we would consider to be our run rate compensation and that’s what we quantified in the $5.8 million this quarter and that really was breaking down into one-time events related to closing Fox and then certain employee retirements and termination that were very specific to this quarter.
Robert Lee: Okay, great, thank. And then Tom, I don’t know – I mean, obviously the portfolio implementation has been very strong. You cited some things with Parametric, but can you maybe update us on if you look across the business, kind of the institutional RFP activity, kind of maybe pipeline, kind of any color around where that stands and maybe drill down a little bit, particularly outside of the Parametric business, the progress you may or may not be seeing.
Tom Faust: Yes, so institutional just maybe to step back, our key strategies that we offer institutionally, Parametric aside from their service and implementation oriented businesses, their primary strategy that they sell institutionally is emerging market equities. On the Eaton Vance side the primary strategies that we focus on currently include high yield bank loans, certain other flavors of equities, certain other flavors of fixed income in certain markets and also Hexavest as being a primary focus of ours on the equity side. I would say a few of things are not particularly working well at the moment, starting with Parametric emerging market equities. I think you’re probably aware of the challenges that asset class has faced in terms of performance, so it’s just institutions. Sophisticated though they may be, don’t always allocate new assets to underperforming asset classes, which is where emerging market is at the moment, including lots of headlines about China.  We have in that strategy also suffered from a bit of under performance over second half of last year and the first part of this year. That has largely turned around, the key driver of that performance was an underweighting to China. The way that portfolio was built, we systematically underweight large market exposures in the interest of greater diversification and that really hurt us during that time period, but of course as the Chinese market has turned over, that’s now working to our favor. On the Eaton Vance side, high yield is certainly an area where we funded a large institutional mandate during the quarter and where the pipeline and activity level is quite robust. I would say on bank loans we are still in this market environment where we kind of scratch our heads that we had net positive flows for us in normal institutional business, but we had a pretty significant allocation that I highlighted out of a sub advisory account that pulled the overall numbers down.  So long term mix. Our case there that we’re making is that bank loans should be a core asset class and that they have diversification, benefits and returned characteristics that should make them a core holding and we’ve had some success with that, but that’s a long term build. I would say other areas, Hexavest, Hexavest is a top down oriented goal equity manager that has been bearish on the markets generally, that’s been their investment point of view. Bearish has meant that they’ve struggled to keep up with the markets, so last year they did outperform. They are just about equal to the markets currently based on the strong last couple of months as they’ve experienced stronger relative performance, but it’s been hard for them to really build a compelling performance track record, because they hold high cash levels at the moment consistent with their bearish views.  I would say similarly we’re a little out of favor in terms of our multi sector income strategy run by Kathleen Gaffney. Great performance out of the box. She has been aggressive and has underperformed less aggressive managers for most of this year. We’ll see how that resolves itself, but we’re getting close to the point where she has a three year track record, which over the time of her experience here she’s really had in total exceptional performance, though this year is not in particular good.  So to summarize I would say it’s okay. We don’t have a compelling pipeline, but we don’t have a bear pipeline either and we don’t certainly have visibility to significant institutional net outflows. 
Robert Lee: Great. And then maybe just one more question or a pair of questions on to our NextShares. First, assuming when you are ready to launch the Europe product, Euro advance NextShares products, do you anticipate that you’ll have some other firms ready to go kind of at right the same time and then what are your current expectations around seed capital and need for those funds. Do you think it’s going to be mainly reallocating existing seed or are we likely to see some increased use of cash or debt. I’m just trying to get a kind of update on your thoughts around that.
Tom Faust: Yes, first on the product introduction, our plan has been and continues to be to launch as part of a consortium of sponsors. We highlighted these companies – they are on our website that have filed. I mentioned them in my remarks, but there are 11 sponsors. I would say eight relatively large fund sponsors included in that group.  We’re putting together what we’re calling a consortium of sponsors. We have an initial meeting of that consortium that’s been scheduled for next month and our goal would be to launch products in conjunction with other companies. Unfortunately we don’t control the timing of what they do, so we don’t have complete control over that, but it’s our understanding that that’s what everyone wants to do and it will come to market together and everyone sees the benefit of doing that. I would say for Envestnet and how they see NextShares fitting into what they are doing, what they want to do, there’s two primary things; one is potentially introducing NextShares funds as a complement to an existing multi manager strategy, so that could be alongside of the mutual funds or with ETFs, but it could be all active, it could be all passive or it could be into a formerly all passive strategy. But we can blend and that doesn’t necessarily require a consortium to be available, but they would also like to offer a range of NextShares only strategies and most likely they would not want that to come from any single advisor. So that needs to be offered in conjunction with a consortium of funds, introducing NextShares. In terms of seed capital, I would say that’s not something that we have a definitive answer to. I think as you know the general primary requirement for seed capital and the mutual fund has been requirements that have been imposed by broker dealers to say if you want to be offered on our platform, you have to have some level of either track record of assets in the strategy. We have not gotten to the point in our discussions with major broker dealers where that’s been fully decided. It’s certainly one of the things that’s important to us, is to make the case that if it’s an existing proven strategy, there shouldn’t be a requirement for that to be worth their attention that it have a certain amount of seed capital. I get for a new strategy that doesn’t have a track record why that same logic would apply, but we would certainly make the case that we shouldn’t need to put $25 million or $50 million into a fund just because that’s an internal requirement. That would be something that we would expect to be part of a negotiation in terms of gaining access for NextShares on our particular dealers platform. From an exchange perspective the requirement is much, much lower than that. I don’t know the specific number; maybe its $1 million or a couple of million dollars, something like that, but the primary broker dealer requirement, we would hope and expect that it wouldn’t be the same as a brand in your mutual fund offering.
Robert Lee: Great, I appreciate you taking my questions. Thank you.
Tom Faust: Yes, thanks Rob.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Will Cuddy: Good morning. This is Will Cuddy filling in for Ken today. Thanks for taking our questions. So just some thoughts; Precidian file who refilled their application last week, what do you guys think of that new filed application? I guess there are some concerns raised in people.
Tom Faust: Well, I guess I’ll start by saying some people thought I spent too much time on this topic a couple of weeks ago, so I’m not going to go into a whole lot of detail, but there are a couple of things I would assert.  First, since 2001 when the SEC put out what they call a concept release on actively managed ETFs, the possibility of this, their primary focus has been on how well will these trade? Will they trade at tight bid ask spreads and they are all premium discounts and particularly how they will trade during periods of market stress and volatility.  As I look at the Precidian filing, this version actually moves a step away from that and that it takes away information that would have been provided in the last iteration. So I guess why you could say that they made progress in addressing certain issues. To my thinking they possibly have moved away in the other thing.  I continue to believe and I’m not going to decide this, we’re not going to decide this, the SEC is going to decide this, but it remains my view that all of these various proposals and there are a couple of other ones in addition to the preceding ones, all of them are likely to face an uphill challenge.  The SEC is trying to look for evidence that these things will trade consistently well and it’s hard to see that in the historical record of existing ETF and particularly existing active ETFs and knowing and understanding that these will trade less well, because they provide market markers with less information. I think it’s going to be very hard for the SEC to get comfortable here, but again, I’m not in a position to decide this. This is just one persons opinion.  And the other thing I would say and I think people sometimes lose sight of this, is that the specific Precidian proposal applies only to funds whose holdings consist entirely of two things, U.S. listed securities and cash and if you look that market for actively managed mutual funds today, that’s about 3% of the fund market.  In other words 97% of active mutual funds hold something other than U.S. listed stocks and cash and its possible that they could address a larger market than that over time, but their specific filing as its in and this is the new version as in the old version is just U.S. equity funds and just U.S. equity funds that do not have any holdings outside the United States and any holdings other than cash and that’s a very, very small potential market. So that’s my view and I’m sticking to it, but we don’t get to decide.
Will Cuddy: Okay, thank you for the view.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Will Katz from CitiGroup. Your line is open.
Will Katz: Okay, thanks very much for taking my question just now. To just come back to maybe comp and margins on a go forward basis, could you frame out where you might be in terms of the European build out. It seems like you’re in your earlier days for sure. Can you quantify maybe how much more incremental spend there might be and then how long it might take to get to scale. I guess the question is, when could you start to anticipate some kind of flows on the back of the investment spend?
Tom Faust: Let me maybe talk about the scale. So scale in terms of spend that is having the team built out, we really expect that to happen probably in the current quarter or certainly by the end of the year. We’ve hired some more people that have not been announced in terms of who they are, although that will be expected shortly. There are a couple of more open positions that we’re likely to fill over time, but this is a major initiative for us. This is a multi-million dollar expense item that we thought was necessary and appropriate to expand our footprint as an equity manager to include a full-fledged robust global equity offering.  Some of those expenses are of an ongoing nature, but some of them also are of a one-time nature and the two leaders of that team were onboarded in the current quarter. So any compensation we paid them of a one-time nature in terms of signing bonuses or the initial recognition of the value of an equity grant, those all hit in the current quarter. On a run rate basis those costs are going to go down.  Now over time we’re going to have some new people that are going to come on, but the way we tried to frame the discussion of this topic is that we think that over coming quarters generally this category is going to go down. It won’t go to zero, we got new people we’re going to be hiring in the next quarter and maybe some more in the quarter after that, but you should expect to see substantially less than $0.04 a share of spending related to this and related topics; and remember the $0.04 was not just this. It was also the closing of Fox Asset Management, which is a business that we’ve been supporting.  We acquired Fox in 2001. They haven’t made money in quite some number of years and this over time, the money we spent to shut down that operation in the current quarter will help our earnings going forward, because they were just as not as an economic scale business. Now you are correct that the business we’re creating in London is not at the moment generating incremental revenues equal to the incremental expenses. Sadly that’s not the way our business works. We do think however that we are in a position to start winning new clients relatively soon. The people that run that team, Chris Dyer and Aiden Farrell are well known in the marketplace. Particularly Aiden is a recognized player in the global small cap world and that’s an area where there has been generally strong demand for active management and also an area where due to capacity constraints on existing established market leaders, often there is an appetite for new managers.  But this is a – I mean I think your right to focus on this. This is an expense item that is not going to go away. The one-time cost will go away, but the cost to support that team. But as we look at it we look at the potential to bring in potentially over time multiple billion dollars of actively managed assets that doesn’t exist today. But we look at the breakeven assets we need to support this team and we see this is a highly probable win for us, not guaranteed but highly probably to be a win for us.  Just looking at putting the pencil to paper in terms of what does it cost to support this team and what would it require in terms of incremental assets raised for this to be a positive. That’s not the only reason we are doing it, but certainly making money is a key objective in terms of that initiative.
Will Katz: Okay, that’s helpful color. And then just a follow-up question on NextShares, and thanks for the extra color and congratulations on the Envestnet win; it’s very interesting. Could you talk a little bit about that win in particular and just trying to reconcile like your conversation with, I know your comments are proceeding with the uphill battle, which I appreciate and negotiations with the broker dealers maybe do, maybe don’t have to put some seed capital up against kind of from the track record.  From their perspective have they provided and how quickly they think they would push the NextShares portfolio and maybe some of the consortium of funds through their system. What kind of track record might they need, that’s sort of part one and the second part is as you mentioned, you’ve had some more negotiations with other broker dealers or other distributors. Could you maybe give a broad profile of the type you are interfacing with, where your most advanced on. Is it another sort of online player or is it more of a traditionally managed broker dealer that maybe we’ll think about like a Merrill Lynch or Morgan Stanley. Thank you. 
Tom Faust: So just to clarify Bill, on your timing question, was that specific to Envestnet or was that more generally? 
Will Katz: I wouldn’t say Envestnet, obviously you got that one. So it appears how fast you think that you might get some uptick from that platform.
Tom Faust: As I understand and I’ve been involved in some dissuasions with them, but not all, implementing new strategies on their models is a relatively straight forward process. I mean many of those models are overseen and built by their own in-house teams, there is a vetting process for that. But we are not talking about bringing out NextShares funds that are normal strategies.  We are talking about bringing out NextShares funds that effectively replicates the investment track record of – replicate the strategy of an existing mutual fund run by the same team, holding the same assets where it is a very small leap to say that if that same strategy can be offered in a lower cost structure and one that has potential tax advantages that they shouldn’t be ready to adopt that.  But is I think consistent with the spirit of what was announced yesterday, that they are not going to take a wait and see attitude for us to see how these things perform. Buying any new strategy involves a bit of a leap of faith, but that leap of faith here I would argue is extremely small and that we are dealing with proven managers, proven strategies with proven track records in a structure that where I think most people would say that the potential benefits in terms of performance, lower costs, etc. are quite clear and doesn’t, wouldn’t be too hard for people to get comfortable with.  So we don’t have specific time commitments that I’m aware of on the part of Envestnet. We don’t have product approved yet, other companies don’t have products approved yet. But everything from my understanding of what they’ve said is that when these products are available that they will look to add them to their portfolios and when that proves to be ultimately will drive the timing of their implementation, that’s my understanding.  In terms of the types of intermediaries that we are talking too, I want to be careful there, because we are in discussion I said a couple of weeks ago, that we don’t want to compromise some discussion that may be sensitive points. I guess I’ll say advisors serving all market categories, we do not see the potential appeal of NextShares as limited to a particular distribution channel. For example, only registered investment advisor, or only independent advisors, or only broker dealers.  Our business is quite broad based. We have good distribution arrangements across all types of firms; warehouses, independent, banks registered investment advisors, and we are having discussions involving NextShares with all of them and I would say on an overall basis something like 75% of our mutual fund sales is in Class-I shares were there is no 12B fee paid, no front end load, no back end load and for that business it is a fairly straight forward transition from that to NextShares in terms of the business economics.  So I think I guess I would count to you to think about NextShares fitting in everywhere that Class-I mutual funds fit in, in terms of distribution economics and that’s almost the entire advisory channel, both advisory within broker dealers and advisory within independent advisors. All of those customers are primary using I Class mutual funds. Here we are offering something that has very similar economics, but potentially better performance in characteristics for investors. 
Will Katz: Okay, thank you Tom.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Chris Shutler from William Blair. Your line is open.
Chris Shutler: Hey guys, good morning. First of the NextShares initiative, do you think that you will be profitable by the end of ’16 in that or is it just too early to say. 
Tom Faust: Well, I would say unlikely. This is a long term initiative. Thinking about it you’d have to kind of – the math isn’t very hard. We’ve talked about what our spending is. I think we’ve also talked about what our fee rates would be. A little math and you can come up with what our average assets would have to be in 2016 to cover that spend. Maybe we’ll get there, but we are not doing this because we expect to make a lot of money in 2016. We are doing this because we think this is a better product for investors and we think overtime that all the various slings and arrows that we’ve taken along the way ought to be at some point rewarded to Eaton Vance shareholders for having done this. 
Chris Shutler: Yes, totally understand. And then on the Envestnet deal Tom, clearly as an effort it seems like on their part to bring down cost for advisors and then investors. But just curious, is there any other way that Envestnet benefits from offering NextShares relative to mutual funds? 
Tom Faust: I’m not sure what you are getting it. 
Chris Shutler: No, I just didn’t know if there is any kind of additional cost or revenue opportunity for them associated with that. I didn’t think so, but I just want to make sure. 
Tom Faust: Yes, I think their business model is a pretty straightforward, transparent business model in which they charge fees for services to their customers and that one of the things they try and offer to those customers in exchange for those fees is access to the best products. And how they grow and how they compete is by offering a – I’d say a relatively unconflicted, if not completely unconflicted set of tools and advise on making advisors better in what they are trying to offer their clients and offering NextShares which has we think compelling cost and tax advantages. It fits very well with how they business. I don’t think it’s more complicated than that.
Chris Shutler: Okay, thanks a lot. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Berg from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. 
Eric Berg: Thanks very much. One housekeeping question and one question related to NextShares. My first question relates to your flows. When you recorded $8.4 billion of gross outflows, just outflows in your equity area, does that include or exclude the loss of the sovereign business from Parametric. 
Dan Cataldo: It includes it Eric. 
Eric Berg: So the loss of the Parametric business that you referenced in your prepared remarks would be included in the equity asset outsource?
Tom Faust: That’s right, it’s all during the month of when was that May I think. 
Dan Cataldo: Right in the middle of May, so 
Tom Faust: Yes, so it was in there.
Eric Berg: Good. Here is a broader question about NextShares. I’m hoping Tom you can build out on, expand on your comments that model based investing, if you could maybe sort of explain it for those people who I have a sense, but I think would helpful if you could explain what you mean by model based investing which has become so popular in this country and what is it about the model based investing at anything that has done by Envestnet affiliated advisors. Why would it be any different from model based investing at Merrill Lynch?  So sort of a two part question. What do you mean by model based investing and what is it about NextShares that make it easier to integrate NextShares into model based investing versus any other form of investing. Thank you.
Tom Faust: Okay, let me see if I can explain this. So think about a financial advisors, traditional way you build portfolios, you’ve got advisors sits across from Mr. and Mrs. Jones and they discuss what stocks or bonds or mutual funds or ETS or NextShares funds they are going to put in their portfolio and based on that discussion maybe with some ongoing consultation over time, an advisor will build and manage our portfolio for Mr. and Mrs. Jones that may have some of those and its essentially built on a one-off basis and maintained for Mr. and Mrs. Jones where the advisor is putting in one by one orders to buy individual securities and to sell offsetting amounts of individual securities, so we’ll call that the traditional model, I mean the traditional approach, so that we don’t confuse, sorry, so that’s the traditional approach.  A model based approach would be to say – think about a financial advisor that doesn’t have one customer that he or she is serving, but has a menu of customers. And for the interest of efficiency and risk control we’ll put those different customers into different categories, where depending on where Mr. and Mrs. Jones fall relative to Mr. and Mrs. Smith, they might have different risk profiles.  But rather than just simply doing this on – I’ll assume the advisor is a he for this purpose, but rather than that advisor just on his own building and maintaining these multiple portfolios for multiple clients in a world where efficiency is increasingly demanded, there has developed what are called model based approaches to portfolio construction and management, where building on this application or building on this example, an advisor would potentially put the Smith’s in one category, the Jones in another category and would either setup models that he himself would run, saying I’m going to put this groups of clients in this model and this group of clients in this other model or perhaps the advisor says, you know what, I might be better off letting someone else who does this fulltime for a living figure out what sort of asset allocation is appropriate for clients of a different risk profile and what particular managers and strategies and structures I should own in that.  So models can be constructed and managed either by an individual advisor or by a team of advisors or by a firm or by a third party expert and there are all kinds of different model construction and oversight methodologies that are in wide practice today and it apples absolutely to all types of advisors, not just independent advisors, not just ROAs, not just warehouse advisors, but really across the board. This is a very common way for financial advisors to serve their clients and its certainly growing more popular because of the obvious efficiency advantages that it offers over a one by one every trade one at time kind of approach.  In terms of the relevance of this to NextShares and the ease of implementation of NextShares, what’s different about NextShares versus a traditional ETF, if we’ll use that as a benchmark is really only one thing, which is that when you buy NextShares fund, the price of that trade is not set until the end of the day and that involves perhaps of system changes, what a limited order means in that context, there is something slightly different, and there is a terminology that goes with that in terms of putting in orders and handling of orders. So if advisor were to work individually with the Jones’s and the Smith putting in those orders, that advisor would have to be educated on the subtle distinctions that exist between how you enter an order for NextShares versus an order for an ETF and also the systems that are built to accommodate advisor would also have to some safeguards to make it difficult for the advisory to make mistakes.  Imagine a world though where advisor doesn’t enter orders. Imagine a world in which advisor says I’m going to put these models together and I’m going to turn over the implementation of that to some central group and that’s really when investment would come in which is to say that they both build and manage and maintain models where effectively the trade order entry in the case of their particular models is done by a small team where they do only that.  So that any training or any systems modifications that have to be done to accommodate NextShares is done versus to serve a very small group of implementers two, three, four, five people as opposed to 41,000 people if we where to make this available to all the customers that Envestnet serves. So it’s much, much, much easier. Much similar to say financial advisor, you are still involved in asset allocation and asset allocation, you are still involved in securities, and manager selection.  But in terms of the specific implementation, through a model that’s done by somebody else who focuses is on that as their job and that the beauty of this is that all the complexity of buying and selling NextShares, and I don’t want to emphasize that. It’s not huge, this is not inter amountable. I could I think teach anyone how to do this inside of five minutes. But all that goes away if you have a centrally implemented approach like models do and it is not just in Envestnet. It is pervasive across the industry. 
Eric Berg: Really clear and really helpful. Thank you very much. 
Tom Faust: All right, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. 
Michael Carrier: Thanks. Laurie just a question on expenses. So you gave the color around comp, just on the other expenses it seems like it was a bit elevated. I think you mentioned, somewhat with the acceleration, the amortization related to Fox and then maybe a little bit of an uptick in next year, but I just wanted to get some outlook there.  And then when you think about the fee, like the mixed shift trend, when you think about some of these investments that are taking place right now. Where do you think the margin can kind of settle into maybe over the next year versus longer term obviously as you scale that international business, you can see some improvement. 
Laurie Hylton: Yes in terms of expenses outside of comp, I think that they were somewhat limited in terms of unusual events this quarter. I think to your point earlier we have roughly 500,000 in accelerated amortization associated with effectively closing down Fox. Outside of that we had some legal costs associated with our global initiatives and some incremental marketing associated with NextShares, which was already built into the 1 million estimate that we had give for the year, so not a lot of noise in terms of our other operating expenses.  Given the environment that we are in right now and recognizing that we’ve got these significant growth initiatives and the markets been a little bit small to us and has taken away some revenue that we would certainly liked to keep, I am not going to attempt to forecast what margins going to look like next quarter. I will tell you that we are now going to out budgeting cycle and our initial review cycle and that we are doing everything we can to really, very carefully mange our expenses.  We are mindful the impact of these initiatives have on our margin, we are mindful of the fact that this is a difficult time to be making these investments but we are also – we feel very strongly that this is the time for us to do it, to position ourselves for the further. So I wish I had a crystal ball and could tell you exactly where the margin was going. I will tell you that we are being very, very careful about spend. Maintain it in the range that we are in but I cent tell you what it’s going to look like for next year.
Tom Faust: Okay, all right. I guess I was going to say that we have two major initiatives in NextShares and this Global expansion that are both multi-million expenses that annually, that we have taken on that have the effect of lower our earnings, lowering our margins today. But these are both investments that we think have huge potential, different types, but both investments of a similar scale that have the potential to have enormous payoff over time. So there is a short term pain with a potential, certainly for a long term gain in terms of our business. But you had another question Michael.
Michael Carrier: Yes, okay that makes sense. And then just a quick one just on NextShares, so on the asset management side you celery make some good progress and then on the distribution side teams like yours, you’re starting to gain some traction. When you think of the distribution platforms and in your conversations, like what is maybe the – I don’t want to say delay, because there was no real expectation of when you would get them onboard.  But when you think about like the pushback, like technology investment that the platforms have to make, is it the liquidity of the funds, is it just the meetings that have to take place and they have to make the decision which doesn’t happen overnight. Just trying to get a sense of like how you see that progressing and what are some of the push backs that you’re getting from the distribution process.
Tom Faust: I guess I would say the main – I think you hit upon what I would consider the key issues. Probably the biggest is focus, priorities, you got the department of labor out there with the fiduciary, a standard initiative. Where does this fit?  The top part about this is that it affects – if a broker dealer imagines this becoming meaningfully successful, it doesn’t affect just one little part of their business. It’s embracing next year’s – potentially could be a pretty big deal decision for a broker dealer or anyone else providing intermediary services and that how it fits into their revenue model, what new revenues it would offer, what revenues might go away, it’s fairly central to their business. It’s not terribly complicated. You can easily identify sort of the pros and cons. All of these firms recognize that they exist to serve clients and that we get zero push back on the idea that this is a better product for clients than the alternatives of a mutual fund and in a very broad range applications, but it’s really kind of getting people that are at a level of seniority in the organization that have a broad enough per view that they can see and think about how this impacts their business, getting them to focus on this, that’s really the challenge for us.  We don’t get pushed back at senior levels that people that say, this is bad for our customers or this is bad for our business to a person. They say that this is interesting to a person; they say this is disruptive, but its working this through a process and some of this is maybe reluctance to be first.  We’re grateful to our friends at Envestnet for stepping up and willing to be first. We believe that as we make progress here, making further progress gets easier and easier and so we’re working at it and we share the frustration of those that want to get this done tomorrow. I’m certainly in that camp, but we have to work a process and have to be respectful that we’re not the only thing that these firms have to think about.  These are generally large complex organizations and these are fairly interesting times where there are some major shifts going on in the offering and distribution of investment products, principally the shift that’s ongoing from active mutual funds to ETFs. Every broker dealer that offers, that serves retail investors and offers funds is experiencing that. How does this fit into this? Does it help them or hurt them to introduce NextShares? I don’t think there’s a lot of debate about that, but what priorities should that get versus other possible initiatives that they might have.
Michael Carrier: Okay, that’s helpful. Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Kim from Sandler O’Neill. Your line is open.
Michael Kim: Hey guys, good afternoon. So first, once some of these broker deals have sort of the infrastructure in place and are able to start trading the ETMF. Just based on your current roster of third party managers that have signed up to launch the funds, just curious to get your expectations for related AUM growth in the first one to three years.
Tom Faust: Yes, we don’t – I mean, so there are a lot of unknowns here, right. You’re going to have to I think build your own model in terms of timing. I think we can give a lot of guidance on how big the market is, we can give a lot of guidance on what revenue and cost expectations might be, revenue in terms of fee rates, but the big question in this and the big modeling question is what’s the uptick? When does it happen? How big is it?  I can make a case where this should be a very rapid conversion. If you look at what happened with passive investing, it took 20 years for ETF to get a 50% share of the passive business, but that was an environment where for the first eight or ten of those years there was extremely limited product offerings. The first half dozens of those years was essentially one or two funds available.  As I see it, given the historical pattern of acceptance of ETFs, the fact that people know what an ETF is, also the fact that there will be many, many fund companies out there talking about this, the fact that from the get go its approved for all asset classes. If this takes off, that’s a big if; it should not take 20 years to get to a 50% market share.  So I don’t have a great answer for you in terms of what AUM will be at the end of 2016 or 2017. I think if this takes off, it can take off relatively quickly, but we’re not going to be where we hope to be by the end of 2016 or 2017. There’s a lot of advisor education. There’s a lot of money that’s in strategies and products that will have to migrate to this. Everyone can believe this is a better mouse trap, but still that doesn’t mean the assets will all move overnight. So sorry I can’t help with the modeling questions.
Michael Kim: No, I appreciate the color. And then just on the equity side of the business, just wondering if you could talk about sort of the dynamic between adverse demand trends across the industry, particularly as it relates to actively managed domestic strategies versus improving investment performance, track records as you look across your platform and maybe the opportunity to gain some market share.
Tom Faust: Yes, I guess I would say and I’m not particularly proud of this, but at the moment we don’t have a whole lot to lose in terms of traditional active assets invested in U.S. equities. We had a one-time, a quite large cap value franchise that is – I think it’s around the $8 billion today versus a peak of something like $34 billion. I would assume that to some degree the continued outflows we’re seeing despite a pretty good performance record has to do with that broader trend from active to passive. So to some degree we’re being hurt by that. It’s harder to sell active strategies today than it was two or five or eight years ago, because I think there’s a greater attitude of skepticism about the ability of active managers to sustain outperformers than would have been there prior to the long career now we’ve had with our performance generally for passive over equity and large cap US equity. So I guess I see us, for our business where we sit today, the balance is far more to the opportunity side in large cap U.S. equities than it is to the risk side. We have a balanced fund. It has a five star rating for all time periods. It’s a top – I believe top deciles performer, certainly a top quintile performer year-to-date one, three, five and ten. It’s an enormous category. Balanced funds don’t go there every month, but there’s a large audience of potential investors for that fund.  We can have a much bigger balanced fund than we did today in the $300 million range. There’s no reason that even with the adverse trends in our business that that fund couldn’t be some multiple of its currents size relatively quickly, just by taking share from other managers.  Our focused growth opportunity fund, also a strong performer, still relatively early in the slide. I think we hit our five year anniversary sometime in the next year I think, but it’s got very strong performance, focus strategies appeal as a good application of active management, but our industry generally faces – I feel like a pretty huge threat. When I say our industry I really mean active managers in this case from passive.  But the threat to Eaton Vance is relatively small, because that threat is greatest in large cap U.S. equity and that is today a pretty small part of our business. When I say that I‘m excluding specialty products like host and funds and exchange funds where we don’t place the normal type of competition like we saw in large cap value for example.
Michael Kim: Got it, okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I’ll turn the call back over to Mr. Cataldo.
Dan Cataldo: Great. Thank you for joining us this morning and afternoon and we hope you enjoy the remaining days of summer and we look forward to reporting back to you this fall. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-05-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Cataldo - Investor Relations Tom Faust - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer  Laurie Hylton - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Andrew Nicholas - William Blair Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Ryan Bailey - Citi Robert Lee - KBW Kenneth Lee - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Shannon and I will be your conference moderator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Eaton Vance Corporation Second Quarter Earnings Call and Webcast. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Cataldo, Treasurer. Mr. Cataldo, you may begin.
Dan Cataldo: Thank you and welcome to our second quarter 2015 earnings call and webcast. Here this morning are Tom Faust, Chairman and CEO of Eaton Vance, and Laurie Hylton, our CFO. We will first comment on the quarter and then we will take your questions. The full earnings release and charts we will refer to during the call are available on our website, eatonvance.com under the heading, Press Releases. Today’s presentation contains forward-looking statements about our business and financial results. The actual results may differ materially from those projected due to risks and uncertainties in our business including, but not limited to those discussed in our SEC filings. These filings, including our 2014 Annual Report and Form 10-K are available on our website on request at no charge. I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Faust: Good morning and thank you for joining us. April 30 marked the close of our second fiscal quarter and the midpoint of our fiscal 2015. We finished the quarter with record assets under management, had one of our strongest quarters of net flows in company history and made progress advancing our NextShares, actively managed exchange traded product initiative toward market introduction. We reported adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.58 for the second quarter, down $0.03 from the preceding quarter and down $0.01 from the year ago quarter. Because our second fiscal quarter has three fewer days than the other fiscal quarters, we experienced a seasonal decline in revenue and earnings every second quarter. Relative to the first quarter of fiscal 2015, we estimate that the day count effect lowered earnings by about $0.025 per diluted share, accounting for most of the sequential earnings decline. Also contributing to sequentially lower earnings was a decline of about $0.01 per diluted share in net income and gains on our seed capital portfolio. On a year-over-year comparative basis, the penny drop in adjusted earnings per diluted share was more than accounted for by lower performance fees received and a decline in net investment income and gains on our seed capital portfolio. Flat management fee revenues year-over-year reflect a 7% increase in average consolidated assets under management and an offsetting decline in average fee rates. As our AUM growth has been led by lower fee products. Laurie will provide more detail on the company's fee rates by product in her remarks shortly. Net flows of $6.8 billion in the second quarter are the third highest quarterly flow results in company history and represent a 9% annualized internal growth rate. As in most recent quarters, Parametric Exposure Management business led the way with $4.3 billion of second quarter net inflows. Assets in this franchise now total $62 billion, up from $32 billion at the time Parametric acquired Clifton Group at the end of 2012. Yes. This is low fee business, and yes, its growth has caused our average effective fee rate to go down, but this is good business for us. Not only is Exposure Management nicely profitable, but its growth has been built on establishing relationships of trust with many of the largest institutional investors in the United States, these institutions use Parametric as extensions of their internal staff to implement portfolio overlays to address cash drag, manage duration and currency exposures and to enhance overall portfolio efficiency. We not only foresee continued strong growth for Parametric and Exposure Management, but also view this as a gateway to broader relationships with these important institutions. Excluding Exposure Management, net flows in the second quarter were $2.4 billion. That is our best consolidated for results outside of Exposure Management since the third quarter of fiscal 2013, equating to a 4% annualized organic growth rate. Among investment categories, fixed income led the way with $2.6 billion in net inflows. Within fixed income, leading contributors to organic growth included institutional cash management, ladder municipal bonds, multi-strategy income and high-yield bonds, each of which contributed over $400 million to quarterly inflows. Within multi-strategy income, worth highlighting was the strong growth of our short duration strategic income fund, which saw net inflows of $0.5 billion in the second quarter versus net inflows of $130 million in the first quarter. Short duration strategic income is the five-star rated $2.5 billion mutual fund, whose Class A shares currently ranked in the top-5% of peer funds in the Morningstar short-term bond category for the year-to-date and over the past one, three, five and 10 years. This is one of the largest categories in the mutual fund industry with over $280 billion of net assets and annual sales of $75 billion, according to current ICI data. Given our top of class performance, small market share and differentiated profile within the category, we believe, we are poised for accelerating growth over coming quarters in this fund. The largest competing funds in the category are 5 to 10 times our current size and none of them match our track record. Also worth noting in the fixed income category is the continued development of our ladder municipal bond franchise, Eaton Vance muni laddered separate accounts had second quarter net inflows of $750 million and ended the quarter with managed assets of $4.6 billion. During the quarter, we established our first laddered muni bond mutual fund by converting an existing municipal income fund and then rolled out a second and third ladder muni fund in early May. With both, separate accounts and mutual funds now available, we have by far the broadest menu of letter muni offerings, plus unrivaled analytics and customization. We are convinced that this is going to be a huge market, potentially hundreds of billions of dollars and we are in the early lead. Our portfolio implementation category generated $1.6 billion in second-quarter net inflows. As a reminder, portfolio implementation consists of Parametric's tax managed core, centralized portfolio management and specialty index offerings. Tax managed core is the largest and fastest-growing of these businesses with $1.3 billion of second-quarter net inflows and ending assets of nearly 26 billion. In tax managed core, Parametric seeks to max the pre-tax returns of client specified benchmarks and to adding incremental return on an after-tax basis through systematic harvesting of tax losses and deferral of gains. Rapid development of Parametric's TMC business is being driven by the growing embrace of index-based strategies among financial advisors and financial offices and family offices, heightened sensitivity to investment tax effects in today's high-tax environment and expanded sales resources being devoted by us to this opportunity. With a 23-basis point average management fee, tax managed core is the highest earning product in our portfolio implementation category. Like muni ladders, we view tax managed core as an open-ended growth opportunity still in an early stage of development. In the alternatives category, we had net outflows of approximately $290 million, essentially flat versus the first quarter, but much improved from net outflows of $1.2 billion in the year ago quarter. Flow results in the current quarter were hampered by $390 million of withdrawals from global macro sub advisory mandates that we do not expect recur. Our two largest retail funds in the alternatives category, Global Macro Absolute Return and Global Macro Absolute Return Advantage, together generated positive net flows of $160 million this quarter, up from net inflows of $40 million in the first quarter of this year and net outflows of $630 million in last year second quarter, with continued demand for liquid alt strategies and our funds' competitive performance profile, we expect the positive contribution from these funds to continue. In equities, second-quarter net outflows of approximately $470 million compared to $560 million of net outflows in the first quarter and $1.35 billion of net outflows in last year's second quarter. The improvement is attributable to Eaton Vance Management equities, which remains our largest equity group. Despite net outflows over the past several years. EVM equities is led by Eddie Perkin, who has been on the job year for about a year. Under Eddie's leadership, we have seen a marked improvement in investment performance and a company flow improvements. Over the past five quarters, net outflows from EVM equities have fallen from $1.5 billion to $1.3 billion to $1.2 billion to $500 million and now $280 million in the current quarter, with Eaton Vance large-cap value Class-I, now in the top quintile of peer funds over the past year and ahead of the peer group average over the past three years, flow pressures there have abated. With several top-performing EVM equity funds now beginning to attract marketing attention, a return to positive net flows appears to be a realistic near-term goal for this group. You may have seen the press release we issued earlier this month announcing the expansion of EVM's global equity team. Christopher Dyer and Aidan Farrell will join our London office next month from Goldman Sachs Asset Management to serve as Director, Global Equity and Global Small Cap Portfolio Manager, respectively. In floating-rate income, net outflows decreased to $1 billion in the second quarter from $2.7 billion in the first quarter, driven primarily by lower retail loan fund redemptions. The fact that the loan asset class has been in net redemptions remains perplexing to us in light of what we believe is a very attractive environment for investing in floating-rate bank loans. Credit quality is strong across the landscape of loan issuers Federal Reserve is signaling its intent to begin raising short-term interest rates later this year and floating-rate loan products offer attractive yields at a time when investors continue to look for income. Since bottoming out in December, our bank loan flows have been on an improving trend. In fact, our loan flows are net positive for the month of May to-date. While the favorable momentum we are seeing in our bank loan flows could certainly reverse, we view that as unlikely given the compelling attractions of the asset class and our leading reputation as a bank loan manager. Across our franchises, our persistent theme is improving flows driven by strong investment performance. As of April 30th, we had 41 mutual funds with at least one share class with an overall Morningstar rating of four-star or five-star, including a diverse lineup of equity, fixed income, floating rate income, alternative and multi-asset strategies. Coming out of the first fiscal quarter, we said we were quite optimistic about our business prospects for the remainder of 2015. We believed improving investment performance and favorable demand trends in major areas of Eaton Vance capability would enable us to achieve faster growth. Sitting here one quarter later, much of what we had hoped for in the second quarter did happen, enabling us to report healthy organic growth for the quarter. Looking ahead to the balance of the fiscal year, there are continuing reasons for optimism across our business as we see favorable demand trends and a robust institutional pipeline. By the end of the summer, we expect to fund three new multi-sector income mandates totaling over $1 billion. At Parametric, we have pending potential mandates totaling several billion dollars in managed options, centralized portfolio management, exposure management and specially index implementation that we expect to fund in a similar timeframe. One cross current that will affect reported third-quarter flows is the loss this month of $3.4 billion Parametric emerging market equity mandate with a large sovereign wealth fund. While disappointing, we view this as a one-time event with little bearing on our other business prospects and growth opportunities. Before I turn the call over to Laurie to discuss our financials, I would like to give an update on our NextShares initiative. As a reminder, NextShares are a new type of actively managed fund designed to provide better performance for investors. As exchange traded products, NextShares have built-in cost and tax efficiencies, and unlike conventional ETFs, NextShares protect the confidentiality of fund trading information and provide buyers and sellers of shares with transparency in control of their trading costs. NextShares offer significant advantages over both, mutual funds and ETFs as vehicles for active investment strategies. Our NextShares business plan includes both, introducing a family of Eaton Vance sponsored NextShares funds and licensing the underlying intellectual property in providing related services to other fund groups to enable them to offer their own NextShares funds. Eaton Vance received SEC exemptive relief to NextShares funds in December 2014. On the regulatory front, during April, we filed amended registration statement for the 18 initial Eaton Vance NextShares funds and NASDAQ with the SEC and request to list and trade each of those 18 funds. These are two necessary and expected steps in the process of bringing are NextShares funds to market, essentially the final regulatory hurdles to be overcome. We also continue to make progress building out the consortium of fund sponsors that will offer NextShares funds. Today our Navigate Fund Solutions subsidiary has entered into preliminary license and service agreements with 10 fund sponsors, including Eaton Vance, which on a combined basis manage over $500 billion of mutual fund assets and offer approximate 200 funds currently rated four stars or five stars by Morningstar. Of these six companies have announced initiatives to offer, NextShares, American Beacon, Eaton Vance, Gabelli, Hartford, Pioneer and Victory Capital Management. We continue to engage in active discussions with other fund companies and expect to announce additional agreements over the coming weeks. In addition to working with fund companies, we are also engaged in discussions with broker-dealers, market data providers, exchange traded products service providers, market makers and our partners at NASDAQ to prepare for the launch of NextShares. As we move toward completing the build out of the initial consortium of fund sponsors offering NextShares, a growing focus is working with broker-dealers to gain their support and to ensure that they will be ready to offer NextShares fonts to their clients from time of launch. At the beginning of April, NASDAQ released to the broker-dealer community the technical specifications for trading NextShares. With this information, broker-dealers can determine the enhancements to the trading systems that will be needed to accommodate NextShares. We are now starting to hear back from broker-dealers about the scope and cost of this is the modification requirements. One broker-dealer has provided us with an estimate of $200,000 which is consistent with expectations of our in-house experts. While not inconsequential, we certainly do not believe system conversion cost will be a stumbling block for broker-dealers that are otherwise motivated to offer NextShares the biggest issue for broker-dealers is how NextShares fit within the context of their overall fund business. We are making the case to them that NextShares are not only superior products their customers, but also good for broker-dealers. Leveling the playing field between active and passive, serves the best interests of broker-dealers as well as investors and active fund sponsors. Conditional upon the timing of final regulatory approvals and market readiness, we continue to anticipate introducing an initial NextShares funds in the second half of 2015. Although the success of our NextShares initiative is far from assured we are pleased by the market acceptance of the potential investor benefits of NextShares and it is willing to embrace this is the logical evolution of the structure of actively managed funds. We look forward to reporting further progress in future communications. With that, I will turn the call over to Laurie to discuss the quarterly financial results in more detail.
Laurie Hylton: Thank you and good morning. As Tom mentioned, we are reporting adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.58 for the second quarter of fiscal 2015 compared to $0.59 for the second quarter fiscal 2014 and $0.61 for the first quarter of fiscal 2015. On a GAAP basis, we earned $0.58 per diluted share in the second quarter fiscal 2015, $0.59 in the second quarter fiscal 2014 and $0.24 in the first quarter of fiscal 2015. As you can see in attachment two to our press release adjustments from reported GAAP earnings in the first quarter of fiscal 2015, primarily reflect a one-time payment made to terminate closed end fund service and additional compensation arrangements. As a reminder, in the first quarter, we made a $73 million one-time payment to terminate service and additional compensation arrangements with the major distribution partner that were in place for certain closed end funds. The arrangements required us to make quarterly payment based on the managed assets of these funds. The $73 million payment was recorded at distribution expense in the first quarter of 2015. Terminating the arrangements reduces distribution expense by roughly $.07 per diluted share annually. Excluding the effect of the one-time payment, our operating margin remained flat at 34.8% in the second quarter fiscal 2015, compared to the first quarter fiscal 2015 and declined from 35.4% in the second quarter fiscal 2014. Second quarter total revenue decreased 1%, sequentially, and year-over-year, primarily reflecting a decrease in distribution and service fee revenues. The sequential and year-over-year decrease in distribution service fees reflects the continuing shift in managed assets away from fund share classes in which distribution and service fees are paid. Investment advisory and administrative fees were flat sequentially and year-over-year, despite the increase in assets under management, reflecting a lower blended effective fee rate due primarily to changes in product mix. Also contributing to the sequential decline in effective fee rate were three fewer fee days in the second quarter. Contributing to the year-over-year fee rate decline was a reduction in performance fees received of approximately $1 million. Going forward, our overall effective management fee rates will continue to be driven primarily by the mix of business among mandates with different fee levels with swings in performance fees in the number of fee days in the quarter also contributing to short-term variability. In second quarter fiscal 2015, we realized average effective management fee rates of 64 basis points in equity, 62 basis points in alternatives, 52 basis points in floating-rate income and 43 basis points in fixed income. Portfolio implementation, which includes Parametric's tax managed core specialty index and centralized portfolio management services, had an average effective fee rate of 17 basis points in the second quarter. Parametric exposure management business had an average effective fee rate of five basis points in the quarter. So long as exposure management, portfolio implementation and other lower fee mandates continue to grow faster than the company as a whole, you can expect our overall average fee rate to continue trending downward. The key to achieving overall growth in management fee revenues in the face of declining average fee rates will be avoiding outright declines in our higher fee businesses. Given the upturn in flows, we are seeing across these businesses, we believe, we are well-positioned for resumed growth in management fee revenues. Shifting from revenue to expense, compensation expense increased 5% compared to the same quarter last year, reflecting headcount-driven increases in base compensation, employee benefits and stock based compensation, partially offset by a decreases in operating income based bonus accruals. Sequentially, however, compensation expense remained largely flat. Headcount growth, which is approximately 4% year-over-year, was 1%, sequentially. Compensation expense as a percent of revenue came in 34% for the quarter, in line with last quarter. Although, we are not in a position to specifically quantify it at this point, I would anticipate that there will be some additional compensation related pressure in the next several quarters as we continue to build our global equity team in London and add staff in support of our NextShares initiatives. Distribution related costs, including distribution and service fee expenses and the amortization of deferred sales commission, but excluding the $79 million first quarter payment to determine closed end fund arrangements, decreased 7% in the second quarter fiscal 2015 from the first quarter fiscal 2015, and 11% from the same quarter a year ago, reflecting lower closed end fund related payments and reduced intermediary and marketing support payments. Fund related expenses were up 6% year-over-year, primarily due to an increase in non-advisory expenses borne by the company on certain comingled institutional calming of funds, for which we are paid all-in management fees. Other operating expenses were up 5% in the second quarter versus the same period a year ago, and up 7% sequentially, primarily reflecting an increase in information technology and other corporate expenses. Expenses related to our next year's initiative totaled approximately $1.8 million in the second quarter fiscal 2015 compared to $1.3 million last quarter and are currently anticipated to scale up to roughly $8 million for fiscal 2015 as a whole. Net income and gains on seed capital investments had no impact on earnings in the second quarter fiscal 2015, compared to contribution of roughly a penny per share to earnings in both, the second quarter fiscal 2014 and the first quarter fiscal 2015. When quantifying the impact of our seed capital investments on earnings each quarter, we take into consideration our pro rata share to gains, losses and other investment income earned on investments and sponsored products, whether accounted for as consolidated funds, separate accounts or equity method investments as well as the gains and losses recognized on derivatives used to hedged these investments. We then report the per share impact net of non-controlling interest expense and income taxes. Changes in quarterly equity and net income of affiliates both, year-over-year and sequentially, reflect changes in net income and gains recognized on sponsored products accounted for under the equity method. Our 49% interest in Hexavest, which is reported net of tax and the amortization of intangibles in equity net income of affiliates, contributed approximately $0.02 per diluted share for all quarterly periods presented. Excluding the effect of CLO entity earnings and losses, our effective tax rate for the second quarter fiscal 2015 was 38%, 38.1% in the second quarter of fiscal 2014 and 36.4% in the first quarter of fiscal 2015.  We currently anticipate that our effective tax rate adjusted for CLO earnings and losses will be in the 38% range for fiscal 2015 as a whole. In terms of capital management, we repurchased 1.5 million shares of non-voting common stock for approximately $64 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2015. When combined with repurchases over the preceding three quarters, our average diluted share count for the first six months of fiscal 2015 was down 3.3% from the same period of fiscal 2014. We finished second fiscal quarter holding $382 million of cash and short-term debt securities and approximately $328 million in seed capital investment. Our outstanding debt consists of $250 million or 6.5% senior notes due in 2017 and $325 million or 3.625% senior notes due in 2023. We also have a $300 million five-year line of credit, which we entered into in October to replace our previous three-year line that was due to expire in fiscal 2015. The line is currently undrawn. Given our strong cash flow, liquidity and overall financial condition, we believe we are well positioned to continue return capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. This concludes our prepared comments. At this point, we would like to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Chris Shutler with William Blair. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Nicholas: Hi. This is actually Andrew Nicholas filling in for Chris Shutler. Thanks for taking my questions. My first question just has to do with the $200,000 estimate for broker-dealer costs related technology specific to the next year's build out. I am curious if you can kind of walk us through whether or not there would be something that Eaton Vance would be willing to help pay for? If so does that change your $8 million next year spending estimate for fiscal 2015?
Tom Faust: Yes. We have said and this was - you may have seen this and there were a couple news articles that came out last week on this topic, but we have said publicly that for broker-dealers that are at the front of the line that are early in embracing NextShares, where they have some level of what strike us as reasonable estimates of their internal costs to implement those systems that we will help pay for that. At the moment, I would say that is included in the current estimates. We have said approximate $8 million of spending this year. Clearly, we do not have a huge amount of room in that for paying lots of six-figure bills, which is where we think this will be, but for the right partner, for the right broker-dealer, we want to take this issue off the table by providing financial support that conversion. To me, this should not come as a big shock. There has been, I would say, pretty extensive involvement over the years of financial partnership and financial support between fund companies and broker-dealers. This is just one element of that that's new and different here, because there is really no precedent for up a product structure of this of this type, so just to repeat, yes, we do intend to offer selected broker-dealers who are motivated to be first movers that we will contribute to their development costs on converting their systems to accommodate trading in NextShares. It is our hope and expectation at this point that that will fit within our current budget numbers for the year, but for the right advisor, for the for the right broker-dealer firm, we would certainly be willing to make this worth their while and part of that is certainly the conversion economics.
Andrew Nicholas: Great. Thank you. That is helpful. Then to switch gears a little bit, it was obviously a strong quarter for fixed income products, particularly on the institutional side. I was just wondering if you guys could add a little color there as to what strategies, particularly in institutional channel were strong. If there are any indications of those strategies continuing their strength through the rest of 2015? Thank you.
Tom Faust: In the call slides, Slide #11, is listing and I think, this is in order of the leading areas of the contribution for the quarter. This is not just in fixed income, but several of these are fixed-income categories and I can comment on the ones that were in fixed income. I believe I said that, within fixed income we had at least $400 million of contribution from four areas. Those being cash management, Municipal ladders, multi-strategy income and high-yield; cash management, I believe was roughly $900 million. That was institutional business. Municipal ladders, I believe, I said a number of $750 million multi-strategy income. This is from memory. This was somewhere in the 4s, I believe, and most of that was that was in mutual funds high-yield income, again, from memory I believe also was in the 4s, also primarily for mutual fund business. The other part of question do we view those as potentially recurring, and I would say in all cases, yes, we do. The one of those that is the lumpiest would be cash management that those are the big mandates by assets. They tend to be relatively low fees, but that would be the one that is I would say that maybe speculative as to whether we have more of those coming in the next quarter. The other one is I think it is pretty likely that we have got a strong trend of current business with - it is not lumpy institutional business, but for the most part broad-based retail business.
Andrew Nicholas: Thanks again.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning.
Tom Faust: Hi, Craig. Good morning.
Craig Siegenthaler: Just to start I have a few questions here related to NextShares, so first one, can you help us frame the rest that NextShares would need delay the launch in Q1 or Q2. The reason I am asking I sounds like there is still a lot of work need to be get done in terms of getting the funds on a broker platforms, final SEC approvals and also the pluming. It just sounds like there was a lot to do over the next six months, so maybe you can help us think about that.
Tom Faust: Yes. The first on the regulatory side, we do need a couple of approvals. We need approval of the registration statements on the individual funds and we also need what I'd call 19(b)(4) listing and trading approval of those. In the case of Eaton Vance funds, the filings have been made and we certainly do not control the timing of that, but we do not expect that to be a delay. NASDAQ has communicated publicly their intent to be ready to trade by October 1st so again that means third quarter is probably unlikely assuming they are going to push towards the end of that timeframe. Whether launching in the fourth quarter beyond SEC approval of our product and beyond NASDAQ's readiness, primarily hinges on two things. One of those is, our desire to launch this as part of a consortium of fund companies. At some point, we draw the line and say that the consortium is in place. If you are not going to be ready by a certain date, you are not going to be part of that particular group in terms of what we envision is some joint marketing efforts in conjunction with product launches. You are probably aware that three of the applicants, three of the other licensees, have now either received SEC exemptive relief or expected in the next couple of days they have got notice of relief in a couple of cases, we need more fund companies to apply for and receive exemptive relief. We need more fund companies to get a registration statements filed for individual funds to file 19(b)(4)s for those. There is a fair bit of work to be done there. Though that certainly could be done in time for a fourth quarter launched, can we have no 30 fund companies ready? I think, that is unlikely, but could we have, let us say, 6 to 12 fund companies ready to offer NextShares products before the end of the year, I think that is certainly possible still at this point. As you point out, there is still some a fair bit of work to be done for those other companies to get a final list of products out registration statements filed and then get the listing and trading approval, which assuming that this works the way we hope, that will be a very straightforward easy process, but again we do not control how that works. The last part is the broker-dealer part, which is the part that as I mentioned in my remarks, we are increasingly focusing on and there are really two parts of that as I think about it. One is, getting their systems up and running up and ready to accommodate this, we do not have a lot of data points and this will vary by broker-dealers, but the same firm that gave us the $200,000 systems accommodation cost estimates and also put a number of person months on that and that number as communicated to me anyway was seven, so seven person months is one person working for seven months, but more likely meaning a team of a few people working for a collective amount of person months totaling seven, so it is conceivable that can get done in two or three months at that particular broker-dealer. We would like to think that is representative of what it is for the broader market among broker-dealers. We do not know that for sure. We have got a couple of other data points, including the experience of our own staff that suggest that that is in a reasonable range, but that is not a number that's intimidating to the most broker-dealers as they think about technology projects or systems build. The bigger issue, I think, and really the thing that ultimately I think will drive this is, we need to I would say finish making the case to broker-dealers. We have been working on this, but finish making the case to broker-dealers that this is a compelling enough opportunity that relative to their other priorities in their business for not only technology projects, but other business initiatives that this is important enough to them that they want to make this a priority and that is important enough to them to want to take a lead in this. Over the next number of weeks, this is very much a focus of mine and our navigate team is, working with all these firms that we have got longstanding relationships with making the case to them that NextShares is good for their business. They all understand it is good for their clients and that this should be a priority for them. If we can make this case successfully in our firms, we can get this done and launch before the end of the year. I cannot promise that that will happen, but that certainly what we are shooting for. If that does not happen, this will happen sometime in early 2016, we would expect, but the nature of any exchange traded product like this is that it is bought and sold through a broker-dealer and we have to make sure that we have a sufficient number of broker-dealers that this is available to not just clients of one particular broker-dealer, but a broader range and we are making that case. I would say, I am optimistic that we can get there. In some cases, these are easy conversations in the sense that this would be incremental business. It is not disruptive versus things that they are doing today. In other cases, the analysis are a little more complicated where they are potentially losing one revenue stream and replacing it with other revenue streams or they are looking at the potential benefits of building their business by offering greater products versus a potential desire to not cannibalize what might be higher earning assets that they have on their books today. With our business today, our mutual fund business today at 75% or so of our of our flows being in funds that do not pay 12b-1 fees, distribution and service fees as they are called. That is not a huge issue for us. There are different companies that have a different mix. There are broker-dealers that have a different mix than that, but the vast majority of our business 12b-1 fees is not a significant issue in terms of converting from mutual funds to NextShares, but still there are other considerations beyond just 12b-1 fees. We make the case that it is not a good thing for broker-dealers to see their business convert rapidly to an overwhelming emphasis on passive products. We do not think that is the best choice for their customers and we do not think that is the best solution for them as financial advisors, so that is the case we are trying to make over the coming weeks.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks, Tom. Then final question, do you think there will be an acceleration in licensee sign-ups by July 1st just given that the early window, I think, is going to expire on July 1st and there were few reasons before really now to sign-up, but there now there is sort of a firm reason to sign-up.
Tom Faust: I think that is right. We have been pretty transparent about our pricing on this and part of that pricing is that there is a 30% reduction in licensing and services free rate that would apply generally to firms that sign a preliminary agreement with us and then file an exemptive application by the end of June, so there is an incentive to do that. That 30% is about 1.5 basis points. To so some firms that may not be particularly motivating, but for many firms it is quite motivating and I think it is likely that we will see a significant of additional firms become early adopters and, because the process of filing for SEC exemptive relief is a public process, we should also see the identity of the firms that have signed with us today, but we are not yet public of that changing also over the next six weeks or so. The biggest thing for us in going from the current 10 companies that are under agreement to up 20-year or some excess of that, really I think it is getting comfort that this is something that the broker-dealers will support. I think we have come a long way in helping the broker-dealers understand that this is good for the business and something they should embrace. If we get in a position where major broker-dealers are in effect encouraging other fund companies to do this, because their publicly supporting this, I think, we are potentially in a position where we will see a quite rapid acceleration in the rate of adoption by fund companies.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks, Tom.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz of Citi. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ryan Bailey: Hi. This is actually Ryan Bailey filling in for Bill. Our questions were also related to NextShares. We were kind of wondering without giving too much detail if you could size the licensees who have signed up, but have not been public yet. That is the first. Secondly, what are your thoughts on fixed income for the ETMF opportunity? We were wondering it seems like fixed income or the licensee so far had more than [ph], so wondering what the opportunity that is there?
Tom Faust: Yes. We included in the release the number of $500 billion of mutual fund assets across the 10 companies, so that includes the six companies names which have been disclosed as well as the four that have not been so, I think you can probably do the math on figuring out what the average is and what the total is on that. Due to confidentiality agreements, we are not in a position really to try and size individual firms that have not been disclosed for obvious reasons. The way we think about NextShares generally and this is answering the part of your question related to fixed income. This is the only exchange traded structure that is fully compatible with active management and works fully for all asset classes. As I think your question acknowledges, there have been some limited uptake of fully transparent active ETFs as approved since 2008. I think currently there are about $20 billion roughly or so in that structure that compares to roundly $10 trillion in actively managed mutual funds, so it is a tiniest drop in the bucket. That is 0.2%. If you really drilled down and look inside that $20 trillion, the largest category by a significant amount is ultra short bond funds, which I think it is something like $6 billion or $7 billion out of the $20 billion. I think that is maybe an indication that we have had seen the most success there probably telling that that is not an area where at least some active managers are particularly worried about preserving their secrets sauce. This is one step or half a step away from a money market fund. In that range, we are seeing activity and some success in a fully transparent structure. A handful of other companies have been willing to be fully transparent as to their daily holdings in core fixed income, but that is still up a pretty small number of companies and it is also a relatively limited range of strategies. You are not seeing fully transparent high-yield bond funds, which I think would be similar to equities would be probably a bad idea. The way we look at this is, first, there is a benefit of having a single structure that covers all your strategies as opposed to we do this over here and we do this over there. NextShares can be that one structure in a way that a fully transparent ETF cannot. The other is, I think, it is still to be proven whether or not fund companies or even those that have announced and had initiatives in this area, whether the lack of concern about portfolio holdings disclosure really stands up at scale. As I think about it, there are three areas of concern. The one that tends to get the most focus is front running risk. The idea that if I put out my daily holdings disclosure every day then someone will be able to anticipate the pattern of my future trading and then trade ahead of me and then in their report, drive up my trading costs and reducing fund returns. The second and third are also very significant to investment managers. Those being the likelihood that if you make your holdings available on a daily basis, if you charge a fee that exceeds the cost of portfolio implementation, you are just inviting others to try and replicate your strategy at lower cost. If you are successful at scale, if you want to charge of full fee, I can guarantee there will be someone in our industry that will try and undercut you on price in your fully transparent strategy. The other one maybe which is slightly less obvious is the concern that if I am running out, let us, say a fixed income shop and I am very proud of the analysts I have and the work they do, I mean, in fact giving away the ultimate embodiment of their work which is the portfolio I own, if I make that available to all my competitors on a daily basis so. We have talk to a lot of fund companies. I have talked to a lots of fund companies CEOs personally and we do not get a lot of pushback that the model of full transparency is very limited in its application. Yes it may work for an enhanced cash product. It may work for some managers for core fixed income, but there is nobody out there that I am aware of that runs a large-scale fund business that thinks to that is an alternative to NextShares as the broad industry solution for how active managers can compete more effectively with passive by making structural changes.
Ryan Bailey: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee of KBW. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Robert Lee: Great. Thank you. Good morning. Hey, maybe keeping with the NextShares theme, but this also I guess relates to capital management. I think of back in the fourth quarter when you first announced that the approval from the SEC, it came up about having to seed some of these products that potentially given I think you are going to market or plan to go to market with, I think, it is about a dozen products. Are you still thinking that seed demands at least initially could be a fairly hefty and should how should we be thinking that as we look later in the year that may or may not impact how are your thoughts around share repurchase or can you just recycle existing seed into those?
Tom Faust: We filed for 18 funds. I think, we probably will not launch all 18 on the same day, but we do have the expectation that that number or something very close to that will be our initial products set. We probably we will be able to do that in such a way that some of the capital that we use for seed purposes gets recycle among those different products where the first way is get up to scale then we recycle some of the capital into following product. I do not think we have definitive answers to how big these funds will be in terms of seed capital requirements from our NASDAQ exchange requirements number right? What was it?
Dan Cataldo: It was $200,000 or $2 million.
Tom Faust: Yes. I think it is something like $2 million, so that is not a big number relative to our overall currency capital portfolio and I do not think ultimately it is going to be the determining number here. The determining number here is going to be what do we need to do to in a practical business sense to get these up and running. I think we are thinking about on the order of $20 million of fund that is a little bit premature, it may be different than that. We are at a point with $300 and some million seed capital portfolio. I think, it is likely that that portfolio away from NextShares we will be shrinking rather than growing over the next six months. That is certainly our intent in part, because we are looking at NextShares as a potential use of capital, but I guess we do not see this 20 times. Let us say, we did 20 times 10. Then recycled some of that capital and then also potentially pull down some of the other positions we have today. I think, we are looking at possibly, this is really just a guess at this point, but maybe $100 million to $200 million of seed capital requirement to get these funds up and running, netting some of the offsets from more over seed capital and some of the other things. It is a guess at this point. We do not really know that answer, but we certainly do not see a need to do an outside financing to make this work. We have not particularly explored this, so there are third-party sources of financing for seed capital for funds that we are aware of, so it won't necessarily all be funded off our own balance sheet. It is possible that there will be outside investors that could do this. Just as a reminder, we have roughly $380 million today in cash and short-term investments.
Robert Lee: Great. Maybe a follow-up, two questions or two-part question maybe around flows, I mean, the first one is in fixed income, you obviously had a pretty meaningful step up in gross sales and I know you pointed out that there was a $900 million, I guess, in the cash management which I believe flows through there, but it was a pretty again a pretty decent step up. Is there anything else there they maybe we should think of it as, I do not know, maybe I will use non-recurring. Maybe that is not the right way to put it, maybe call it non-recurring or kind of one other big kind of chunky mandates that may have driven that besides cash management?
Tom Faust: No. In fact, I would say if anything that was - the other thing we highlighted that went the other way was we had a roughly $400 million one-time withdrawal from - I guess, this is actually in the alternatives category, but it is from global macro. There was nothing else. You highlighted the one piece, the $900 million or so in cash management, the two fastest growing, I think, will likely be the two fastest growing parts of that over the next few quarters that were in this current number. One is the muni ladder business which was $750 million and I think every quarter that number has been growing. It is a broad-based business and we think we are in the very early innings of a very major business there. The second one I highlighted is the short duration strategic income fund that we got all the stars are aligned in terms of performance and yields and a very large category and it is getting a lot of sales attention it is a mutual fund asset, so you can follow the flows of that from standard mutual fund sources, but we expect that to continue to ramp up pretty nicely. The other one we did which was not much of a factor and this current quarter is our multi-sector income strategy and I highlighted that we have a pipeline of a roundly $1 billion of institutional accounts that we expect to fund. I mean they are supposed to fund. I think most of that supposed to fund within the next month or so, but even with some delays there we would expect to get most of that $1 billion in the third quarter, so if there is a one-time item that in cash in the second quarter, we expect some one-time items in multi-sector income with some visible wins one not funded opportunities that we expect all of that we expect to fund by the end of this month or 1st of June.
Robert Lee: Yes. Maybe just one last question, thanks for indulging me. I just thought was the private fund assets if my numbers were correct, were up about 13% year-over-year. I am just kind of curious, is that the old exchange funds? Are you seeing any kind of resurgence in interest or demand for those?
Tom Faust: A little bit. That would not be driving. I think that is probably slightly positive flows. We have had some more interest there. I think it is probably CITs [ph] that are the main driver of that business what asset classes are that?
Laurie Hylton: Just looking.
Dan Cataldo: Bob, the big drivers there are 
Laurie Hylton: Just okay.
Tom Faust: Rob I think drivers there are comingled institutional product and the growth has been primarily in the emerging markets. You mentioned the exchange funds those have been growing as interest has picked up there. The other category of asset that shows up there is, CLOs and we have issued a couple of floating rate CLO, so I would say some combination of those products.
Robert Lee: Great. Thanks for taking my questions guys and girls.
Laurie Hylton: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Berg of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Lee: Hi. This is Kenneth Lee filling in for Eric. Just I think you touched upon this briefly, but I wanted to get a better sense on your continuing dialogue with fund companies on NextShares. Just to clarify, did you see that fund transparency is not a big concern among the fund companies you have been talking to? If so, would you says that the biggest pushback you have been receiving when speaking with potential partners. What is holding up potential partners from signing up? Thanks.
Tom Faust: Maybe I did not understand you right, so I think I had said that the holdings transparency is a big concern, and that one of the attractive features about NextShares is that allows them to offer the benefits of an exchange traded product with better performance and better tax efficiency without requiring daily holdings disclosure. I think, maybe that is what you said. The question about why do not we have 100 fund companies as opposed to 10 or 20 as opposed to 10, is that basically the question?
Kenneth Lee: Yes. Well, just in your dialogue like what could be preventing potential partners from signing up - fund transparency. Are there any other major issues that are…
Tom Faust: Well, again, the transparency is not really an issue. That is an issue in our favor. No one says I am not going to do this, because I will only offer product that has daily transparency. No mutual fund company offers daily transparency, so that is a positive. Not a negative. Why do not we have more fund companies? I guess, I would offer maybe a handful of reasons. One is that fund companies are busy, executives are busy, generally, the bigger the company the more involved the decision-making process. We have been talking to fund companies really primarily since December. That is when we got our exemptive order approved, was early December. Typically a decision like this involves many parts of the organization and this is not just the marketing group, but it involves discussions with portfolio management, fund operations, legal, in most cases they are going to consult with their fund board before they commit to doing this, so it is a process to get this approved. I would say, in many companies also there is an issue of where this fits in with their other priorities, so I met with the CEO yesterday who is I think very interested in doing this likes the concept, at least that was what he told me, but he says over the next 6 to 12 months we are very focused on building out an international family of funds, funds that we can use its funds, we can sell outside the United States. It is not a vote against NextShares. He said we will probably be there if this is successful, but we have got other priorities, so that is the second reason. In some cases, there is something in-house that somehow in the exchange traded product world that is already in process. To the extent that they have hired a team or a person that is focused on building some kind of exchange traded product structure, whether it is a fully transparent fixed income or fund-to-funds or strategic data or all kind of different thing. To a little degree we run a file of some plan that is in the works internally, so we start to get slided behind that, because it has got external sponsorship in a way that perhaps we would not have on our own. The biggest issue is I say overwhelmingly is, what other broker-dealers say and come back to me when you have got major broker-dealers that are committed to this. I mean that is the biggest issue is why should I do this until my distribution partners have blessed this and said they are going to offer this? As I explained that everyone on both sides of this, it is a big chicken and egg issue, fund companies want to make sure broker-dealers are behind this, broker-dealers wanted to make sure that major fund companies are behind this. Really our challenge to get NextShares successfully to market is to breakthrough that chicken and egg by both, arguing to big fund companies that they should take the initiative in this and also arguing to big broker-dealers that they should take initiative to this. For this to work, that has to break one way or the other, and I think it is working. We have a very nice complement of initial fund companies that are signed up to launch this. We are engaged in serious dialogue with broker-dealers about how this fits in with their business and what we can do to help them get into this business, so it takes time nobody is more impatient for success here than I am. I can assure you of that, but overall I am quite pleased with our progress we have made. Just having been quite involved in a lot of discussions, particularly over the last three or four weeks, we have come a very long way in advancing peoples' understanding of what this, of what the investor benefit is and how this can fit in with the business plans of broker-dealers as well as fund companies. One of the things that makes that easier, is that we have seen tremendous growth over the course of this year in ETFs, and traditional broker-dealer advisor programs and that is a bit alarming to traditional active managers. It is also a bit alarming frankly to the broker-dealers themselves and that is the catalyst for people to think about solutions and this is the solution at hand to how do we respond to that as an industry and restore a fair competitive balance between active and passive to the benefit of investor returns.
Kenneth Lee: Great. Thank you. That is very helpful.
Tom Faust: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes questions period for our call today. I would like to turn the call back to Mr. Cataldo for closing remarks.
Dan Cataldo: Great. Thank you and thank you very much for joining us this morning. If you do have follow-up questions, we will be available to take those. If we did not get to your questions, we apologize and we will do our best to get all questions answered. That said, thank you and have an enjoyable Memorial Day weekend.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-20 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathleen McCabe - Head, Investor Relations James Gorman - Chairman and CEO Ruth Porat - CFO and EVP
Analysts: Guy Moszkowski - Autonomous Research Mike Mayo - CLSA Glenn Schorr - Evercore ISI Brennan Hawken - UBS Michael Carrier - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Christian Bolu - Credit Suisse Steven Chubak - Nomura Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank James Mitchell - Buckingham Research Devin Ryan - JMP Securities Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Morgan Stanley First Quarter Earnings Conference Call.
Kathleen McCabe: Good morning. This is Kathleen McCabe, Head of Investor Relations. Welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements which reflect management's current estimates or beliefs and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. The presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our SEC filings at www.morganstanley.com for a reconciliation of such non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP figures and for a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of Morgan Stanley. This presentation, which is copyrighted by Morgan Stanley and may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent, is not an offer to buy or sell any security or instrument. I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Office James Gorman.
James Gorman: Thank you, Kathleen, good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on what is the last earnings call from our favorite CFO, Ruth Porat. I will now give you some highlights for the first quarter results and mark to market our execution against the strategic plan that we provided an update of in January. We begin this year on a solid footing with all businesses contributing to our performance. Excluding DVA, this was the strongest quarter in firm revenue and PBT in many years. In fact, it was the second best quarter in revenue, ex-DVA, in the firm's 80 year history. Key highlights include the following. Equity showed continued leadership. We delivered strong performance across products and regions both quarter over quarter and year over year. Fixed income delivered a stronger quarter consistent with our strategy. Investment Banking performed solidly and the pipeline remains healthy. Wealth Management achieved record revenue, record revenue per financial advisor and delivered a pretax margin of 22%. Investment Management results were steady but there's more to be done as this business remains an important part of our growth opportunity. Most significantly we took a meaningful step toward achieving our state of return on equity target, delivering in this quarter an ROE of 10.1%. This ROE excludes the affect of the net discrete tax benefit and DVA. On a reported basis, as you'll have seen, the ROE for the quarter was actually 14.2%. This performance reflects our strategic plan and demonstrates the business' flexibility to respond to increased client activity and market movements. While the firm has clearly made progress, there remains work to be done in achieving the six-point plan we laid out in January. An update of which I'll briefly provide today. First, we continue to improve our wealth management margin, which reached 22% for the quarter. The business is also benefiting from additional factors described during our last call. Secondly, we'll continue to execute on our bank strategy through deploying our deposits and again delivering prudent loan growth across Wealth Management and institutional securities. Third, fixed income and commodities saw its strongest revenue quarter in three years, as volumes returned to the market with increased volatility. This quarter was important evidence of the execution of our strategy to significantly reduce the capital required to support the fixed income business, while maintaining the appropriately sized global footprint to meet our client’s needs. Needless to say, we must see this play out for more than one quarter. Fourth, we're just beginning to realize the benefit of lower funding costs as we refinance the debt post crisis. This provides us with a tailwind across the businesses. We maintained our focus on expense management discipline and showed strong progress in the first quarter, delivering an overall expense ratio of 72%, excluding DVA. This level reflects an Institutional Securities compensation ratio of 38% and that ratio is consistent with our stated target of being at or below 39%. Finally, with respect to steadily increasing capital returns to shareholders, we were pleased to receive a non-objection from the Federal Reserve on our 2015 capital plan to increase our dividend to $0.15 per quarter and a repurchase up to $3.1 billion of common stock for the five quarters beginning in the second quarter of this year. We hope to maintain this trend of increasing dividends and share repurchases in future cycles, subject of course to regulatory approval. In aggregate, we continue to execute against the benchmarks previously established and will remain focused on them for the duration of 2015. Before closing I would like to note several organization changes we recently made. These changes, where we moved executives across the firm, reflect our strong desire to build a very deep bench of senior management for the years ahead. And finally, I would like to thank our CFO Ruth Porat for her partnership, friendship and commitment to Morgan Stanley and to me personally. She has been an extraordinarily highly valued part of my team for the five years and a tremendous asset to this firm since her arrival. We indeed have been lucky to have her. We are delighted to appoint as CFO, Jon Pruzan, a 20 year veteran of our investment banking division at the end of this month, and I wish John luck in this new role. I will now turn the call over to Ruth to discuss the quarter in detail.
Ruth Porat: Thank you, James, and good morning. I will provide both GAAP results and results excluding the effect of DVA. We have provided reconciliations in the footnotes to the earnings release to reconcile these non-GAAP measures. Results for the first-quarter include a net discrete tax benefit of $564 million, or $0.29 per diluted share, primarily associated with the repatriation of non-US earnings at a lower cost than originally estimated. In addition, the impact of DVA in the quarter was a positive $125 million, with $100 million in fixed income sales and trading and $25 million in equity sales and trading. Excluding the impact of DVA, firm-wide revenues were $9.8 billion, up 30% versus the fourth quarter. Earnings from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders, excluding DVA, were $2.2 billion. Earnings from continuing operations per diluted share, excluding DVA, were $1.14 after preferred dividends. On a GAAP basis, including the impact of DVA, firm-wide revenues for the quarter were $9.9 billion. Earnings from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders were $2.3 billion. Reported earnings from continuing operations per diluted share were $1.18 after preferred dividends. Reported return on equity from continuing operations was 14.2% in the first quarter, excluding both DVA and the net discrete tax benefit, our ROE for the quarter was 10.1%. Book value at the end of the quarter was $33.80 per share and tangible book value was $28.91 per share. Turning to the balance sheet. Total assets were $829 billion at March 31, up from $802 billion at the end of the fourth quarter. Deposits as of quarter end were $136 billion, up $2 billion versus Q4. Our liquidity reserve at the end of the quarter was $195 billion, compared with $193 billion at the end of the fourth quarter. Turning to capital. Although our calculations are not final, our common equity tier 1 transitional ratio will be approximately 13.1% and our tier 1 capital ratio under this regime will be approximately 14.7%. Basel III transitional risk weighted assets are expected to be approximately $440 billion at March 31. Reflecting our best estimate of the final Federal Reserve rules, our pro forma common equity tier 1 ratio using the Basel III, fully phased-in advanced approach was 11.6% at March 31, up from 10.7% in the fourth quarter. Our pro forma standardized ratio was 11.6%, up from 10.9% in the fourth quarter. Pro forma, fully phased-in Basel III advanced RWAs are expected to be approximately $449 billion. Pro forma, fully phased-in Basel III standardized RWAs are expected to be approximately $446 billion. We estimate our pro forma supplementary leverage ratio under the US final rule to be approximately 5.1% at March 31, up from 4.7% at the end of 4Q. All of these estimates are preliminary and are subject to revision. Turning to expenses. Our total expenses this quarter were $7.1 billion, down 34% versus the fourth quarter. Compensation expense was $4.5 billion in the quarter, down 11%, driven primarily by the change in compensation structure discussed in the fourth quarter, partly offset by increased compensation related to higher revenue. Non-compensation expense was $2.5 billion for the quarter, down 55% quarter over quarter driven by decreased legal expense as well as continued expense discipline. Let me now discuss our businesses in detail. In Institutional Securities, revenues excluding DVA were $5.3 billion, up 45% sequentially after excluding the implementation charge for FDA in 4Q. Non-interest expense was $3.6 billion, down 49% versus the fourth quarter due to legal expenses and the compensation expense adjustment occurred in the prior quarter. Compensation expense was $2 billion for the first quarter, down 17% versus the fourth quarter reflecting the impact of the change in compensation structure I just noted. Excluding DVA, the compensation ratio was 38%, down quarter over quarter and down approximately 300 basis points year-over-year, reflecting the impact of the change in compensation structure and operating leverage in the business. Non-compensation expense was $1.6 billion, down 65% versus the fourth quarter, driven by significantly lower legal expense in the quarter. Including the impact of DVA, revenues were $5.5 billion. In investment banking, revenues of $1.2 billion were down - last quarter. According to Thomson-Reuters, Morgan Stanley ranked at number one in global IPOs and number three in global equity and global announced M&A at the end of the first quarter. Notable transactions included, in advisory Morgan Stanley acted as sole financial advisor to AbbVie in its acquisition of Pharmacyclics for an aggregate value of $20 billion. AbbVie obtained financing for Morgan Stanley and MUFG. In equity underwriting, Morgan Stanley as joint global coordinator, lead left book runner and stabilization agents, priced a $3.7 billion follow-on offering for Citizens Financial Group. This was the largest financial institutions follow-on offering since 2012. In debt underwriting, Morgan Stanley acted as active book runner for Coca-Cola in its EUR8.5 billion senior unsecured notes, offering the largest euro transaction for a US issuer on record and the second largest euro transaction of all time. Advisory revenues of $471 million decreased 3% versus our fourth-quarter results, driven by lower revenues in EMEA and Asia. Underwriting revenues of $702 million decreased 13% versus our fourth quarter results, driven by equity underwriting revenues of $307 million, down 11% versus 4Q reflecting fewer IPOs and lower revenues from EMEA and Asia. Fixed income underwriting revenues of $395 million, down 15% versus the fourth quarter, primarily due to decreases in non-investment grade loans and high-yield bonds that more than offset increases in investment grade activity. Equity sales and trading revenues, excluding DVA, were $2.3 billion, up 40% compared to last quarter. Results reflected broad-based gains across products and regions. Cash equities saw increased volume and share gain. Derivatives revenues were higher across regions. Prime brokerage revenues increased, driven by an uptick in balances and client activity. Fixed income and commodities sales and trading revenues, excluding DVA, were $1.9 billion, up significantly versus the fourth quarter. Commodities results were up meaningfully versus the fourth quarter, benefiting from structured transactions, improved client flow and extreme weather. Fixed Income revenues increased quarter over quarter driven by increased contribution across regions, with particular strength in macro products and EMEA. Average trading VaR for the first quarter was $47 million, flat to the fourth quarter. Turning to wealth management. Revenues were $3.8 billion in the first quarter, up 1% sequentially. Asset management revenues of $2.1 billion were relatively flat with the last quarter. Transaction revenues were down 3% compared to last quarter consisting primarily of commissions of $526 million, down 8% to the prior quarter driven in part by fewer trading days as well as activity levels. Investment banking related fees of $192 million, up 11% versus last quarter primarily reflecting a revenue-sharing arrangement with Institutional Securities related to municipal securities. And trading revenues of $232 million, a slight uptick versus the fourth quarter. Net interest revenue increased 10% to $689 million, driven primarily by investment portfolio returns as well as continued growth in lending products. Non-interest expense was $3 billion, down 3% versus last quarter. Non-compensation expense was $754 million, down 3% from last quarter. Compensation expense was $2.2 billion, down 3% versus the fourth quarter, in part due to the change in compensation structure last quarter as well as a revenue mix change, with growth in non-compensable revenues this quarter. The compensation ratio was 58%, down versus the fourth quarter. The TBT margin was 22%, profit before tax was $855 million. Total client assets were $2 trillion. Global fee-based asset inflows were $13.3 billion, fee-based assets under management increased to $803 billion at quarter end, representing 39% of client assets. Global representatives were 15,915, down 1% to the fourth quarter. Deposits in our bank deposit program were $135 billion, down $3 billion versus the fourth quarter. Approximately $130 billion were held in Morgan Stanley banks. Wealth management lending balances continued to grow, reflecting the ongoing execution of our bank strategy. Investment management revenues of $669 million were up 14% sequentially. In traditional asset management, revenues of $439 million were up 2% versus the fourth quarter. In Merchant Banking and real estate investing, revenues of $230 million were up compared with the fourth quarter driven by higher investment gain. Non-interest expenses were $482 million, down 19% from the fourth quarter due to the change in compensation structure discussed last quarter. Compensation expense was $273 million in the quarter reflecting a compensation ratio of 41%. Non-compensation expense was $209 million, down 2% from the fourth quarter. Profit before tax was $187 million in the first quarter. NCI was $17 million versus $12 million last quarter. Total assets under management increased to $406 billion driven by market appreciation. Turning now to our outlook. In the first quarter the firm benefited from growing investor and corporate interest in global opportunities, with higher activity levels in the US complemented by a meaningful pickup in activity in Europe and Asia. In investment banking, the M&A backlog is higher than a year ago, supported by the trends we have discussed previously; robust cross-border activity, activism and larger transactions across industries. The underwriting pipeline similarly remains healthy, increasingly driven by acquisition activity. In sales and trading, we continue to benefit from the breadth of our strong, global franchise with renewed client interest in European and Asian markets, reflecting the varying stages of global recovery and the impact of central bank actions across product. The obvious factors that affect these results going forward are global events and the nature of volatility. Our Wealth Management clients remain well engaged with their financial advisors. The key catalyst for higher activity is the level of US new issue activity, with the pipeline up versus Q1. Q1 levels also reflected client caution in anticipation of Federal Reserve rate moves which should play out throughout the year. We are pleased to have achieved this starting point of our 22% to 25% margin target in a lower transaction environment, underscoring the great operating leverage in this business. The outlook for our bank remains strong given the lending pipeline in our wealth management and institutional securities businesses. This enables us to continue to benefit from earnings upside, even without the benefit of rising rates. Our goal with the roadmap we introduced several years ago was to address your many questions and be transparent through metrics and goalposts, so that our progress could be measured. We had early confidence that the transformation of Morgan Stanley's business and balance sheet would deliver returns to all of our stakeholders, and I am proud that the levers we articulated are increasingly evident. Beyond the business outlook we expect to benefit from lower funding costs and the impact of capital returns to shareholders. Although the path to a sustainable acceptable ROE is not a straight line from here, I am confident that the road is a clear one. I will miss working with you and I'm grateful for the strong support and for the analysts on the call for your very constructive guidance and analysis. Thank you. It was a privilege to be in this role at this moment in Morgan Stanley's history. I thank my partner and boss, James Gorman, for the opportunity, but far more important for what our great team has accomplished. We will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Guy Moszkowski with Autonomous Research.
Guy Moszkowski: Good morning, Ruth and James.
Ruth Porat: Good morning.
James Gorman: Morning.
Guy Moszkowski: First question I guess, is if you could give us a little bit more color on fixed income and commodities. Given that it seems like you've had a pretty high hurdle to deal with commodities not only having done well in the first quarter of last year, but also you having sold TransMontaigne. Can you give us a little bit more color on how you managed to see revenue there actually up year-on-year?
Ruth Porat: Certainly. We had strong contribution from around the globe. Strength in EMEA across products with meaningfully higher client volumes. The bigger driver was strength in macro rates and FX were up nicely year over year; and, importantly, that's not withstanding a meaningfully lower balance sheet, and RWAs and fixed income were also lower; they were actually at $174 billion. So through our target, we're keeping our target at $108 billion; but this really goes to what we've talked about over many quarters. Our focus is on centralized resource management, so nice performance there. Credit was up from a weak fourth quarter, although not at last year's levels. And then as you noted in commodities, Q1 is seasonally strong. And even with the sale of TMG, TransMontaigne, in last year's results we were up. And the performance was across the board. It was physical client flows, structured transactions for clients. So we saw strength across the board there.
Guy Moszkowski: Are you still looking to sell those storage and other physical businesses?
Ruth Porat: Well, as you've heard us say many times, we're committed to selling oil merchanting; and we'll let you know when we have something to say.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay. Great. And maybe a little bit of color on the reduction in the RWA in thick in the quarter. Can you give us a sense for how much of that was from runoff of some of the legacy positions that you've talked about in the past that don't generate revenue?
Ruth Porat: So included both active and passive mitigation. There was some benefit from market move as well. It was really all three.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay. That's helpful. And then final question on moves in the capital account. There's a lot of moving parts it seems like this quarter. We know that overall capital was kind of flat. But we can see in the average allocations that you provide that you moved or retained more capital in the institutional securities business. And I was wondering if you could give us a little sense for, given the RWA movement, what's going on there?
Ruth Porat: So, you actually answered in your question. There were some ins and outs. But obviously given it is an average calculation, there are timing implications that flow through. And you can see, therefore, more capital moved up to ISG.
Guy Moszkowski: So we shouldn't necessarily expect that to remain in ISG as we move through the quarters of the year or is there something to do with continued regulatory changes that would drive those capital levels a little bit higher?
Ruth Porat: Well, over time it will. I mean, the required capital calculation is based on the capital regime in place today at any point time. So that does continue to be on a transitional basis. Over time, you'll see a reduction in some of the phased introductions. So it will change over time, and more of that parent capital would be allocated across the businesses, but more of it going to ISG over time. But of course, that's a couple year period on the phase in.
Guy Moszkowski: Got it. Okay. Thanks very much for taking the questions and obviously for your service and your tremendous clarity of vision and explanation of everything over the last several years. We've appreciated working with you.
Ruth Porat: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Mike Mayo: Hi. First question for James. You have a 10% ROE target. You certainly achieved that in the first quarter. What is your target time frame to achieve the 10% ROE for the year?
James Gorman: Well, Mike, first of all, appreciate you noting the first quarter. We have, as you know, resisted giving you a formal time frame because obviously, the ROE is an output and it's a function of returns, both revenue and expenses, as well as it is of capital accretive over time and what our capital plans are. So we have resisted trying to put a formal date on it. I can assure you everybody in this building would want it sooner rather than later. And the fact that we achieved it in a good environment but not an extraordinary environment in the first quarter and before many of the tailwinds that we have behind us are fully baked in, was very comforting. We're not going to give you a formal date on this. We are intent on achieving a 10% ROE year over year and beyond that in the outgoing years. So we're off to a good start here in 2015, and let's hope we keep it up.
Mike Mayo: What is the 10.1% on a tangible basis?
James Gorman: It's 11.9, is that right Ruth?
Ruth Porat: Yes it is. Various numbers are we reported 14.2% translates to 16.6% on tangible. And so adjusting up for DVA and discrete tax benefits, equivalent ROTE rate of 11.9%.
Mike Mayo: And then a separate question. Your VaR stayed flatten from the fourth quarter when your VaR peers actually went up. What's your thought process there, did you leave money on the table, is that a lower risk profile? What's going on?
Ruth Porat: So, VaR is heavily weighted to changes in current market volatility. And as you know our VaR was flat, but what we're focused on is our VaR was flat on performance. We were very active with clients. We were able to achieve VaR efficiency. We reduced balance sheet in certain areas that were less constructive. We reallocated by client activity. We have capacity to take VaR up. But you can see in the results, we had strong performance with flat VaR.
James Gorman: I think the key to this is we did not dial up risk to generate these earnings. Whether we left money on the table if things had turned out differently, some people might have said we left losses on the table. In this situation, we didn't dial up the risk. We delivered the earnings. But obviously we have a very successful trading business in parts of this firm. And they will react to the market volatility as I said.
Mike Mayo: And then lastly, Ruth, you're yet one more banking executive to lead the industry. Any last comment about the regulation in the banking industry?
Ruth Porat: Well, I think that fundamental regulatory change was needed with the backdrop of 2008, and it was implemented. And I think there's been meaningful improvement in the stability and resiliency of the industry as a result with all that's been done. The higher capital levels, liquidity stress testing, recovery plans, resolution plans, governance -- all the changes in business activity. I think if I look back over the last five years, some made those changes kicking and screaming. I think we were of the view that it was clear where it was going and it was needed and are proud of the changes we've made. I think at this point given how much has been accomplished, it is time to pause, digest and assess. It will be good to have a timeout and see the impact on markets and see where there was an undershoot and an overshoot. And hopefully that's what we see going forward. I think the main point is the industry is substantially more resilient, and that's a big accomplishment. It's a lot of work to get here for all of us. It may mean lower returns but it means a more resilient industry; and that's a positive place to be.
Mike Mayo: Thank you.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thanks. Ruth, you mentioned in your commentary on SIC about structure transactions being a contributor. I'm curious if that is only in commodities or if that was in other parts of the business and how big of a driver. And more importantly is that a sustainable appetite by clients, because we've all been waiting for that for a while.
Ruth Porat: I'm glad you asked that. It was a comment specific to commodities. In commodities, it was a combination of structured activity, the physical and trading activity. The majority of client facing flow in structured business, it was in the backdrop of what's gone on in the oil markets, it was good to see the volume of structured transactions. But as I said, I'm not going to do a forecast on.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. And does that mean – I don't want to put words in your mouth, but was the commodities contribution of the quarter larger than normal times just because of some of the things you mentioned plus the weather?
Ruth Porat: Well, commodities as you know well, is stronger in the first quarter. And so it was up some versus last quarter. But the bigger driver was the strength in macro with rates and foreign exchange up nicely year over year.
Glenn Schorr: Okay, cool. And then RWA down 4% for the firm sequentially, I think you said 6% in SIC. It's good; it's welcome. Is that not a number that we want to straightline, right?
Ruth Porat: I'm sorry, the number…
Glenn Schorr: Can it fall at that pace on an annualized basis?
Ruth Porat: So, two parts to that question. At 6% sync [ph] I noted that it's down to $174 billion; and we're retaining the target at $180 billion. We're very focused on RWA efficiency, and we've indicated there's another $25 billion that runs off post 2015. And we're going to be very clinical and flexible in the way we allocate that capital across the franchise in a way that optimizes returns. But to your question, would we want you to straight line from there, I think I've answered that.
Glenn Schorr: Cool. Last one, easy one, share count was flat year on year, but you got a higher authorization. That's just math, right? We can count on maybe 2% shrinkage this year in the share count?
Ruth Porat: Yes, the main thing is we got a higher authorization and that we start executing on the share repurchase as we come out of the second quarter. And we expect to execute that radically over the time period.
Glenn Schorr: Thanks for everything, Ruth.
Ruth Porat: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Couple of quick ones here. Cap Markets, the equity strength. How much of that, I know you highlighted across regions, and you gave some great color, Ruth, on some of the various components. How much of a tailwind was Europe this quarter, just given some of the strength and on the back of QE there?
Ruth Porat: Well as we've talked about on many quarters, we run the business with a nine box strategy product across the top cash derivatives in PB and then regions, Americas, EMEA and Asia. In the first quarter, every box was strong. The big theme, as I said, was increased investor interest outside of the US, and particularly US investors in the rest of the world. We clearly saw a pick up in client engagement in the EU on the back of the CB actions, but we also saw cash share gains in Asia with a pickup in client activity on the Asia growth opportunity and relative value there. We had nice frets to the business. The key question is the ongoing macro backdrop, as I said, and the nature of volatility. This quarter was characterized by LV trending volatility and a lot worked well. It was the best quarter in a long time. Looking forward, we'd anchor the outlook to what we've see over the last few years. But there were a lot of good things going on around the globe.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. Thanks for that color. And then thinking about Wealth Management here, can you give maybe a little color? It's early, but on any potential impact from the Department of Labor proposal?
Ruth Porat: So, respect to the DOL proposal, it's still in the comment period' there are a number of open items to address. Based on our best interpretation of the proposal at this point, we don't expect a meaningful impact on our business. We do expect some changes in activity, and we do expect more compliance-related costs.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. And then I know the loan growth environment is sort of tough. But sequential loan growth slowed somewhat, and it looked like PLA slowed more than mortgage. Was there anything driving that, and should we ratchet down expectations for loan growth? Or was that more sort of like a single quarter type of a slowdown there?
Ruth Porat: Yes. Loan growth is still very much on plan, consistent with what James went through on the fourth quarter. We talked a lot about prudent loan grow. There is some seasonality with PLA in mortgages in the first quarter. But we have a healthy and diversified pipeline and expect it to continue to deliver steady prudent loan growth. The main point to talk about is two sizable franchises with diversified assets. We have ample opportunities for loan growth.
Brennan Hawken: Terrific. Last one from me. Any chance to quantify the legal charge in both overall firm and in the securities business?
Ruth Porat: No, we commented that non-comp expense was up a bit here due in part to legal; but we're not breaking it out.
Brennan Hawken: Okay.
James Gorman: The main takeaway on that is that the big legal stuff relating to the crisis we feel is behind us. We are dealing with some of the one-off smaller events as we move forward here.
Brennan Hawken: Thanks for that, James. Congrats to you, Ruth. Best of luck on your switch over to the left coast there.
Ruth Porat: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Carrier with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Michael Carrier: Ruth, one more on equities. And not really focused on the quarter but if I look over the last four or six quarters, it seems like the traction of the progress has just been continuous. And it's been pretty consistent across products, across geographies. I just want to get a sense, when you look at what's going on in the equity business and when you look at some of the pressures on the business and on the regulatory environment with clients, are you seeing more market share in areas where you guys are differentiating versus the customers or versus competitors? And is there any nuance between the high touch, the low touch or anything else? It just seems like the consistency in the traction has been very consistent across the past two years.
Ruth Porat: So we are of the view, and I've talked about this on prior calls, of the view that we're benefiting from a lot of investments in the business over many years. So it's back to early technology investments in the business that enable us to execute on behalf of clients in all market environments and do so on a cost efficient basis, where we're driving returns for stakeholders as well. It goes to the quality and content of the team, so that it very much is high tech, high touch and the breadth of the franchise. Talk about the nine box strategy because it's so core to way the team runs it, and with this maniacal focus within each box. But then as we talked about over many years now, a focus on what are the adjacencies, so that has we go deeper with clients in certain areas they go deeper with us. It is a very tightly run business, but its delivering results.
James Gorman: I'd just add to that, Mike, that remember coming out of the financial crisis our prime brokerage business clearly took a hit. And that is being rebuilt. I think over time, essentially gained share. The strength of that business has been a real additive. And secondly, these businesses do well in a large part because of the quality of the leadership team running them. And we've had a very stable and strong, deep leadership team running now [ph] these business for several years, and I think that makes a difference.
Michael Carrier: Okay. That's helpful. You have set out the ROE target, and you hit around that area this quarter. And, James, it sounds like when you talked about dialing up the risk, it wasn't one of those quarters where everything worked. There was obviously good progress, but it could've been better. I just want to get a sense of when you guys look at some of the things that can improve in terms of the Wealth Management pretax margin, things that you have control of, it still seems a little surprising when I think about a 10% ROE and then I look at your business. 20% is fixed income, and then 80% is equities, banking and wealth management and investment management. Things that we generally think of a higher ROE. When I think about going over the next couple quarters, years, besides the things that you have control of, are there other things on the capital side or the balance sheet side that will continue to boost that ROE? I know the ROTE is higher; it's around 12% versus the 10%. I just wanted to get your sense on what will be the drivers to improve that, besides the margin in the wealth management business.
James Gorman: Well, let me take a cut at that, and I'm sure Ruth will add on. Firstly, I think a lot of folks really haven't given much attention to the E part of this equation. When we started as a team five years ago, our E was around $40 billion; it's now around $68 billion, I think. So if we were still operating with the same equity we had five years ago, our ROE would actually be in the order of magnitude of 15%, our ROET well above that. So we've been through a major repositioning of this firm in the regulatory environment. The key has been to put ourselves in a position where we had enough capital, where we wouldn't be going, needing to go out and raise capital, accrete excess capital and so on. And ultimately, the test of that would be successful CCAR capital distributions. We've now had three years where we've lifted our dividend from $0.20 to $0.40, now $0.60 a year. Lifted our buyback from 500 to 1 billion to now 2.5 billion, and we expect to increase capital actions in the years ahead. The E part of this equation, I think, deserves a little bit of attention. On the R side, two things are going on. One, we have a very, very focused non-comp expense program we've had in process for a few years, which has a huge team here, led by Charlie Chasen here. They are very focused on that. We're not going to let go or let hold of the non-comp side. And on the comps side, it's pretty clear. We said the ISG comp to revenue ratio would be below 40%, and indeed it was. And we're bringing down the comp to revenue ratio for the other businesses as we build scale. Then you look at where the opportunities are, and they are many, frankly. We're not yet in a global economy which is by any means robust. The Wealth Management full transition to the managed product hasn't yet occurred. The bank loan products, we've still got tremendous capacity there. We haven't seen the interest rate hike, which we're going to get at some point in the future. The M&A and ECM businesses clearly will pick up as the global economies pickup, and I could go on with a long list. I'm giving a long answer because it's a complicated, multifaceted thing. But I would look at all of those, starting with the move to non-comp, the comp to revenue commitments, capital plans and then follow with the particular revenue drivers in each of the businesses that exist today and are likely to exist in the changing, high rate environment going forward.
Michael Carrier: Okay. Makes sense. Thanks a lot.
James Gorman: Sure.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Christian Bolu with Credit Suisse.
Christian Bolu: Good morning, James. Good morning, Ruth.
James Gorman: Morning.
Christian Bolu: James, on the regulatory environment, the SEC seems to be focused on the potential abuse of fee-based accounts, so-called reverse churning. Given Morgan Stanley's fee-based accounts have more than doubled since 2009, I'd be curious as to what kind of controls or checks you have in place to ensure the proper use of fee-based accounts at Morgan Stanley
James Gorman: Well, this is one of those questions which, depending on the environment, you could ask it one way or the other. A lot of people spend their time complaining about the churning on transaction type accounts, which is why the fee-based industry has really evolved. Where clients, certain clients, have wanted the certainty of knowing they pay one fee, and with that they either do none or as much transaction activity as they want to do. So it seems to me it would be a very natural market segmentation. There will be some clients for example, people with large restricted stock positions, which that would probably not be something they want to do. But from many others who want a more advice driven relationship, it obviously is. Whether its transaction activity or fee-based activity, we have an enormous compliance operation in our wealth management division, driven down to the branch level. Both at the personal touch level and also at the model-driven level, where we look for exceptions, which looks at suitability, concentration risk and all the other things that you would expect to make sure that the clients are properly served at the pricing that they're getting.
Christian Bolu: Okay. That’s helpful. A question on the tax strategy. I think tax benefit seems to be recurrent theme quarter after quarter. At a very high level, could you explain the firm's tax strategy and how we should conceptually think about any tax benefits going forward.
Ruth Porat: Well, this quarter was the result of a legal entity simplification consistent with resolution. We would still guide you to around 30% as the effective tax rate on a go-forward basis.
Christian Bolu: Okay, there's no wide tax strategy or anything in that nature we should think about?
Ruth Porat: No. As I said, this was legal entity simplification; and I guide you at 30%.
Christian Bolu: Okay. A couple of cleanup questions. On the M&A backlog, I believe you said it was up year over year. How does a look on a link quarter basis?
Ruth Porat: It is up year-over-year and that is the way we've been looking at it.
Christian Bolu: Okay. And then on the funding cost benefits, how should we think about the allocation between FIC and equities?
Ruth Porat: So, as we've talked about a number of calls, we allocate funding, balance sheet, liquidity based down to the product level. And it's really based on the asset mix, and so that's the real driver of it. We haven't broken that out, but it's going to benefit across sales and trading. And it's a nice tailwind that is increasingly building through 2016 year.
Christian Bolu: Okay. Thank you. And just lastly, like the sentiments of my peers, it's been a pleasure working with you, Ruth. You're definitely going to be missed.
Ruth Porat: Thank you very much.
Christian Bolu: Thank you.
James Gorman: I feel like all of you are going to start selling tick stocks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steven Chubak with Nomura.
Steven Chubak: Certainly pleased to see the ISG comp leverage really show through in the quarter in light of the revenue strength. I was just wondering how we should think about the comp leverage versus the full-year target of 39%, assuming you can actually deliver revenue growth for the full year?
Ruth Porat: So when we set the comp ratio, it's with a full-year outlook. So the 38% is the full-year outlook. Again, that's all things equal. That's the way it's set. We remain very committed to rewarding those who drive returns. And we think with the steps we've taken on comp structure and the operating leverage in the business, this is a full-year outlook -- again, all things equal.
Steven Chubak: Okay. And then maybe switching over to the capital side for a moment. We're certainly pleased to see the significant build in the leverage ratio in the quarter. When parsing the individual components of that ratio, it looks like the improvement was really driven by a reduction in SLR add-ons more so than anything else. And I was just wondering if you could speak to what the current level is of those SLR add-ons, and maybe how we should be thinking about sources of future mitigation potential.
Ruth Porat: Well from the benefit this quarter was really both numerator and denominator. You're absolutely right; in the denominator, we have work streams against all the various gross ups, and we had reductions in net long CDS sold. And we're benefiting from compression activity, which I would say industry wide has become more business as usual, which we think is a real positive. We were early on that, and it's good to see it has been broadly embraced. The numerator clearly benefited from earnings in our preferred issuance early in the quarter. So we remain focused on all of the items that are possible and logical for mitigation. Compression, as I said, but across the board, remain focused on ensuring that if we're using balance sheet, where we're using balance sheet. It continues to provide the kind of returns commensurate with the capital that's being required here. And so it's, again, a deep focus; but it's both a numerator and a denominator benefit.
Steven Chubak: Okay. Thanks, Ruth. And then just lastly on the Wealth Management side and specifically the new long-term deposit target of $200 billion, which Greg spoke to at a recent investor conference. In the past you've highlighted some metrics where maybe your under penetrated relative to peers to help drive future growth. And was hoping, in the context of this specific target, whether you could highlight any specific metrics which would support that additional growth towards that $200 billion.
Ruth Porat: Well, we've talked about, I say it so often, I'm sure you're tired of hearing it, but we're focused on prudent loan growth across both wealth management and institutional securities. We do believe we have meaningful upside from here, given the scale of the client base and the relative penetration, in particular in wealth management. We've talked about that. The $200 billion deposit target is really married to our expected loan demand over the next several years. And so the execution plan on deposit growth, as we looked at what is the loan potential given these two large franchises, the expectation for deposit growth was two phases. The contractual on boarding from city, and as I think you know, that ends this quarter, the second quarter of 2015, but we are in an excess deposit position. Our loan to deposit ratio is at 51%. And even if we load in standby liquidity to support loans, the ratio is at 74%. So we do have a nice runway before we need additional deposits to support loan growth. And then as we've talked about on the fourth-quarter call and as Greg commented on, we have substantial organic deposit growth opportunity given our client base. We still have a large portion of cash held away. But it's really calculated with a lens to what is the loan growth opportunity across Wealth Management and institutional securities. And we see quite of bit of opportunity from here against which we will execute over time, prudently, leading with credit risk management.
Steven Chubak: Okay. Thanks, Ruth. That's really helpful. And congrats on the new role and best of luck at future opportunity.
Ruth Porat: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Matthew O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Ruth Porat: Good morning.
Matthew O'Connor: You had mentioned earlier about long-term debt cost coming down and I think implied you're still early on in that process. Maybe if you could just size how much benefit you've had so far from that and try and shape how much opportunity is still in front of us.
Ruth Porat: Well, as we indicated from peak financing costs to end of 2016, it's down about 25%. And the benefit comes in as we refinance debt that was issued post crisis, given our credit spreads are meaningfully tighter. And so as we see more of that we refinance, the greater the benefits. That's why it lags in over time.
Matthew O'Connor: And do you have what the blended rate of your long-term debt is, the $155 billion?
Ruth Porat: I don't have that with me.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay.
Ruth Porat: It's in the filings, I don't have it with me.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay. But just I mean, conceptually, are we halfway through - your spreads have been coming in quite a bit, market rates have been coming down, even just the past year here so. I think there's still additional opportunity to bring those rates down.
Ruth Porat: There is a decent opportunity. Some of the debt that we refinanced was put on pre-crisis, and so we've only recently begun to tap into that portion of it that was put on post crisis. At a certain point, it was actually more of a headwind. It's been turning recently to become a tailwind, and that's why we called it out when we did. We delayed to call it out and at the point at which we were starting, not to refinance the early 2000 debt, but what was put on post crisis. That's why it's a delayed benefit here. Delayed posts are the contraction we've seen in our credit spreads.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay. That makes sense. All right, thank you.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jim Mitchell with Buckingham Research.
James Mitchell: Hey, good morning. Just maybe a follow-up on the capital question. You are substantially above on your common equity tier 1 ratio; but on the SLR, you're just slightly above the minimum. How do you think about the interplay of the leverage versus the common equity, to a point where you can start to return even more of the common equity to maximize returns? Is there a lot more to go on the denominator in the leverage ratio, or does it mean potentially more preferred to maximize shareholder returns? How do you think about that dynamic over time, and what kind of a cushion do you think you need on the SLR?
Ruth Porat: So, I've already answered part of it in response to an earlier question which is, we've talked frequently about the way to maximize return and capital over the longer term is to have steady increases. No discontinuous moves in the request for return of capital. And we're very pleased to have the ability this year, at the $3.1 billion share repurchase over the five quarter period and the dividends up 50%. So when we look at the requirement, there are clearly a number of them. Interest rate capital, it's SLR, it's the CCAR process itself, it's how you think about the stress losses. SLR obviously was not in CCAR in the last round. But we have a forward-looking lens as we think about the business, where we consider all of those factors. And as we looked to optimize the opportunity across the franchise, both from a returns perspective and the ability to return capital, we look through each one of those lenses. At this point though, as I said, SLR hasn't been included in the CCAR that would govern how much we can return. But that obviously hasn't stopped us implementing strong work streams to mitigate the gross up in the denominator, as we've already talked about on this call. We look at all. You have to look at all; you can't just tip to one versus the other. Again, it's with a lens that we want to ensure we're providing balance sheet capital behind client activity and doing it in the most constructive way. But it's complicated. There's no question with the multiplicity of requirements. But that's what we've been managing against.
James Mitchell: So hear but on the CCAR, your constraining factors were more of the tier 1 ratio's, right, the leverage the total capital? So I'm just trying to get a sense. Do you think there's a lot more to do on the denominator side or do you think it would make more sense to issue more preferred to deal with that? Or do you think you have enough time to make more efficiencies on the balance sheet side? That's what I'm just trying to get at
Ruth Porat: Okay, sorry. On that, part of it is the CCAR process itself. We were pleased this year that on one input to the overall calculation, PP&R, the estimate by the Federal Reserve increased. We believe that reflects the greater consistency we have in earnings. We put a lot of effort behind trying to clarify that, and we're pleased that it picked up. And when you look at what were some of the things that took the total capital calculation lower, the leverage lower, there was a difference between estimates firm and Federal Reserve on balance sheet growth or RWAs over the period. And our view is that the test is a learning process, even though there's not that much transparency in it and that it's really about addressing some of those elements of it. So that's one component, trying to narrow the gap between the Federal Reserve's estimate and the firm's estimate on things like balance sheet growth. You know, is the fair value firm and we don't see that kind of balance sheet growth. And then on the second part of it, of course ensuring we are being very clinical and direct on balance sheet use in other elements of it. We look at all preferred and sub debt as ways to optimize capital over time, and we'll continue to do so. We've been doing that for the last couple of years.
James Gorman: Just think about where we've come from. The SLR, we're at about 4.2%; a year ago, we were at 5.1%. With some of the actions we took, we intentionally depleted our capital in the last several months, including the charge relating to the Attorney General action, Department of Justice, and the charge related to our deferrals. The good news is we're above 5% now. We have several years to stave up 5%. We have several years to work the balance sheet and, as necessary, use preferred securities. So we have a long runway to keep this in motion, and we're pretty confident we can stay above 5% and do the things that Ruth talked about.
James Mitchell: Absolutely. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Just a couple quick follow ups here. So on the bank and strong loan demand, is it reasonable to think that you could skew more towards loans than you presented? I think you've given roughly 60% loans as a percent of assets by 2016 end. Is that the optimal mix; or, if the demand is there, could we see that mix look more lending heavy?
Ruth Porat: Just 13 weeks ago, James refreshed our outlook on the six-point plan and provided we added another year on the bank outlook to give you a sense of the asset mix. And the real point of doing that was so that you could model, when you expect a rate increase. We're giving you our outlook on asset mix, and there's no updates there on what was reviewed last quarter.
Devin Ryan: Okay. All right, great. And then just coming back to the strength in EMEA in the quarter. It sounds like that was more trading heavy in the trading businesses. Were there any specific areas that really experienced improvement? Does that tone of activity still feel good, and do you see that spilling into other businesses?
Ruth Porat: I've indicated it was in both equities and in fixed income in macro products. But as I noted, it was not just Europe. We saw a focus on the opportunity in Asia as well. It's an early start to the quarter here. As we typically say at this point, a couple of weeks is not a quarter.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Thanks very much.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matt Burnell: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Ruth, I wanted to focus one more question on the debt opportunity and specifically on the legacy trust to preferreds that you have outstanding. I think your plan previously was to potentially redeem most, if not all, of those this year. I'm wondering what the timing is on that based on your CCAR results this past go around?
Ruth Porat: We did include the redemption of trust in CCAR because it's expensive relative to where it stands today. The rules are complicated, but we do remain focused on eliminating the drag. That was the piece we withdrew. We did not change our requested return of capital. The $3.1 billion share repurchase and the dividend increase of 50% weren't altered. And we're pleased to attest qualitatively.
Matt Burnell: Okay. And then just in terms of investment banking trends, obviously very strong quarter across the franchise in trading. To James's earlier point, you're not hitting on all cylinders, and banking within ISG was a little bit less strong. Can you give us some color as to your outlook as to the potential opportunities or strengths within EMEA and Asia, specifically within the banking business?
James Gorman: I think firstly, just looking at the banking franchise, it's a terrific franchise. We actually had a strong quarter; some others had very strong quarters, all power to them. We have a good pipeline. Obviously, it's a lumpier business in any 13-week period than some of the other businesses, so you're going to expect a little more bouncing around. No concerns there. We are seeing a pickup in Europe. Asia has been slow. Japan was a little slow earlier in the year, but we're starting to see some cross-border activity there. Well-positioned strong franchises in Japan and China. So I think the outlook remains very firm.
Matt Burnell: Okay. Thanks very much.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
James Gorman: I think that brings this call to an end. I just wanted to take a moment to thank our dear friend Ruth, wish her well. I'm also sorry to see the analysts are now moving to the West Coast, following her. We'll have to pick up some others over here. But on a more serious note, she's been a great partner. Has sat in the office next to me for five years, and done a terrific job in helping get this firm back from the depths of the financial crisis. And it takes a great team. Ruth had a great team working with her. She followed also a terrific CFO, who helped us navigate the crisis during extraordinarily stressful period, Tom Kelleher. And she now precedes another new CFO, as I said John Pruzan, who I think will also be terrific. And throughout it all, we've had a deputy CFO that many of you have not heard on these calls, but has been in many of the meetings. Paul Wirth has been an extraordinary able and steady hand now through the last three CFOs we've had at this firm, so great team. Thank you Ruth. We wish you well. And don't forget us. We're going to leave Ruth with something to remind her of Morgan Stanley, not that she would ever forget us. But we wish her the best. Thanks, everybody, for a good call.
Ruth Porat: Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-11-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Cataldo - Treasurer Tom Faust - Chairman and CEO Laurie Hylton - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Robert Lee - KBW Chris Shutler - William Blair Dan Fannon - Jefferies Bill Katz - Citigroup Ken Worthington - J.P. Morgan Michael Carrier - Bank of America Greggory Warren - Morningstar
Operator: Good morning. My name is Connor, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Eaton Vance live Audio Webcast and Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Release. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer. [Operator Instructions] We ask that you limit yourself to one question with one follow-up question. Thank you. Dan Cataldo, Treasurer. You may begin your conference.
Dan Cataldo: Thank you. And welcome to the Eaton Vance Corp. 2014 fiscal fourth quarter earnings call and webcast. With me this morning are Tom Faust, Chairman and CEO of Eaton Vance; and Laurie Hylton, our CFO. We will first comment on the quarter and then we will take your questions. The full earnings release and the chart we will refer to during the call are available on our website eatonvance.com under the heading Press Release. Today’s presentation contains forward-looking statements about our business and financial results. The actual results may differ materially from those projected due to risks and uncertainties in our business including but not limited to those discussed in our SEC filings. These filings including our 2013 annual report and Form 10-K are available on our website on request at no charge. I’ll now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Faust: Good morning. October 31st mark the end of our fourth quarter and fiscal 2014. In a number of important respects, this was a year of transition and investment for Eaton Vance. We hired Eddie Perkin to lead Eaton Vance Management’s Equity Group and had one of our best equity performance years in recent history. We shifted the leadership responsibilities with our Municipal Income Group and here again, had one of the best performance periods we have had in recent years. At Parametric, we completed the transition to an Integrated Institutional Sales and Marketing Group covering all Parametric’s strategies and saw nearly 30% annual growth in the businesses of the former Clifton Group acquired at the end of 2012. Within our broader sales organization, we focused attention on developing four major emerging growth franchises for which we see significant near-term and long-term potential, multi-sector income, municipal bond latters, Clifton Defensive Equity and Richard Bernstein-subadvised funds. Across these strategies we saw managed assets increase from $3.3 billion to $9.2 billion in fiscal 2014, a gain of approximately 175%. And finally, perhaps, most significant of all, we advanced our exchange traded managed fund initiative to the brink of SEC approval. As many of you are aware, on November 6th and 7th, we announced three landmark developments for exchange traded managed funds. The SEC is issuing notice of its intent to grant Eaton Vance exemptive relief to permit the offering of exchange traded managed funds, SEC approval of the new NASDAQ rule governing the listing and trading of exchange traded managed funds and finally, the selection of NextShares as the branding of exchange traded managed funds. When -- when CEOs described recently completed fiscal years as periods of transition and investment, it usually means that the company's business and financial results did not need expectations. I am pleased to report that was not the case for Eaton Vance in 2014. Adjusted earnings per diluted share of $2.48 for fiscal 2014 as a whole and $0.68 in the fourth quarter were both new records of 19% and 24%, respectively, over the year ago periods. And thanks to solid revenue growth and diligent cost control, our fiscal year operating margins advanced year-over-year from 33.4% to 35.8%. On the capital management front, over the course of fiscal 2014, we spent $322 million to repurchase and retire 8.5 million shares of stock, including 2.5 million shares repurchased in the fourth quarter at the cost of $94 million. The average cost of shares repurchased during the fiscal year was $37.86 a share. In addition to maintaining an active share repurchase program, we also increased our quarterly dividend in the fourth quarter by 14% to $0.25 a share. The increase marks the 34th consecutive year that the company has raised its regular quarterly dividend, which is growing at a compound annual rate of 18% over that period. We finished the year on very sound financial footing, with $541 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term debt securities held and a seed investment portfolio of $274 million. This compares to outstanding debt of $575 million, $250 million of which comes due in 2017 and the balance in 2023. Turning to our business results, we finished the year with record managed assets of $297.7 billion, up 6% from a year ago. Thanks to the strong fourth quarter for Parametrics Customize Exposure Management business, we finished the year with consolidated net inflows of $2.8 billion, our 19th consecutive year of positive net flows. Looking at just the fourth quarter, we had consolidated net inflows of $6.8 billion, which breaks down a $7.8 billion of exposure management inflows and $1 million -- $1 billion of net outflows from other strategies. In addition to exposure management, we saw positive quarterly net flows for municipal income, multi-sector income, tax managed core, emerging markets equities and defensive equity. Quarterly outflows were concentrated in large-cap value, floating rate income, global income and Atlanta Capital equities. While our overall net flows outside exposure management were negative in the fourth quarter, we did see about $1 billion of improvement from the third quarter for reasons I will discuss shortly, we expect to continue this improving trend in fiscal 2015. Returning to a full year view, our fiscal 2014 flow headwinds came primarily from three areas, large-cap value with $5 billion of net outflows, global income which had net outflows of $3.4 billion and Atlanta Capital with net outflows of $2.3 billion. Bank loan flows were positive $900 million for the fiscal year as a whole, but were minus $1.4 billion in the third quarter and a somewhat better minus $1.1 billion in the fourth quarter. Municipal income net flows started the year poorly, but got progressively better as the year advanced, minus $1 billion in the first quarter, plus $100 million in the second quarter, plus $450 million in the third quarter and plus $700 million in the fourth quarter. Looking forward to fiscal 2014, there are number of reasons why I'm upbeat about our flow prospects. To begin, I don't believe we will see the same magnitude of net outflows from the franchisor that hampered our 2014 flow results and I expect the number of our other franchise to make meaningful contributions to net flows. Much of my optimism is based on our significantly improving investment performance across equity, income and alternative investment areas, including a number of strategies that are now fully competitive in categories garnering significant flows across the industry. Overall, 72% of our fund assets are in funds that have Morningstar ratings of four or five stars for at least one class of shares. One area where we've seen dramatic improvement is an equity fund performance. Over the past year, 75% of our equity fund assets have beaten their Lipper peer group averages. Eddie Perkin took over leadership of our Equity Group this spring and has implemented a series of process enhancements that I am confident will continue to payoff with solid performance overtime. Our fixed income and alternative funds have also had impressive performance, with over 90% of fund assets beating their Lipper peer group averages. Municipal bond funds continued to garner investment flows across the industry and we're fully participating in this trend, financial advisors or investors are taking note of our excellent performance across the Board in munis, including 21 national and single state municipal bond funds now rated four or five stars. As I mentioned earlier, global income strategies were significant drag on net inflows in 2014, particularly in the first half of the year. We have every expectation that this will reverse in fiscal 2015. The investment performance of our suite of global income products has turned sharply upward, offering returns that beat the performance of many competitors to whom we have been losing share. With better numbers it should be our turn to shine in 2015. Among the funds included in our global income franchise is Short Duration Strategic Income Fund, which competes in the Morningstar Short-Term Bond Fund Category. Short-term bond is one of the top-selling asset classes in the industry and our performance here is excellent. The Class A and Class I shares of this fund are in the top 5% of their Morningstar peer group over one, five and three years and are both rated five stars. While hardly a new story, it's a story that we’re increasingly introducing to financial advisors as a focus opportunity. In addition to the improved investment performance and established franchises, this year we made great progress building out the four emerging franchises that I mentioned previously, growing assets nearly $6 billion, or 175%. While it will be difficult to keep these growth rates on a percentage basis, we continue to believe that each of these four new franchises can grow at accelerated rates through 2015 and beyond. To the extent we see opportunities to expand our product offerings within each of these emerging franchises, we are doing it. We recently launched a sister product to the Eaton Vance Bond Fund for the variable annuity market and also recently launched the Eaton Vance Bond Fund II. Like our flagship Bond Fund, Bond Fund II is managed by a team led by Kathleen Gaffney. However, Bond Fund II will not make significant equity investments. We believe this more pure approach could further broaden the appeal of this high-performing rapidly developing franchise. Although Bond Fund II was launched just this month, Kathleen and her team have been managing a separate account under the same strategy for over year and have achieved an excellent investment performance record. We also continue to build out the product lineup within the Richard Bernstein-subadvised franchise, which includes the four-star Morningstar-rated equity strategy and all asset strategy funds. In September, we launched the Richard Bernstein Market Opportunities Fund a long, short all asset fund and we also just started representing the Richard Bernstein-advised ETF models in the major wire houses. Turning to the floating-rate franchise, retail net outflows continued in the fourth quarter for both us and our industry. Consistent with the last quarter, our negative retail flows were partially offset by positive net flows from institutional clients. We believe that the negative retail settlement will abate when the retail market refocuses on the prospects of higher interest rates. Institutional investors clearly recognized the value proposition and protection against interest rate risk that floating-rate loans can provide. We are hopeful that retail investors will return to this understanding sooner rather than later in 2015. Before I turn to the topic of NextShares, I want to spend a moment reviewing results for our Seattle-based subsidiary, Parametric, which continues to be a growth engine inside Eaton Vance. In fiscal 2014, Parametric's managed assets grew 16% to $136 billion, a 10% organic growth rate, contributing meaningfully to our consolidated earnings as well. I know Parametric’s businesses can be confusing, but you should think of them as offering two broad product lines, engineered alpha strategies which comprised $34.6 billion of their $136 billion of AUM and implementation services, which represent the balance. In 2014, engineered alpha strategies led by emerging markets and defensive equities generated net flows of $1.4 billion or an organic growth rate of 5%. Implementation services is made up of our capabilities, tax-managed core, centralized portfolio management, specialty index, and customized exposure management, led by exposure management and Parametric’s implementation services business with the fastest growing part of Eaton Vance in fiscal 2014, with organic growth of 12%. While not generating as high as management fee as our other strategies about 11 basis points on average, implementation services operate at attractive margins and Parametric is among the market leaders across the range of its implementation service capabilities. Heading into 2015, the pipeline for a number of Parametric engineered alpha and implementation services strategies is looking very strong. I'll close with an update on our NextShares exchange traded managed fund’s initiative. As many of you know, NextShares is our proposed new type of open-end fund, combining features and benefits of actively managed mutual funds and ETFs. Like active mutual funds, NextShares seek to outperform their benchmark index and peer funds by applying the managers’ investment insights and research judgments. Like ETFs, NextShares will utilize an exchange traded structure with built-in performance and tax-advantages. Differed from ETFs, NextShares would not disclose their portfolio holdings on a daily basis to preserve the confidentiality of trading information. NextShares will be bought and sold on an exchange utilizing a new trading protocol called NAV-based trading in which all bids, offers and trade executions are directly linked to the fund’s next end-of-day net asset value. This new trading approach should ensure that NextShares can be bought and sold with trading costs that are consistently low and fully transparent in a manner not available for ETFs. As mentioned previously, there were two favorable regulatory developments for NextShares earlier this month, which we believe should position us to introduce the first of this pioneering new fund type in the second quarter of next year. As previously disclosed, our Navigate Fund Solutions subsidiary holds a series of NextShares related patents that we are seeking to commercialize by licensing to Eaton Vance and other fund groups. Our focus with NextShares over the coming months is threefold, first completing the regulatory approval process, second ensuring market readiness for the launch of the first NextShares funds just targeted for the second quarter of next year, and third signing other fund groups as Navigate license fees and supporting them through the regulatory process. Over the 2.5 week since receiving our SEC news, we have been extremely pleased with the marketplace response and the widespread interest expressed by other fund companies. We continue to view NextShares as a significant advance in the evolution of fund investing, a forward leap for active management and a major opportunity for Eaton Vance. With that, I will turn the call over to Laurie to discuss the quarterly financial results in more detail.
Laurie Hylton: Thank you, and good morning. As Tom mentioned, we are reporting adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.68 for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, compared to $0.55 for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013 and $0.63 for the third quarter of this fiscal year. This represents an increase of 24% over the fourth quarter of last year and an increase of 8% sequentially. On a GAAP basis, we earned $0.66 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, $0.45 in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013 and $0.63 in the third quarter of this fiscal year. As you can see in attachment two to our press release, adjustments from reported GAAP earnings in the fourth quarters of fiscal 2014 and 2013 primarily reflect changes in the estimated redemption value of non-controlling interest in our affiliate that are redeemable at other than fair value. Results for the full fiscal year were also strong with adjusted earnings per diluted share increasing 19% to $2.48 in fiscal 2014 from $2.08 a year ago. The $0.04 of adjustments from our $2.44 at fiscal 2014 GAAP earnings per diluted share again primarily reflects changes in the estimated redemption value of non-controlling interest in our affiliates. Operating income in the fourth quarter increased to 11% year-over-year and 6% sequentially on modest revenue growth. Prudent cost management and lower variable compensation costs drove our operating margin up to 37.8% in the fourth quarter fiscal 2014 from 35.1% in the fourth quarter of last year and 35.7% last quarter. On the strength of those operating results, adjusted net income for the fourth quarter increased 19% year-over-year and 7% sequentially. Results for fiscal 2014 as a whole mirrored our fourth quarter experience. Operating income increased 15% on revenue growth of 7%, with our operating margin improving to 35.8% for the full fiscal year from 33.4% a year ago. Adjusted net income was up 18% and adjusted earnings per diluted share were up 19%. Our fourth quarter revenue increased 3% year-over-year, reflecting a 4% increase in investment advisory administrative fees, partially offset by modest declines in distribution and service fee revenues. Looking specifically at investment advisory administrative fees, the 4% increase year-over-year reflects an 8% increase in average assets under management, offset by decline in our effective investment advisory fee rate. The decline in our effective investment advisory fee rates were 44 basis points in the fourth quarter of last year to 43 basis points this quarter, can be primarily attributed to strong growth in Parametric exposure management business, which operates at fee rates well below corporate averages. The impact of the change in product mix more than offset the increase in performance fees, which were $6.3 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 and $3.4 million in the fourth quarter last year. We’ve not seen any significant changes in our mandate level effective fee rates, either year-over-year or sequentially and would not anticipate that we would see any significant changes in those rates as we move into the new fiscal year. That said, product mix continues to be the most significant determine of our overall effective fee rate and as we've seen, any meaningful changes in product mix going forward could certainly impact our overall rate over time. Shifting from revenue to expense, operating expenses were down 1% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, compared to the same quarter last year, reflecting decreases in variable compensations and fund-related expenses, offset by fairly modest increases in distribution-related expenses and other discretionary spending. Operating expenses decreased 3% sequentially reflecting single digit percentage decreases in compensations, distribution and fund-related expenses, partially offset by a 2% increase in other discretionary spending. Compensation expense decreased 2% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, compared to the same quarter last year, reflecting decreases in sales and operating income based incentives and stock-based comp, partially offset by increases in base salaries and benefits due to a 5% increase in average headcount. The 6% decrease in compensation expense sequentially can be primarily attributed to decreases in operating income based incentives and stock-based compensation. Looking at the full fiscal year, sales-based incentives were down 15%, reflecting the decrease in retail sales. Operating income-based incentives were up 6% driven by the increase in operating income and fixed compensation cost, which primarily includes base benefits, taxes and stock-based compensation were up 7%, consistent with the 7% increase in average headcount for the year. Looking forward to the first quarter of fiscal 2015 will likely see a sequential increase in total compensation due to typical seasonal compensation pressures, base increases take effect, payroll tax clocks reset, 401(k) contributions are matched and accrual rates for operating income based incentive are expected to increase. As a result, I anticipate the total compensation in the first quarter of fiscal 2015 would represent closer to 32% to 33% of revenue, as we saw in the first quarter of fiscal 2014, as opposed to the 30% we reported this quarter. This increase will obviously have a dampening effect on our sequential operating trends as well. Distribution and service fee expenses increased marginally in the fourth quarter over the same period a year ago and were largely flat sequentially, reflecting relative stability and assets under management subject to these fees. Fund-related expenses were down 13% year-over-year and down 3% sequentially, reflecting lower fund subsidies and other fund-related expenses, partially offset by an increase in sub-advisory expenses driven by growth in sponsored funds managed by unaffiliated subadvisors. Other operating expenses were up 3% in the fourth quarter over the same period a year ago and up 2% sequentially, primarily reflecting increases in travel and information technology spending related to investment management systems projects. Gross and other operating expenses was limited to 6% percent for the full fiscal year, reflecting increases in same spending categories. I would note that our overall cost structure includes approximately $4 million of costs in fiscal 2014, or roughly $0.02 of adjusted earnings per diluted share that we would attribute to our efforts to garner SEC approval on bring NextShares to market. Although we’ve not finalized our NextShares spending plans for fiscal 2015, I would anticipate that our spending on this initiative will approximately double from the $4 million spend in fiscal 2014. Net income and gains on seed capital investments contributed roughly a penny to earnings in each of the last two quarters of fiscal 2014, with no impact on earnings in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013. When quantifying the impact of our new seed capital investments on earnings each quarter, we take into consideration our pro rata share of the gains, losses and other investment income earned on investments in sponsored products whether accounted for as consolidated funds, separate accounts or equity method investments as well as the gains and losses recognized on derivatives used to hedge these investments. We then report the per share impact net of non-controlling interest expense and income taxes. Changes in quarterly equity of net income of affiliates both year-over-year and sequentially reflect changes in net income and gains recognized on sponsored products accounted for under the equity method. Our 49% interest in Hexavest, which is reported net of tax and the amortization of intangibles in equity and net income affiliates contributed approximately $0.02 per diluted share for all quarterly periods presented. Excluding the affects of CLO entity earnings and losses, our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 was 36.7% 38.5% in the third quarter of fiscal 2014, and 39.3% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013. We currently anticipate that our effective tax rate adjusted for CLO earnings and losses will be approximately 38%, as we move into the new fiscal year. In terms of capital management, we repurchased 2.5 million shares of non-voting common stock for approximately $94.1 million in the fourth quarter. When combined with prior quarters repurchases, this brought both our average diluted share count and ending shares outstanding for the fourth quarter down by 3%, compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013. Even with the significant share repurchases, we finished the fiscal year holding just over $540 million of cash and short-term debt securities and approximately $274 million in seed capital investment. Cash balances will go down in the first quarter, as we pay out operating income based incentives and fund our annual profit-sharing contribution. Our outstanding debt consists of $250 million of 6.5% senior notes due in 2017 and $325 million of 3.625% senior notes due in 2023. We also have a new $300 million, five-year line of credit, which we entered into in October to replace our previous three-year line that was due to expire in fiscal 2015. The line is currently undrawn. Given our strong cash flow, liquidity and overall financial condition, we believe we are well-positioned to continue to return capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. This concludes our prepared comments. At this point, we’d like to take any question you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW. Your line is open.
Robert Lee: Thanks. Good morning everyone.
Laurie Hylton: Good morning.
Tom Faust: Rob, good morning.
Robert Lee: Hi. Tom, I have a question on the ETMF. I’m just trying to -- if I think ahead a couple quarters and you have your products up and running mid-year, call it, how do you envision your sales force, your wholesalers marketing that? If you have just as an example, let's say you have one of the Richard Bernstein products in an ETMF form, are you expecting that your own marketing people will be shifting their focus to that versus say a more traditional structure? I mean, how do you think about managing that internally as you ramp up -- not a competing structure, but a different structure?
Tom Faust: Yeah. Okay. I think that’s pretty straight forward. We offer most of our mutual fund products almost all of them in a multi-class structure where we have institutional share classroom where there is no front or back end sales load and no 12b-1 distribution fees. We also have A shares, which have typically a 25 basis point distribution service fee and sometimes offered with a front end load, then more commonly that is waived. And then our third most common class of shares is C shares which has a 100 -- no front end load, 1% CDSC, if redeemed within 12 months but ongoing 1% of distribution and service payment. Where we see NextShares is fitting in, as being competitive with what we call Class I or institutional class shares. That represents about two thirds of our business today in terms of flows. So what I would expect is that, if the example is the Richard Bernstein -- if the Eaton Vance Richard Bernstein Equity Strategy Fund that we would offer, we would continue to offer the mutual fund with multiple share classes and alongside that, we would offer the new NextShares version of that same strategy. I would expect little or no movement of assets from the Class C shares, potential sales of Class C shares from the mutual fund to the NextShares version, maybe some but probably not much Class A activity would move to the new version. But I think it is reasonable to expect that significant percentage of what would've been the Class I shares sales of the mutual fund to shift to NextShares which we expect to have a lower expense ratio. We expect also to have incrementally higher returns in addition to the lower expenses based on the way the funds are structured and the way the funds are effectively sheltered from the cost of accommodating inflows and outflows and the expected higher tax efficiency. So we would expect that that much of the activity in terms of new sales will shift from the mutual fund to the NextShares version of the same strategy. We will not stop marketing the mutual fund. There will be some customers that would take a wait-and-see attitude to see how this new type of fund structure shakes out. But we expect to certainly to put a significant focus on selling the new version alongside the existing product. Of the 18th strategies that we have announced as where we intend to offer NextShares, 17 of those are effectively clones of existing top Eaton Vance mutual funds. We expect from a compensation perspective, which maybe you are getting towards your question, also to compensate our wholesalers on a similar basis, not exactly the same, similar. Although NextShares will be exchange traded products and where we will not be able to track gross sales on the same basis that we’re able to track mutual fund sales. We do expect through most, if not all, broker-dealer systems to get data that would allow us to track growth in the fund assets on a territory-by-territory basis. And we use that -- we use that as the way to compensate our salespeople.
Robert Lee: Okay. Thank you. That’s helpful. Just maybe as a follow-up for Laurie, I appreciate the color on comp as we look forward. Just trying to get maybe a little bit more granular feel. So if we think that 32% to 33% range next quarter, how much -- how should we be thinking that the piece of that is kind of the seasonal impact that will -- as we think through next year that will kind of fade away, all else equal. Is it $5 million, is it one or two points in that. Just trying to get a feel for how we should think of that comp ratio at this point for the full year, next year?
Laurie Hylton: Yes, Rob. We generally speaking in the first quarter have fixed compensation costs that kick in. I think I referenced specifically on the call. But I think that you are probably somewhere in the tune to $1.5 million to maybe $2 million in total. And those are the things that we talked about in terms of -- we've got pace increases, we’ve got 401(k) matching that happens in the first quarter, payroll clocks reset, all of that, all of that happens. Likely, we are hopeful there will also be some impact from variables compensation as we hopefully see growth sales pick up again in the first quarter. I can’t quantify what that’s going to look like as we don’t know what the growth sales picture will look like. And then we also picked 10-Q in the first quarter, reset our operating income based bonus accruals. So we wouldn’t anticipate those are going to pick up significantly but we would anticipate there will be some pick up. I don’t have specific numbers to give you at this point. I think I would prefer not to give that kind of guidance. But I would anticipate that in total our compensation as a percentage of revenue will pick up by one or two percentage points in the first quarter.
Robert Lee: Great. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Shutler with William Blair. Your line is open.
Chris Shutler: Hey guys. Good morning. On the floating rate assets, looks like the issue in the quarter was just the lower gross sales. But maybe just to confirm, there were no large kind of platform issues like last quarter. And then what do you think ultimately need to happen for the retail side there to stabilize?
Tom Faust: Yeah. So there were no -- you're correct, there were no big platform reallocations. I think the thing we’re seeing as you observed were continued steady positive flows on the institutional side and maybe a diminishing of retail interest has expressed more in lower gross sales than higher redemption. What I think is happening now is that institutional investors are perhaps more mindful of the fact that the 10 point interest rates are going to go off and that when that happens, there's a significant performance -- portfolio benefit are being diversified of not having only fixed rate income assets but also having floating-rate income assets. That was a lesson that retail investors were sharply reminded of in the first half of 2013 when our rates started to move up pretty quickly since rates have comeback down that less than it’s moved to the back up of -- I suspect many retail investors mind. But nonetheless like the institutional investors that continue to put money into this asset class, my own view is that it's inevitable that at some point we will start to see upward movement in interest rates. And so what I think will be required to get retail flows into bank loans moving again in a significant way upward from where they are today is something some catalyst that causes either investors or financial visors to be reminded that yes there is interest rate risk and that the best defense against interest rate risk is moving a significant portion of the client assets from fixed rate to floating rate. I don’t have a crystal ball as to when that’s going to happen, but I think it will happen. It could happen soon depending on what happens with the economy. But I think that’s likely to be the trigger.
Chris Shutler: All right. Thanks, Tom. And then on multi-sector bond, just hoping to get an update there in terms of progress on getting onto additional retail platforms and just the -- how the institutional pipeline looks for that product?
Tom Faust: So you’re talking about our bond fund?
Chris Shutler: Correct.
Dan Cataldo: Yes, so we have, Chris, start over the past few quarters about appending funding that we expect to see in the near future. We’re still waiting for that. So we’re optimistic we will see that. I know institutional group has been talking to the clients and the consultants about the product. And as we’ve said in prior quarters, many of the institutions do want to wait to see the three-year performance record, not all. I mean we don't need to hit three years to have the conversation. So we're hopeful that as Kathleen keeps up her excellent performance that we will continue to gain traction there. And I do believe we have pretty broad coverage on the retail platforms at this point for the municipal bond fund. I think an interesting thing to keep an eye out for there is our progress on the Eaton Vance Bond Fund II. As Tom mentioned that product is more pure play on multi-sector income without an allocation to equity than we did hear from the market, particularly institutional that that would be something that they're looking for. So still everything was very positive there. And we would expect to not only build out the -- increase the assets in bond fund but also build out the franchise with them. These are the products.
Chris Shutler: All right. Thanks Dan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Tom, if you could expand a little bit more on the initial feedback you've heard on the ETMF product. And maybe how we should think about the potential signing up of licensee clients, is that something you will be announcing we should hear from? Is it going to come after the second quarter once it's officially announced or we should potentially get some of that ahead of the official launch?
Tom Faust: Yeah. Now we would expect -- we will see activity, I would hope significant activity well before that launch in the second quarter. We are quite busy, Stephen Clarke, who runs this initiative for us. I know yesterday was traveling and had meetings with four different fund companies, he told me and spoke to a fifth via conference call. So there's a lot of activity, lots of interest in the space. In some cases, this is a relatively new store. We might have had one or two preliminary meetings but we didn't really get fund committees attention until we got this positive news from the SEC a couple weeks ago. So in some cases, its people moving quickly from a relatively undeveloped state of understanding of the potential opportunity here. In quite a few other cases, however, we've been talking seriously for a number of months, in some cases over a year where we think those companies can move quickly to do two things one -- two things that we’re asking fund companies to do. One is to sign a term sheet with us, which effectively puts in place the broad outlines of our potential agreement on the economic terms of our licensing arrangement. And the second equally important is to file exemptive applications getting themselves in line with the SEC. As we mentioned, couple of weeks ago when we have the call on announcing the next year news, the process that the SEC has prescribed for how licensee can -- should file an exemptive application is designed to be extremely efficient, that is essentially what a licensee has to do, is represent that they will agree to abide by the terms and conditions of the Eaton Vance exemptive order. So rather than the process of filing exemptive order be a potentially multi-month process involving extensive use of outside counsel and producing a document that might be 40 to 60 pages. This is a simplified process that would certainly be done in-house at little or no cost that involves up four to six page document that more or less says, these are the fund that we would initially propose to introduce. We would like this really to apply to both those funds, as well as future funds, we might introduce in the future. And all of these funds would rely on the terms and conditions of the Eaton Vance order. So we view that as extremely important in the development. The SEC embracing this approach in the timeline for not only signing up licensees because it's not a big commitment of resources for them to sign a term sheet and get inline with the SEC. And then second, even more important, this also should greatly speed up the timeframe in which other fund companies are bringing out products to market. So we are very busy. We would expect us to sign up firms possibly this month but we think there's a good chance as certainly before the end of our first fiscal quarter, which is at the end of January that we’ll have announcement. Some of these may come to light by virtue of a press release announced either by us or by the fund company that’s the licensee or it may just be in the form of an exemptive application that gets filed, that would indicate that they are filing for relief and are licensing Eaton Vance technology and are relying on the terms and conditions of our order. So we’re very busy there and certainly, quite hopeful that there will be significant activity over the coming weeks.
Dan Fannon: Great. And I think you mentioned on the previous call a study that you guys had done and wondering if that's been released about the cash drag. I think that's what it's focused on and the impact that has on performance. If I think about it in a down market, isn't the cash drag a helpful component to performance?
Tom Faust: Sure. So there is the study, which we’ve concluded and are releasing on a selective basis primarily, focused on getting that in the hands of potential licensees. The study identifies four primary costs of mutual funds that would either be eliminated or substantially eliminated by moving to the structure. One of those, the most straightforward is probably, one distribution fees which of course don't exist for institutional share classes but across all fund classes, I think average something like 40 basis points on an equal weighted basis and around 15 basis points asset weighted. So no 12b-1 distribution fees for NextShares. If you're comparing NextShares to the institutional share class of mutual funds that cost savings effectively doesn’t apply but what does apply is three other cost savings. The first of which is significantly reduce if not illuminated transfer agent fees that’s a cost of roundly 15 basis points and maybe a little bit more than that for the average fund. The second cost is the one you mentioned which is cash drag, which is variable for different funds depending on how much cash they hold, but also variable of course depending on whether markets are moving up or down over a particular period. And the third avoided cost as we describe it is the cost of the incremental trading that a fund incurs to accommodate cash inflows and cash outflows. And this is for memory, but that cost, as I recall, its about 20 to 25 basis points for typical fund. So the study identified -- which focuses on the broad universe of equity funds over the period 2007 to 2013, identifies the total of I believe 62 basis points of non-12b-1 costs for a typical fund that would be -- that should be avoidable by shifting to this structure, which roundly 15 basis points is transfer agent expenses, 20 to 25 basis points, I believe is the flow-related trading costs and the balance would be cash drag. The study also looks at, if you take historical mutual fund performance and adjust that to remove these cost factors, how does that compared to benchmark ETFs that have the same index over that period in it. And not surprisingly, that if you pull out enough cost that makes a dramatic impact on the percentage of fund -- percentage of active funds that outperformed in a way that I think that will be potentially a very significant in longer-term affecting the balance of active versus passive in the market if this new lower cost structure is widely adopted. The study does not focus on. Though this is an area of significant interest that both for us and potential licensees. This study does not attempt to quantify two things. One is the benefits of fixed income funds, which we also think would be significant and also the benefit in terms of tax savings and both of those are areas of potential future research that we’re started to think about. But the work that we've done is on equity funds. It covers a broad universe of funds over a long period, both up market and down market, and we think is going to be quite instructive to fund companies, as they think about the potential benefits to their shareholders from adopting this new structure.
Dan Fannon: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Bill Katz: Hey. Thank you very much taking my questions. So, Tom, just want to follow-up on the discussion with the pipeline for possible licensee applications. Number of your peers sort of come out and expressed some cautionary remarks and a couple of broker dealers look at the complexity of it. So to try and get a sense of maybe triangulate against that versus your optimism? In the conversations you're having with different potential folks that sign-up, can you range the assets that you're speaking about here either in the typical size, average size or some way to get a real sense of maybe the near-term addressable market?
Tom Faust: I didn’t follow that. What do you mean range the assets?
Bill Katz: What size coming -- I just talking the companies may have $500 billion of assets, that might be looking to do this $25 billion. Just try to get a sense of the foreseeable revenue opportunity on licensing?
Tom Faust: We’re talking to companies of, I guess, I would say, all but the smallest sizes, with significant interest expressed from large to middle to small size company, that we don’t see any differentiation in level of interest by fund company size. From our perspective, the entire market is potentially available to us as a potential licenses. We are not aware of significant pushback from fund companies on for the -- about things that you’re talking about?
Bill Katz: Got you. Okay. The second question is, you did a nice job of highlighting some of your newer areas? You said about $9 billion some of the emerging franchises? When you speak to the laggards a little bit? Could you range what -- how much in assets you have there between retail institutional and then within that where do you feel most confident in the turn?
Tom Faust: So we talked about, let just say, so that, the areas that we identified as laggards for the year, one would be large-cap value, second would be global income and third, Atlanta Capital, I think those were the three areas.
Laurie Hylton: Yeah.
Tom Faust: So I mean, I can just speak on each of these, large-cap value we didn’t really talk much about in any detail. This is now. We have about $8.5 billion in large-cap value assets of which some thing like $4.5 billion I think is in the large-cap value mutual fund sort of the flagship product there. You probably recall that at one point that was over $30 billion. So we’ve seen outflows for quite a long time now. We’ve seen those outflows have continued this year. Recall that we went through a transition this year where Mike Mach, long time head of that team retired. Eddie Perkin came in and we have new leadership of that team. We have significantly improved performance. We are having a solid year in that. But the way we view the redemptions we are getting now is, people that view the change in leadership of the team as perhaps the last straw. And we expect that, if we can continue to put up good performance numbers that the outflows there will abate, given that that fund is now a little over 1% of our overall assets and that the overall strategy is a little less than 3% of our assets. It’s -- the ability of large-cap values to pull down our overall flow results as it did in fiscal 2012 and 2013, its just not there anymore. We don't have enough assets in the strategy for that to exert a very significant pull on the company. And we are optimistic based on the improvement in performance in the fact that Eddie is been here since, I guess, almost seven months now that the news of a change in leadership is now well known in the marketplace. On the Global Income side, we talked a little bit about that in my prepared remarks, which is that the trend over the year has been significantly better. We had a pretty lousy first quarter due to disappointment in performance of our Global Macro Absolute Return Fund. The good news is that we are having a strong year there through the end of October. Global Macro Absolute Return Fund is up on a one year basis 3.7% and up 2.9% year to date. The more aggressive version of the strategy, the Global Macro Absolute Return Fund, Class I shares are up just under 7% on a one year basis and just under 6%, year-to-date. And those are very competitive numbers within this asset class. We were put in the penalty box a year ago because we had negative returns, we didn’t kill people, but we lost I think maybe 40 or 50 basis points or so on the Class I shares. So performance numbers are better. We're seeing improved trends there and we also have some products there that are managed by that team where we think we are on the verge of significantly better flows that will highlight our short-term strategic income fund, which is now a five-star fund and which has got top performance over multiple periods as a fund that has been a modest contributor to flows where we expect to see potentially quite significant inflows next year. A third strategy, I would point to as a potential growth area in Global Income is emerging market debt where we've got a couple of different strategies within that category, both with very solid performance and this is an asset class that continues to attract assets and where we think we’ve got significant growth potential. I mean, if I had to guess I would guess that next year that we’ll see continued outflows from large-cap value though at a reduced level from where we were today. If I had to guess, I would predict that Global Income, we have a decent shot of turning to positive flows in total and potentially of quite significant flows. The third area that I mentioned as a source of outflow for the year is Atlanta Capital Management and that encompasses - primarily, Atlanta Capital has three areas -- growth equities, core equities and fixed income. All of them were in net redemption for the year. The biggest source of that was their growth product, which is largely based on a performance. But they had an important client in the first half of the year that shifted away from active management that hurt the overall flow results there. But they've been -- Atlanta Capital is focused on quality investing. This has been a difficult period, not just 2014 but the last few years for quality investing. They’ve lagged their benchmark and that’s hurt them. They had a good performance month in October for what that’s worth, which helps them on a year-by-year basis. But they are sticking to their knitting and working hard and not really in a position to say whether next year is likely to get better or worse there, but I don't see a significant risk that it's going to get a lot worse. But on overall basis those are the franchises that hurt us in the year. And as we said, we are optimistic than on balance, those will get better, which will help us on an overall basis also as we grow some of these emerging franchises. We also had a couple of areas that I didn’t realty talk about that -- but for performance reasons, we are pretty optimistic about going into the New Year. One of those in particular, I would highlight would be high-yield bonds where we have really a terrific track record over multiple periods having a great year, but also really excellent long-term performance as well. Another area that I would highlight where we saw growth this year but at a reduced level that I think could certainly accelerate is Parametric’s Emerging Market equity strategy. You may recall at the beginning of this year, there was pretty strong negative sentiment about emerging market equities and as that's abated over the year. And a lot of people have come to the view that emerging market equities maybe one of the best sources of value across the global equity markets. We've seen increased interest there. So strong performance, they've had over many years with a systematic structured strategy and we are saying we think a pickup in interest there that should point to stronger flows for them in 2015.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you for the great perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Ken Worthington: Hi. Still morning, so good morning. Do you need to see the NextShare products and if so, how much would you expect to contribute?
Tom Faust: Our understanding is that the exchange has a minimum of 1 million shares to list a new fund. We're thinking this hasn’t been finalized but we’re thinking of an initial value of $20 a share, so $20 million of seed capital. We haven't really gotten fully into how we would finance that, but 20 times -- 18 is not insignificant -- $20 million times 18 is a not an insignificant amount of money. We could conceivably finance that internally if we thought that makes sense. But we would be open to other avenues of financing that as well.
Ken Worthington: Great. And then I think you implied that you’ll be compensating wholesalers on a net basis for NextShares rather than a gross basis? Have you ever compensated your sales force on a net basis for any product before and if so how did that work out? And is it challenging to make net compensation as attractive for wholesalers as gross?
Tom Faust: I didn’t say that we were going to be compensating them on net sales. I said we are going to be measuring the growth in assets of the strategy on a basis that looks at essentially the book value of the position in account. So, we're quite aware of the complexities of compensating wholesalers on net basis that’s not been our traditional approach. But we do think that as we move into exchange-traded products, it will likely become more important to use NextShares -- to use net sales. Sorry, too confusing here, to use net sales as a primary determinant .But it won't -- certainly it won't be the only determinant of sales force compensation going forward.
Ken Worthington: Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Michael Carrier: Thanks. Laurie, just two number of questions, just on both the distribution and service revenue and expenses, a little bit more of a stepdown sequentially and just wanted to see if there was anything different besides mix there? And then on the performance fees, just when we look at either the sequential and then the year-over-year trend, obviously a relatively good quarter. So when we think about going forward, any shift in terms of the products that are generating the fees in terms of assets basis or performance on some of these products?
Laurie Hylton: Hi, Michael. In terms of the distribution service fees, there really was no seismic shift, there is just a question of asset mix. Those are just a straight basis points on assets that are subject to those fees. There is no magic there. In terms of the performance fees, we have only a handful of institutional accounts that have significant performance fees. One of the largest is in the fourth quarter of each year. So we see this activity in the fourth quarter and then there is minimal activity in the rest of the fiscal year.
Michael Carrier: Okay. Thanks. And just as a follow-up. Tom, recently the SEC has been looking for the entire industry on some of the potential issues down the road on fixed income products or illiquid products and trying to figure out what they might do in terms of increased regulation or increased cash balances. Just wanted to get your sense on, obviously it’s very recent and we got a ways to go in before anything is proposed. But just want to get your sense on the risk that you see? And then more importantly, is it just more of a lower return for certain products for investors or would there be any negative impact for the industry in terms of keeping the assets or assets going elsewhere?
Tom Faust: I’m aware that the SEC is interested in the topic of liquidity and the fixed income markets and interested in particularly how that affects funds that offer daily redemption privileges and maybe also particularly how that affects ETFs that offer intraday pricing and intraday price-based liquidity. And we've spoken to the SEC on these topics. I've not heard either directly or indirectly or maybe I have missed this that there is a proposal that would require fixed income funds to maintain a cash reserve. I would find that very surprising if that’s currently under consideration at the SEC, but I’m not aware of that.
Michael Carrier: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greggory Warren with Morningstar. Your line is open.
Greggory Warren: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. You guys mentioned earlier in the call that you’ve seen some interest from other asset managers out there. I’m just kind of curious, has any of this interest come from parties that were more or less pursuing kind of their blind trust structure that BlackRock and Precidian were pushing for the SEC, in particular I'm thinking State Street, Invesco, Capital Group, American Funds?
Tom Faust: I won’t speak to specific fund companies that wouldn’t be appropriate. But I can say that certainly there are companies that we’re talking to that were looking at or considering alternative models. So the kinds of things that we’re offering, which is the ability to present active strategies in a structure that preserves the confidentiality of current funds trading information while still capturing the potential cost efficiencies and tax efficiencies and exchange traded structure. Those same things would have attracted people to Precidian as attract us, as attract people to us. So it’s not surprising to us that the people that might have been interested in that structure would also have an interest in talking to us about our structure.
Greggory Warren: Okay. And I guess maybe just as a follow-up there. In your conversations with the SEC, did you ever get a sense that they didn't necessarily want to have one firm having a monopoly over this? Is there potential that maybe -- I know T. Rowe Price has filing up and that’s not necessarily blind trust filing, but whether or not the SEC was looking for potentially other mousetraps to offer if they were settled on just one?
Tom Faust: We've made it clear that we don't intend to have a monopoly here. Our goal is to license this technology broadly across the industry. We expect not only Eaton Vance but essentially all comers in our industry to have access to this technology at what we think will be reasonable licensing fees to make available to their customers. I would point out this is not the first, but it is the second approved the way that an active manager can offer exchange traded products. There is the fully transparent version that was approved in 2008 and there is now the NAV-based version that we believe we’re on the verge of approval of in 2014. I wouldn’t want to speculate whether they will or will not be other versions that might be approved at some point in the future.
Greggory Warren: Right, okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: That’s all the time we have for questions today. I'll turn the call back over to the presenters for closing remarks.
Tom Faust: Okay, great. Thank you for joining us this morning. We hope you all have a happy and safe Thanksgiving. And enjoy the holidays. And we look forward to reporting back to you at the close of our first fiscal quarter in February. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-08-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel C. Cataldo - Vice President and Treasurer Thomas E. Faust - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Laurie G. Hylton - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bill Katz - Citigroup Ken Worthington - JPMorgan Michael Kim - Sandler O’Neill Dan Fannon - Jefferies & Company Cynthia Mayer - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chris Shutler - William Blair Andrew Donnantuono - KBW
Operator: Good morning, my name is Kirk and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Eaton Vance Corp Third Quarter Fiscal Earnings Call and webcast. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer. (Operator Instructions). Mr. Dan Cataldo you may begin your conference.
Daniel C. Cataldo: Thank you, and welcome everyone to our third quarter fiscal 2014 earnings call and webcast. Here this morning are Tom Faust; Chairman and CEO of Eaton Vance Corp and Laurie Hylton, our CFO. We will first comment on the quarter and then we will take your questions. The full earnings release and the chart we will refer to during the call are available on our website eatonvance.com under the heading press releases. Today’s presentation contains forward-looking statements about our business and financial results. The actual results may differ materially from those projected due to risks and uncertainties in our business including but not limited to those discussed in our SEC filings. These filings including our 2013 Annual report and Form 10-K are available on our website on request at no charge. I’ll now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas E. Faust: Good morning. Eaton Vance had adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.63 in the third fiscal quarter, an increase of 21% from $0.52 in the year ago quarter and a new record high. On a sequential quarter basis, adjusted earnings per diluted share increased 7% from $0.59 in the second quarter of fiscal 2014. The strong earnings comparisons reflect solid revenue growth, good control over discretionary spending and lower share count. In the third quarter, we were again active on the capital management front, taking advantage of what we view as an attractive purchase range for our stock. We repurchased 2.5 million shares of stock for $93 million in cash essentially matching what we did in the second quarter. Through the first three quarters of fiscal 2014, we have repurchased and retired 6 million shares for a total of $228 million. With $547 million of cash and short term debt securities held at July 31, we have ample ability to continue an active share repurchase program while maintaining financial strength and flexibility. We ended the quarter with $288.2 billion in consolidated assets under management up 7% from a year ago and up roughly 1% from the end of the prior quarter. Net flows for the third fiscal quarter were negative $2 billion. Outflows in the quarter were concentrated in three areas, floating rate income with net outflows of $1.4 billion, high yield with net outflows of $1.1 billion and large cap value equity with net outflows of $1 billion. After several quarter of strong net inflows, retail bank loans flows turned negative in the third quarter consistent with overall industry trends and reflecting the decision by one of our largest advisory program partners to reduce their allocation to the bank owned asset class. Without the associated $1.5 billion of withdrawals, net flows into our floating rate income strategies would have been positive in the third quarter as continuing strong institutional flows more than offset weakness in retail. Although no one has more experience with retail loan funds than Eaton Vance, we struggle to understand the accelerated redemptions being seen today in the loan category. Loan prices are stable, credit conditions are benign and yields remain quite attractive in relation to other fixed income, sorry other floating rate instruments. Unlike holders of the fixed rate instruments, investors in floating rate bank loans do not face a loss of principle value as interest rates rise, and like investors in foreign bonds, floating rate bank loans price in U.S. dollars are not subject to currency risks. Those seeking to explain loan funds outflows may point to a liquidity concerns, the idea that the loan asset class is not sufficiently liquid to support wide spread fund withdrawals. Throughout our 25-year record as a bank loan manager and nearly 14 years of experience managing daily liquid loan funds, we’ve always been able to meet withdrawal demand as they arise including during periods of significant financial distress. While there could be no absolutes with this or any other asset class, we are confident that we have the pieces in place to continue meeting our funds liquidity needs through good times and bad, attesting to the continuing attractiveness of banks loans as an asset class, our institutional flows remains solidly positive. In the third quarter, we closed on a new $500 million collateralized loan obligation entity and had 900 million of other net inflows into institutional loan strategies. Although we can’t predict when sentiment will again turn positive for retail loan fund products, we remain bullish on the bank loan asset class and our prospects for growth there as a proven industry leader. In parallel with the weakness in bank loan fund flows, flows into high yield bond funds industry wide have also turned decisively negative in recent weeks. Our high yield bonds have seen only modest net outflows about $100 million in the third quarter. During the quarter we did lose $900 million high yield sub advisory relationship as the sponsor decided to bring management in-house. Despite this disappointing account loss, we continue to maintain a large and vibrant high yield business under the direction of long time group leader Mike Weilheimer. At July 31, our high yield assets under management totaled $6.4 billion. As I mentioned, large cap value equity was the third major source of outflows in the quarter with $1 billion of net withdrawals. This represents a slight easing of the pace of outflows from the first half of the year and comes amid the transition in leadership of our value team to Eddie Perkin following the retirement of former lead manager Mike Mach in June. As those who follow the company closely will know Eddie joined the Eaton Vance management as Chief Equity Investment Officer at the end of April, following a successful career at Goldman Sachs asset management. Although Eddie is just getting started as head of EVM’s Equity Group, I am pleased to report that early investment performance is very strong. For the first three months of Eddie’s tenure, the Class I shares of our large cap value, focus value, focus growth, core stock, dividend builder and balance funds are ranked in the top quintile of their respective Morningstar categories. For the year to date through the end of July, all of these funds and a number of other EVM managed equity funds rank in either the first or second quintile of their peer groups. With new leadership and renewed energy and focus our EVM equity business is turning the corner and positioned for improved business contribution. 2014 is also proving to be a strong performance year for many of our income and alternative strategies. For the year-to-date through 7/31 the Class I shares of our bonds, government obligations, short duration government income, diversified currency income and global macro advantage funds all rank in the top quintile of their Morningstar peer groups. Performance has been particularly strong for our national municipal funds with our high-yield muni, national municipal income, AMT free municipal income, muni opportunities and TAS long term funds all having top decile class share performance rankings for the year-to-date. Relative to many national and state-specific peer fund our muni strategies that have benefited from having little or no exposure to Puerto Rican credits. With seven national and 14 single state muni funds having atleast one class of shares rated four or five stars by Morningstar, we see our muni bond fund business is offering significant near term growth opportunities. Flows into Eaton Vance Municipal income funds turned modestly positive in the third quarter, a notable improvement over the preceding four quarters. Global income is another area where we are seeing better performance and improved flows. This franchise includes our global macro absolute return, diversified currency and emerging market income strategies, which in total represent almost 9 billion in managed assets. While net flows were negative in the quarter in the range of $375 million, that’s a significant improvement from the $2.6 billion of net outflows in the first half of the fiscal year. Another area of improving flows is parametrics emerging market equity strategy. Net inflows in the third quarter were almost $400 million, up from $200 million in the second quarter and less than $100 in the first quarter. The stronger flows are being driven by favorable relative investment performance as evidenced by our flagship funds excellent long-term record and five-star overall Morningstar rating. At period end, parametrics EM assets totaled just over $22 billion. To round off the discussion of flows, I want to give you an update on the four emerging investment franchises identified last quarter as having significant potential to contribute to our future growth. You may recall that these are our two Richard Bernstein sub advised funds, the Parametric Clifton defensive equity strategy, latter municipal bonds, separate accounts and a multi sector income strategy. During the third quarter, total assets in these four franchises grew $1.4 billion or 31% to $7.7 billion. The Eaton Vance Richard Bernstein Equity Strategy and All Asset Strategy Funds were introduced in October 2010 and September 2011 respectively. The funds are sub advised by Richard Bernstein Advisors and lead man is Rich Bernstein the former long time market strategist that met all ends. Both funds compete in large and growing asset classes, employ a distinctive top down investment approach and have gained broad intermediary acceptance in a relatively short time. In the first nine months of fiscal 2014, the funds have had over $700 million of net inflows, installed managed assets more than doubled to $1.5 billion. This September we plan to launch a third fund sub advised by RBA, The Eaton Vance Richard Bernstein Market Opportunities Fund. The new fund will employ the same type down macro driven approach of the current funds but with a broader investment mandate, it includes the ability to hold both long and short positions. The Parametric Clifton and defensive equity strategy applies the transparent rules based equity options over overlay to a portfolio of equity and cash investments. Institutions are using defensive equity as a low cost alternative to hedge funds and other hedged equity strategies seeking to generate alpha from a systematic program of writing put in call options. When we purchased Clifton at the end of 2012, assets in the strategies were approximately $560 million just over a year and half later defensive equity assets have grown to $2.1 million with a strong pipeline of new business opportunities. Our Laddered Municipal Bond separate account product was developed by our TABS group in New York, and in less than three years managed assets have grown to over $2.8 billion with half of that growth coming in the last nine months. Sales continue to accelerate and the market opportunity here remains enormous. Over $1 trillion of municipal bonds are today held directly by individual investors with little of no portfolio over sight. As the potential pitfall of holding unmanaged municipal bonds become apparent to more and more investors and advisors, we see big growth potential. We have the early lead in this market and don’t intend to relinquish it. Our multi-sector income strategy is the lead managed by Kathleen Gaffney who joined Eaton Vance as co-head of investment grade fixed income in October 2012 after 28 years with Loomis Sayles. Eaton Vance bonds fund was introduced at the end of January 2013 as a mutual fund vehicle for the multi sector strategy. Over the life of the fund in the last 12 months, the fund ranks among the top performer in its Morningstar category with its class I shares beating the peer group average by over 750 basis point on a one year basis at July 31. In the third quarter, assets increased from 637 million to 1.25 billion, a 97% increase in just three months. As the strategies track record continues to build the fund is gaining broader acceptance on intermediary platforms. Over the coming months we also expect to start funding institutional separate account mandates, a huge untapped opportunity for this franchise. I want to close with an update on our exchange rate of managed funds or ETMF imitative. As many of you know, ETMFs or proposed new type of open end fund that seek to provide the performance and tax advantage of exchange traded funds to active investment strategies while maintaining the confidentiality of portfolio trading information. Unlike ETFs, ETMFs would not disclose their portfolio holdings on a daily basis. ETMFs would be brought and sold on an exchange utilizing a new trading protocol called NAV base trading. Our navigate fund solutions subsidiary hold the series of patterns that we seek to commercialize by licensing them to fund sponsor by Eaton Vance and other fund groups. Since our last earnings report we have continued to work towards regulatory approval and commercial loans. On July 30, we filed registration statements for 18 initial ETMFs to be offered by Eaton Vance. While we can’t predict the outcome of the regulatory process, we remain confident that if approved, ETMFs have the potential to transform our actively managed strategies or deliver the fund investors in the U.S. with potentially quite significant financial implications for Eaton Vance. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to Laurie to discuss the quarterly financial results in more detail.
Laurie G. Hylton:  Thank you and good morning. Tom summarized for reported adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.63 for the third quarter of fiscal 2014 compared to $0.52 for the third quarter of fiscal 2013 and $0.59 for the second quarter of this year. This represents an increase of 21% as compared to the third quarter of last year and an increase of 7% sequentially. On a GAAP basis, we earned $0.63 per diluted share in the third quarter of fiscal 2014, $0.18 in third quarter of fiscal 2013, and $0.59 in the second quarter this fiscal year. AS you can see an attachment II to our press release, adjustments from reported GAAP earnings in the third quarter of last year include non-recurring cost associated with retiring 250 million of our 6.5% senior notes due in 2017, a charge to settle the state tax matter, instruction cost associated with the closed end fund offering. We’re pleased to report that our third quarter operating results were strong in every respect. Operating income increased 10% year-over-year and 5% sequentially on revenue growth of 5% and 4% respectively. Prudent cost management and lower variable compensation cost drove our operating margin up to 35.7% from 33.9% in the third quarter of last year and 35.4% last quarter. On the strength of those operating results, adjusted net income increased 17% year-over-year and 4% sequentially. Adjusted earnings per diluted share increased 21% year-over-year and 7% sequentially, reflecting the growth in adjusted net income and a decrease in outstanding shares as a result of stepped up share repurchases over the last several quarters. Revenue increased 5% year-over-year reflecting a 6% increase in investment advisory and administrative fees, partially offset by modest declines in distribution and service fee revenues. Looking specifically at investment advisory administrative fees, the 6% increase year-over-year reflects a 10% increase in average assets under management offset by a decline in our effective fee rate. The decline in our effective fee rate from 44 basis points in the third quarter of last year to 43 basis points this quarter can be primarily attributed to the growth in lower fee implementation services mandate and the corresponding increase in implementation services asset as a percentage of total assets under management. Revenue increased 4% sequentially, primarily reflecting the impact of having three additional days in the third quarter compared to the second, and a 2% increase in average assets under management. We feel the day count drag on both revenue and our effective fee rate in the second quarter each year as more than half our investment advisory and administrative fee revenue and all of our distribution and service fee revenue is calculated on the basis of the number of calendar days in the quarter. Day count drove our effective investment advisory administrative fee rate up from 42 to 43 basis points sequentially. Performance fees did not materially affect effective fee rates for any of the periods presented contributing 928,000 in the third quarter of fiscal 2014 compared to 952,000 in the second quarter of fiscal 2014 and 850,000 in the third quarter of fiscal 2013. We anticipate that our effective investment advisory and administrative fee rate for active equity strategies will remain at approximately 65 basis points. Fixed income strategies at approximately 45 basis points Floating rate income strategy is at approximately 55 basis points, alternative strategy is in the low to mid 60s and implementation services is at approximately 10 basis points for the remainder of this fiscal year. As always, our future overall effective fee rate will be impacted to the extent that there are meaningful changes in product mix. Shifting from revenue to expense, operating expenses were up 2% year-over-year reflecting low single digit percentage increases in our largest expense category including compensation, distribution related expenses and other discretionary spending. Operating expenses increased 3% sequentially reflecting similar single digit percentage increases in the same categories. Compensation expense increased 2% year-over-year primarily due to increases in base salaries and benefits and stock based compensation, partially offset by decreases in operating income basis and as in sales base incentive compensation. The increases in base salaries and stock based compensation were driven primarily by a 7% increase in average head count and retirement during the third quarter of fiscal 2014 respectively. The decrease in operating income base incentives reflects adjustments to operating income base approval rate across the company, while the decrease in sales based incentive compensation primarily reflects the decrease in compensation eligible retail sales. Sequentially, we saw a 3% increase in comp expense driven by similar increases in base comp and benefits and stock based compensation partially offset by decreases in operating income based incentives. The sequential increase in base salaries and benefits primarily reflects the additional number of payroll dates with headcount growth related to permanent employees limited to 1%. As in the year-over-year comparison, the increase in stock based compensation primarily reflects retirements during the third quarter of fiscal 2014 while the decrease in operating income base incentives reflects adjustments to accrual rates across the company. Distribution service fee expense increased marginally both year-over-year and sequentially reflecting the increase in assets under management subject to these fees. Fund related expenses were up 14% year-over-year and 11% sequentially primarily reflecting an increase in sub advisory expenses driven by growth and sponsored funds managed by unaffiliated sub advisors. Other operating expenses were up 4% both year-over-year and sequentially primarily reflecting increases in information technology spend related to investment management systems project partially offset by a decrease in recruiting and legal professional services. Net income and gains on seed capital investments contributed roughly a penny to earnings in the third and second quarters of fiscal 2014 while reducing earnings by approximately $0.02 in the third quarter of fiscal 2013. When quantifying the impact of our seed capital investments on earnings each quarter, we take into consideration our pro rata share of the gains, losses and other investment income earned on investments and sponsored products, with accounted and for as consolidated funds, separate accounts or equity method investments as well as the gains and losses recognized and derivative yields to hedge these investments. We then report the per share impact net of non controlling interest expense and income taxes. Equity net income of affiliates decreased sequentially primarily reflecting a decrease in net income and gains recognized on sponsored products accounted for under the equity method. Our 49% interest in Hexavest, which is reported net of tax and the amortization of intangibles in equity and net income affiliates contributed approximately $0.02 per diluted share for all periods presented. Excluding the affects of CLO entity earnings in markets in all periods presented and the state tax settlement in the third quarter of fiscal 2013, our effective tax rate for the third quarter fiscal 2014 was 38.5% compared to 38% in the second quarter of fiscal 2014, and 37.7% in the third quarter of fiscal 2013. We currently anticipate that our effective tax rate adjusted for CLO earnings and losses will be approximately 38% for the remainder of the fiscal year. In terms of capital management as Tom mentioned, we repurchased 2.5 million shares of nonvoting common stock for approximately $92.6 million this quarter. When combined with prior quarters repurchases this brought both our average diluted share count and shares outstanding down by 2% sequentially. Even with the significant increases in share repurchases, we finished the quarter holding just over $540 million of cash and short-term debt securities and approximately $260 million in seed capital investment. Our outstanding debt consists of $250 million of 6.5% senior notes due in 2017 and $325 million of 3.625% senior notes due in 2023. We have a $300 million line of credit, which is currently undrawn. Given our strong cash flow, liquidity and overall financial condition, we believe we’re well positioned to continue to return capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. With our stock trading and what we view as attractive range. We expect to continue to be active repurchasers as we move into the fourth quarter. This concludes our prepared comments. And at this point, we’d like to take any questions you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Bill Katz from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Bill Katz - Citigroup: Hey, guys. Thank you and good morning everyone. Just Tom, you mentioned that on the retail side, I guess maybe you sound a little confounded, my words, about what you're seeing there. And I appreciate that. What was the reason that the distributor gave you for the allocation shift? And then what might be the risk of other distributors following suit? Seems like it always seems to be some consistency across the distribution platforms around those kinds of things?
Thomas E. Faust: Just to clarify, Bill, you’re asking about bank loan funds.
Bill Katz - Citigroup: Yes, I apologize, yes, yes.
Thomas E. Faust: Okay. So I think as you probably know platforms or advisory programs are increasing part of the mutual fund business where there is centralized decision making to some degree anyway with respect to asset allocation changes. So what happened in the quarter to us was that one of those -- one of the largest platforms, I think the largest in terms of exposure to our bank loan strategies, made an asset allocation change. They didn’t speak directly to me. I don’t think they would typically give a lot of color on the reason for the change. It was not a complete withdrawal, but it was a meaningful reduction in their exposure to us. We understand that the reallocation was not to another bank loan manager but it was from bank loans to some other asset class whether that’s stocks or bonds or alternative I can’t really give you any color on that. As I mentioned, this is our – this was our largest single platform exposure. We certainly have other large investors in our bank loan strategies, but nothing of a similar character that’s of a similar size.
Bill Katz - Citigroup: Okay. And then maybe a second follow-up question just staying on the flow discussion for a moment, this is a combined question; just looking at the supplement for Hexavest, it seems like the flow story there has slowed in aggregate. Maybe you can just update on what might be driving that dynamic? And then on the implementation services, that too seems to have slowed of late. Is that just timing lumpiness or is there anything else going on there just in terms of penetration of that opportunity set?
Thomas E. Faust:  So, I’ll just take those in the sequence you ask. First on Hexavest, flows there’s there have definitely slowed. Hexavest is just to remind people is a top-down global equity manager with about $17 billion in assets under management, which we owned 49% interest, they’re based in Montreal. So it’s a relatively small team. I think 40, 50 people focused on a global equity strategy. They have historically been relatively strong performance -- performers during the periods of market weakness. They have been relatively cautious on the markets over the last couple of years, obviously that’s been position that hasn’t helped their relative performance. So they are in a mode where they’ve lagged their benchmark for the last couple of years. They’re not losing business, because people view them as a defensive manager. But they’re not in a position to attract significant new flows, because they are relatively weak relative performance. They do have a pipeline. There are ongoing discussions with major prospects. But we would expect the growth rate there likely to be moderate until they start showing improved relative performance, which based on their current positioning would likely be during a period of weaker market conditions than we’ve seen over the last year and a half or so. In terms of Clifton’s implementation services business, as you mentioned there is a lumpiness to that business. What we report as flows reflects really two things. One is client’s gains and loss. And the other is allocation or shifts and exposures or changes in position sizes for existing clients. The second of those factors that changes in exposure by existing clients, is largely driven by factors that have nothing to with Clifton or the services they provide, just simply how much cash were they holding or how they’re using Clifton within their portfolios. That have some noise in it and it’s quite hard for to predict. The first factor which is net clients gain, there’s a very positive story. Clifton is well ahead of their projections for their business for the year-to-date. Not only in defensive equity which is one of the growth strategies that we’ve highlighted, but also in their core overlay services business. So they continue to grow and add quite significant new clients. They are in the process of expanding their sales force. They’re well ahead of budgets in terms of new sales and new revenue acquisition for the year-to-date. So, that acquisition is certainly going very well and with growth substantially ahead of plan.
Bill Katz - Citigroup: Thank you, one last one. Thank you for taking my questions this morning. As you think about counterbalancing your platform with the four emergent segments that you see some very good growth of low numbers versus a bit of recovery for the legacy business how do you think about marketing spend and what might be the impact on G&A as we look forward?
Thomas E. Faust: I don’t think we see significant changes. Most of our sales and marketing expense tense to be commission based. Sales incentives we pay and so it will go up or down with the volume of gross sales and to some degree with the mix of sales among different products. But we don’t see a significant change in mix of sales or rate of sales, expenditure relative to the volume of sales activity.
Bill Katz - Citigroup: Okay. Thanks guys, appreciate it.
Thomas E. Faust: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Worthington - JPMorgan: Hi. Good morning. Maybe to follow-up on Bill's and the sales force, can you talk about maybe how you’re positioning the overall sales force? You just mentioned that Hexavest is expanding its sales presence. Can you talk about how the sales team is evolving as you're growing both bigger but also adding new products? Are you growing the team, are you trying to get into not just new clients but maybe new channels as well? What are you doing on the sales side?
Thomas E. Faust: Yeah. The biggest change over the last year for us is the one that you touched on, which is the change at Parametric. As you may know prior to the acquisition of Clifton Group at the end of 2012, Parametric’s institutional products were represented by Eaton Vance institutional sales team. When we acquired Clifton we made the decision to move to a separate sales force for Parametric in the North American institutional market where the initial sales team were the members of the Clifton team. We have added to that team over the last year, pretty aggressively, initially there were a total of three sales client service and consultant relations people, over the last year or little over a year that’s grown to I’d say, probably about eight people, four sales -- four field sales people, but backing that up with the consultant relations people and client service people. So, three to let’s say eight or nine people on that team with the expectation for continued growth. On the retail side, the biggest change over the last year has been the addition of our wealth strategies group, which is a -- I’ll say five person or six -- I think six person team based here in Boston, but focused on strategies for high net worth investors in the retail channel, both drawn from Parametric, but also from Eaton Vance. So those are the two major changes really focusing on growth opportunities we see for Parametric now combined with Clifton on the institutional side, plus wealth strategies, opportunities we see within retail for both traditional Eaton Vance strategies, as well as Parametric strategies.
Ken Worthington - JPMorgan: Great. Thanks. And then as a follow-up just on tax managed investing. To what extent is that seem becoming more visible with your customers. I’d like to talk beyond Parametric, as Parametric is doing quite well, but you got a big business beyond that. We saw a kind of muni sales turn positive, that maybe an element of it. Are you seeing it on the core equity franchises well? Or is performance still just not good enough even though its getting better to kind of bring those clients in, but I really want to know just thematically is tax managed investing picking up and if so to what magnitude?
Thomas E. Faust: Yeah. So I think three part to our tax managed franchise. One is Parametric which is a range of index replications strategies where given a benchmark or given an index, they will, with a high degree of tracking, seek to match that on a pretax basis. And then through separate accounts they are actively managed to harvest losses, they’ll look to outperform an ETF or non-tax managed strategy on an after tax basis by systematically harvesting tax losses. That’s a big business for them. It’s one of their foundational businesses. When we first acquired Parametric in 2003 that was their dominant business, and that has continued to grow. Sales are strong as you might imagine we and others are aggressively making the case that in an environment where capital gains, taxes are in a range depending on where you live in the U.S. 25% to 33% for high net worth investors that there is a significant demand for tax efficient strategies and particularly strategies that can systematically throw off capital losses. There are challenges to that business, one is that in a -- what has been a pretty strong equity market, the opportunities to realized capital losses maybe more limited than in an up and down market. But we’re dealing with that and continuing to deliver the high tax efficiency that we see. So number one is the Parametric another equity strategies. Number two, which you touched on is munis where we are going gangbusters in terms of our muni separate account business in the form of our latter strategies where assets have grown from essentially zero to $2.8 billion over the last three years with very strong current growth. Also as you mentioned, our muni fund business, which is a very important business for us over $20 billion in muni fund asset turned positive inflows in the current quarter. And we’ve got a very broad lineup of high performing strategies. We’ve traditionally offered funds that have the high end of peer group in terms of current yield and we also have the differentiating feature today that our funds have. As a general rule, little or no Puerto Rico exposure, which has become a hot button issue among investors in the muni sector. I think as many people are probably aware Puerto Rican bonds are tax free in most if not all states through the U.S. so they’re frequently held in size in state specific muni funds. Our fund as a role have limited exposure to that and that’s benefited our performance and it’s been a key differentiating feature that our sales guys are certainly pointing out to potential investors. And then third piece for our tax managed business is based here in Boston, which is that Eaton Vance actively managed, tax managed equity funds. We’ve seen a little improvement there, but not much and I think it’s for the reason that you cited, Ken which is that performance while it’s better, it’s still not to a point where we can compete on a performance basis with other managers. I would also add that this group, the heyday of us raising assets in tax managed equities within the late 90s and certainly since then, the awareness and the competitiveness of ETFs and index funds versus equity strategies has grown and people’s broad recognition of the tax advances of the exchange rate structure are significantly greater today than they were in the late 90s. So we don’t have great expectations for recovery there. We certainly believe that as our equity performance improves we will see improved flows in tax managed aggregate active equities, but we really see that the primary growth opportunities there is primarily on the Parametric side and on the muni side.
Ken Worthington - JPMorgan: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Kim from Sandler O’Neill. Your line is open.
Michael Kim - Sandler O’Neill: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. First just as institutional fixed income investors continue to migrate in favor of more flexible mandates. Just wondering how that dynamic potentially sets up for the multi-sector bond strategy as you increasingly market that capability to those investors? I know you mentioned expecting to fund some mandates here shortly, but just any additional color on sort of the opportunity set there would be helpful? Thanks.
Thomas E. Faust: Yeah. We certainly see that as a big opportunity. We observe the same thing that income investors have migrated from core fixed income to core plus to increasingly we’re seeing interest in multi-sector which is moving out a little further on the risk spectrum, which is broadly where our Kathleen Gaffney's multi-sector income strategy operates. We certainly expect to be more active there. Kathleen’s track record at Eaton Vance dates back to end of October of 2012, so we’re coming up on two years of that working with the team here, when she came to Eaton Vance she brought with her a big Rolodex of contacts in the industry, but many took appropriately a weight and see attitude. She is coming to a new place and working with a new team. But we’d like to think that as we hit the second anniversary of her being in the new location, working with the new team that given the really tremendous investment success that we’ve achieved, that we will start wining some institutional mandates and that can become a significant increment to the growth of that franchise. And so, we’re quite excited, quite thrilled with how successfully that’s going as I mentioned retail assets approximately doubled to $1.2 billion or so in the most recent quarter. We certainly view that as really just getting started and since the big opportunities from here both continuing in retail but also institutionally. And I might add institutional opportunities we see not only in the U.S. but potentially also around the world.
Michael Kim - Sandler O’Neill: Okay. That’s helpful. And then, in terms of capital management, seems like you’re seed capital portfolio continues to vintage. So just wondering, looking forward, are you looking to recycle that capital into newer strategies or might there be an opportunity to remain proactive on the share repurchase front with some of that excess capital if you will?
Thomas E. Faust: We certainly see opportunities to continue the repurchase program. We have a handful of things that might be uses of seed capital in our traditional fund line up. I might tell you also that, we filed registration statements for 18 new ETMFs and if and when those get approved, they may also be a source of seed capital, but I guess we don’t from where we sit today see major changes there and expect that the primary use of our free cash flow will be to return to shareholders as oppose to expanding our seed capital activity.
Michael Kim - Sandler O’Neill: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dan Fannon - Jefferies & Company: Thanks. I guess just following up on the bank loan comments, and just want to characterize the institutional demand was very strong this past quarter and it seems per your commentary that’s continuing. I guess is there any change in the redemption trend or is that -- I’m just looking at your – we see the growth sales in aggregate and the growth redemptions, it seems like the redemption pickup is all retail. Is the gross sales acceleration all coming institutionally or is that the right way to think about it?
Thomas E. Faust: I think that’s right. We are -- I’d say, we are in a -- if you put aside the $1.5 billion of withdrawals that we had from this program reallocation that I talked about, that mostly hit in I want to say the first half of June. Since then flows have been relatively stable in bank loans. We are seeing more redemptions than we would like. Gross sales are lower than we would like. But my own view, what do I know? My own view is that this will pass. And if you ask investors why are they redeeming bank loans? I don’t think people can you really great reason. And my guess is that as the world evolves and there become other things to worry about that we will see lessening of bank loan redemption. Whether or not we’ll see a pick up in sales? I think as maybe another matter. There was a huge pickup as I’m sure you’ll recall in the first half of last year when there was a big surge of fear that the rates were going up and how does the income investor protect themselves or herself from loss of principal value in a period of rising interest rates. Bank loans seem like a great solution. Rates went up. Rates have been drifting down. My guess is that the next time that there’s any kind of an upward shock in rates than we will again say a pickup in retail demand for bank loans. I don’t know when that will be. I suspect somewhere out there in the next several quarters that will happen, but we certainly can’t forecast that. We don’t foresee that over the next couple of quarters. So our presumption is that we will see continued retail outflows, I’d like at a moderating pace through the balance of the year and we’d like to think to be offset largely by continued institutional demand. Let me just repeat my statement that I made in my prepared remarks, which was that, if you take out that $1.5 billion reallocation that we would been positive in bank loans for the quarter. Can’t guarantee we’ll be positive next quarter, but we certainly see the prospect for improved net flows because we don’t anticipate anything like that in terms of single assets reallocation by any of our current bank loan clients.
Dan Fannon - Jefferies & Company: Great. That's helpful. Just thinking about the fee rates in aggregate going forward, and if I look at your emerging franchises page which has the four funds that are gathering momentum and just looking forward beyond what you said for next quarter but thinking out a little bit further and where you're seeing some redemptions versus where these funds are inflowing, is it reasonable still to assume a stable fee rate in aggregate going forward based on these types of products growing versus where you're seeing redemptions today?
Thomas E. Faust: I think as of long-term trend I would expect average fee rates for us to be moving down over coming quarters and coming years. I would say the same for our industry. We are -- our business as it grows and matures has become more competitive and that shows up principally in lower fees. We face those same pressures as everyone else. An additional dynamic we have is that Parametric which is – which is currently and has been the fastest growing part of Eaton Vance is a lower fee business than most of the other things that we do. I would expect Parametric to continue to grow faster than the rest of the Eaton Vance and that put additional pressure on us. So I think within asset classes, I would say we would see perhaps small downward pressure on fees consistent with overall industry trend. As our mix grows more in the direction of Parametric and particularly more in the direction of implementation services we could see additional fee rate declines. We don’t necessarily view lower fees as a bad thing. We want to provide good value to our customers. If we can operate effectively with attractive margins at a lower fee rate that’s business that we’ll take any day. One of the things that most attractive to us about our Parametric franchise particularly as it is grown and now encompasses the former Clifton business, is while its low fee it is still a very nicely attractive business in terms of margin. So there’s a tendency to think sometimes that low fee equates to low margin in our business. If the business is operating efficiently, if it’s the kinds of strategies the kinds of thing that Clifton does or that the Parametric has done away from Clifton, we think we can earn very attractive margins and very attractive rates of returns at low fee rates.
Dan Fannon - Jefferies & Company: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cynthia Mayer from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Cynthia Mayer - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning. Question on comp, you mentioned I think you made an adjustment to operating income basic rules. I just wondering if you could give some color on what drew the change, is that flow related or performance related or related to a particular part of the business. And also maybe a little bit on the likely impact of the change? So should we assume 3Q is representative of incentive based comp going forward?
Laurie G. Hylton: Yeah. I think, Cynthia, the adjustments that we made were sort of minor adjustments across all of our subsidiaries as we were looking ahead to where we anticipated we were going to be making payouts at the end of the fiscal year. As you know operating income is up, but we want to ensure that we were making some rationale decisions around a given where we anticipate we’re going to paying out at each of the subsidiaries, and therefore made a decision to bring things down modestly this quarter. To that end we do anticipate that the numbers you’ve seen in the third quarter will likely be representative for what you would see in the fourth keeping in mind that the other significant component of variable compensation obviously is driven by sales, so that gets push around to the extent that there is an uptick in sales in the fourth quarter.
Cynthia Mayer - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So then, I guess with the new fiscal year, would you reset that again?
Laurie G. Hylton: We do look at the accrual rates at the beginning of each fiscal year. I think there might be some modest changes, but I wouldn’t anticipate anything significant in the first quarter.
Cynthia Mayer - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just the follow-up on the fee rate discussion, which is if you look at the floating rate maybe moving a little bit more to institutional versus retail. Would that effect the overall fee rate for floating rate or our CLOs and other institutional products sort of similar fee rate?
Thomas E. Faust: Somewhat lower on average, but not grossly so.
Cynthia Mayer - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. And then if you guys have ending share count, that would be really helpful? I'll call back and get that if you prefer?
Laurie G. Hylton: Just hold on. Ending shares were $118.7 million.
Cynthia Mayer - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks a lot.
Laurie G. Hylton: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Shutler from William Blair. Your line is open.
Chris Shutler - William Blair: Hey, guys, good morning. With the multi-sector bond fund, I think, Tom, you said that you're making progress getting onto with a retail distribution platforms. Maybe just a little bit more color there to the extent that you can provide it?
Thomas E. Faust: There’s not a whole lot to say. That market tense to have requirements in terms of asset size, manager tenure, track record. And what’s been remarkable about the success we’ve achieved with our bond fund in the multi sector strategy is that we’ve really raised a lot of assets and gathered a lot of interest and attention really without having those things. So we began our fiscal year at the end of October with I think $75 million in assets in the strategy, that’s now $1.2 billion or $1.3 billion something in that range. I can’t point specifically to you know we’re going to get on XYZ platform on a particular day, but I understand generally how things work which is that as a strategy proves itself overtime and its assets grow that can be a logical step. So I don’t want to over promise that that’s about to happen tomorrow, I would couch that more as we would anticipate as the strategy matures and as assets grow that presents additional growth opportunity that today we really haven’t been able to take advantage of.
Chris Shutler - William Blair: Okay. And then secondly on the global macro absolute return obviously good to see the outflows there moderate a bit, but it does look like performance is still of a challenge even in the short term, so just any update there and how you see the flow outlook going forward? Thanks.
Thomas E. Faust: We’re having a pretty good year in performance, and I think we’re up about 4% for the I shares of our global macro strategy with LIBOR roundly zero, we think that’s pretty good. That’s our benchmark, we try and have performance of 300 to 400 basis points over our benchmark on an annual basis, that’s consistent with the historical performance record of this strategy relative to many peer fund and the global macro category and there are not a lot and they vary pretty significantly but relative to our peers we think we’re doing quite well. So I think what happened to us in flows was that 2013 was a year in which a lot of asset classes had very high returns, like made a lot of money in stocks. We had modestly negative returns, gross returns were a few basis points positive, net returns were negative with generally in the range of zero to 1%. That didn’t really excite people, when equities are going up 30% why do you need to diversify into a global macro or similar types of esoteric strategies. We have done a couple of things since then. One is returns are better. We’re making money. And the other is I think we’re in a period of maybe a bit more cautious environment for equities and other asset classes and the principal reason for investing in global macro three or four years ago is the same today, which is it being a source of diversification and potentially non-core related returns. We have in our global macro strategy very little exposure to U.S. equities, very little exposure to global equity, very little exposure to global interest rates and very little exposure to the movement of the dollar versus established currency box like the euro and the yen. That’s a pretty special asset class that provides that level of diversification. But with that diversification people want return, and we didn’t deliver that last year. But we feel like with returns being in a positive and acceptable range, that we expect not only to see the outflows to continue to diminish, but I wouldn’t give up hope of within not very many months that this becomes a growth business for us again.
Chris Shutler - William Blair: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Robert Lee from KBW. Your line is open.
Andrew Donnantuono: Hi this is actually Andrew Donnantuono filling in for Rob. Thanks for taking our questions. Just firstly, just a small one, could you just tell us how maybe we should be thinking about performance fees in fiscal fourth quarter. I know historically there’s been a little bit of a jump there relative to you know fiscal two and three, you know if not quantify that if you could just kind of give us a sense of how we should think about performance fees in the upcoming quarters?
Thomas E. Faust: Performance fees are, I guess you’d say notoriously hard to model because performance and access performance is hard to model. I think you’re right that the fourth quarter has been a period when we’ve seen generally a little bit of an uptick in performance fees. We have a major account that is a parametrics account that has a performance fee component that’s relative significant. The fees are as I remember the performance fee is on a rolling three year basis, periods is not done but we’re ahead of the benchmark, so we could see an uptick in performance fees in the fourth quarter but its not something as I said to be terribly meaningful to the company as a whole.
Andrew Donnantuono: Okay. Great, thanks and then just kind of shifting gears to just a very high level question, just trying to get a sense of as you’re kind of cumulative institutional pipeline maybe outside of some of the emerging franchise businesses that you’ve highlighted. You know would you characterize kind of where you’re sit now versus recent quarters, you know as far as institutional pipeline goes and maybe where you have seen if any kinds of spikes in RPF activity of late, any color you might have there would be very helpful.
Thomas E. Faust: Yeah so our visible pipeline and by pipeline we mean this is a one not funded business, is roundly $3 billion or so. That’s a range of different areas that includes bank loans, it includes emerging market equities and includes a fair bit of growth at traditional Clifton’s strategies both defensive equity and overlaid business there are some institutional cash management in that to recall that we started an institutional cash management business in 2013 and we’re building a pipeline there and expect to see some of them hit maybe in the fourth quarter it might extend into the early part of fiscal 2015. But the places where we’re seeing the activity or probably the obvious ones bank loan being high on that list, emerging market equities, multi-sector high yield, I guess those are probably the ones I would highlight as being most significant.
Andrew Donnantuono: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I’ll turn the call back over to you, Mr. Cataldo.
Daniel C. Cataldo: Great. Thank you and thanks for joining us this morning and we look forward to reporting back to you at the end of our fourth fiscal quarter in November. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-01 11:00:00) =====
David Russo: The following slides will likely look familiar to those of who you have joined us for this call in prior quarters. Our approach to funding, capital and liquidity management has not changed, and we remain committed to preserving the durability of our balance sheet consistent with the framework we've discussed on prior calls. As such, we'll discuss the remaining slides briefly to allow more time for your questions. Beginning with Slide 14, Morgan Stanley invests in durable funding to provide ample stability and flexibility in all markets. We continue to focus on balance sheet durability and believe that ephemeral sources of funding such as commercial paper are not appropriate for banks. Slide 15 illustrates the asset liability funding model that we've shown you before, aligning more liquid assets with shorter term liabilities and less liquid assets with longer term liabilities. Please turn to Slide 16, which shows our long-term debt maturity profile. We continue to issue globally across multiple channels in order to support a diversified investor base. I'll now turn the call over to Tom Wipf to discuss secured funding.
Tom Wipf: Slide 17; as we've discussed with you before, our four pillars of secured funding ensured durability and stability in our secured funding book. First, WAM provides appropriate time based on asset fundability. Second, roll down targets limit total liabilities maturing in any given period and give us a smooth maturity profile. Third, concentration targets increase investor diversification and limit reliance on any single investor. And finally, we've build spare capacity as an additional risk mitigate against sudden shocks in the market that could reduce rollover weights. Please turn to Slide 18. Our approach to secured funding is consistent with our approach to long-term debt. We follow asset-based model to obtain the appropriate term consistent with the fundability of the underlying assets in the secured market. Our assets are reviewed daily according to our rules-based fundability criteria and are re-categorized real-time based on their liquidity characteristics in the prevailing market environment. We look at assets down to [Q-suite] (ph) level in four categories of fundability; Super Green, Green, Amber and Red. Those categories indicate the availability of secured funding for that asset class. The fully-loaded cost of this funding is allocated to the businesses at an asset and a desk level. There has been some industry discussion about minimum haircut requirements as regulators consider changes to the wholesale funding markets. As you might expect, we're very supportive of the application of market-wide haircuts and believe that the safety and soundness that they will provide to the system more than offset any potential drag on market liquidity. Turning to Slide 19; pillar one, longer WAM provides appropriate flexibility to manage the liquidity horizon of assets. In aggregate the WAM of the entire secured funding book excluding Super Green assets continues to exceed our target of 120 days. This accomplished two key goals. First, it increases the durability of funding. And second, it reduces the liquidity reserve requirements needed as a contingency for loss of secured funding. On Slide 20, we highlight a recent study by the federal reserve bank of New York on weighted average maturity in the U.S. secured funding markets. Although overall WAM has increased broadly across the industry improvement is widely dispersed across dealers with 25% of the population having a WAM of 26 days or less. Morgan Stanley is a leader with WAM of greater than 120 days which puts us well above the 75th percentile in the study. We believe that having appropriate WAM is an essential requirement for durable funding. Turning to Slide 21; pillar two and pillar three, monthly maturity targets and investor concentration targets both of which reduced refinancing risk. Pillar two establishes a monthly maturity target which gives us a smooth maturity profile within the secured book thereby reducing roll over risk. Pillar three sets investor concentration targets to increase investor diversification limiting reliance on any single investor. The highlight or focus on pillar three, at the bottom of the slide we've broken out the number of term investors in the secured book. We have a significant and diverse pool of investors with strong geographic diversification. Turning to Slide 22, pillar four, spear capacity. Spear capacity eliminates the need to access markets for the first 30 days of a stress event and reduces our needs for the 60 days thereafter. It also provides ample flexibility to accommodate surges and market based client demand during periods of greater activity. Spear capacity represents total secured funding liabilities in excess of our inventory. In other words, our spear capacity has created excess contractual term funding, which allows us to have a durable funding profile in both stressed and favorable market environments. Besides our spear capacity using a number of conservative assumptions about theoretically what could occur in a stress environment. These assumptions are not Morgan Stanley specific and are more diverse than market conditions during observed stress periods. We collateralized spear capacity liability of super green assets, but we can contractually substitute them with less liquid assets. Now, I'll turn the call back to David to discuss liquidity.
David Russo: Turning to Slide 23, the net outcome of all we've talked about is durable liquidity. We divide our liquidity reserve into two buckets, bank and non-bank. Our bank liquidity declined in the second quarter of 2014 primarily driven by the deployment of excess cash from deposits into our loans, which is consistent with the bank's strategy we have discussed previously. Please turn to Slide 24. We continue to focus on liquidity at both the parent and legal entity level. Our approach at the legal entity level is consistent with the increased focus across the industry on subsidiary liquidity. As you may recall we run our liquidity stress test at the legal entity level first supporting a bottoms-up approach. This ensures efficient liquidity at each legal entity while also maintaining ample reserves at the parent. Turning to Slide 25, our pro forma Basel LCR remains well in excess of 100%. Our strong liquidity coverage ratio is an outcome of our prudent approach to liquidity risk management including the extension of the weighted average maturity of secured funding, the size and quality of our liquidity reserve, the composition of our funding stack and the size and composition of our unfunded lending portfolio. Slide 26 provides detail on our deposit base and its LCR characteristics. Our Bank Deposit Program or BDP represents a 109 billion of our total firm deposits. The BDP deposits are sourced from firm's wealth management clients and represent the working capital in client accounts. These deposits are stable over economic cycles and observed periods of stress and we view them as a source of durable funding. The slide provides detail on the nature of our BDP deposits, 100% are interest-bearing, approximately 75% are insures, which enhances the stability of the deposits in times of market or idiosyncratic stress, and 80% qualify as LCR liquidity value. We will receive approximately 20 billion of additional deposits from Citi our former JV partner by July 2015 with similar characteristics to the BDP deposits we already have on our balance sheet. Given the nature of these deposits we would also expect them to grow roughly inline with total client assets over time. Please turn to Slide 27; our final topic, capital management. We continue to have strong capital ratios as measured under Basel three. Our pro forma Basel three common equity tier one ratio under the fully faced in advanced approach was approximately 12.1% at June 30th, reflecting our best estimate under the final Federal Reserve rules. Our strong capital ratios are supported by a high quality capital stack which is illustrated on slide 28. We are focused on optimizing our capital stack and issued approximately 1.7 billion of preferred stock in 2013 and 1.8 billion in the first half of 2014. We have approximately 4.9 billion of trust preferred securities outstanding and view them as valuable tier one and tier two capital, which phase out over an extended period of time. With regards to subordinated debt, we have issued 4 billion since the beginning of 2013 and believe it represents valuable Tier two capital. On slide 29 we have provided our various capital and leverage ratios under the relevant regulatory regimes. We continue to have strong risk based capital ratios and are on a clear path to an SLR of greater than 5% in 2015. Thank you. And we'll now take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of James Strecker with Wells Fargo.
James Strecker: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for having the call. Just a quick question, I didn't see an update on the 2014 funding plan, obviously you all made a lot of progress in the first half. By our math, it actually looks like (indiscernible) essentially be done, obviously there is an opportunity to be opportunistic, but in spreads where they are, but just kind of want to get your thoughts there.
David Russo: Yes. The second half of 2014 should look similar to the first half of 2014 in size. This outlook is that unsecured debt outstanding should be approximately unchanged overall on the year. And this is a revision from the last time we spoke; it reflects the dynamic nature of our balance sheet.
James Strecker: Okay. Thanks for that color. And then maybe just kind of going down the stack a little bit to Tier one and Tier two needs. You guys still haven't -- very modestly needs to be fair, but still maybe a billion more in Tier one and maybe 2 billion in Tier two to hit 150-200 bips of Basel III RWAs respectively. Is that the right way to look at it? I know you talked about getting SLR compliant next year , but is there any desire to maybe accelerate that preferred issuance to get there a little bit sooner?
David Russo: I think it's premature to say what an ultimate optimal amount is. Over the past one and a half years we have been optimizing our capital stack with respective preferred subject. As we mentioned, we did the 1.8 billion of preferred earlier this year. And that really reflects us pulling forward the full year plan based on the outsized demand that we received. So we'll continue to assess opportunities we preferred over time. With respect to subject, the same thing, we will just continue to look at optimizing this over time.
James Strecker: Okay, great. Thanks for that, David. Maybe one for Ruth if I could, the situation in Ukraine and Russia continues to get a little bit more unsettling day-by-day. Is that having any negative drag on what's been a pretty strong performance in EMEA recently?
Ruth Porat: No. It ends up the pick up in activities that we saw in Europe has been quite broad-based. And when we look at the investment banking pipeline, it continues to be strong. The trends that drove the M&A pick up are compelling. We've talked about them quite a bit, the upsize in deal size which really placed our sweet spot more cross-border activity, more corporate engagement, corporate activity. So at this point what we are really seeing is a focus by corporate clients to proceed with deals that are strategically compelling and the velocity of deals have picked up by which I mean the assessment phase moving through pipeline to completion we see on the back of that financing activity that's coming. We are also separately us healthy and actually increasing financing pipeline. So at this point I have not seen any spill over, clearly, backdrop is always important. But at this point it's continuing to be quite healthy.
James Strecker: Okay, great. Thanks, everyone.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Smalley with UBS.
Robert Smalley: Hi, thanks very much. A couple of quick questions on funding side, I'm looking at slide 20 when we -- importance of durability. And you are talking about the WAM being greater than 120 days versus 78 as if that study pointed out. How much does Morgan Stanley pay up for that extension? Do you feel like you are paying up for that? And given where rates are and that we have a lot of real compression around rates, would that change in a rising rate environment when we might get a steeper front-end?
David Russo: So first it will just cost -- certainly a significant cost, but durability of funding is our first principle and durability is not cheap. So you can clearly see that the numbers as you go out the curve, well, for us the question isn't about cost. Morgan Stanley and some of our peers have chosen to invest to achieve that durability and some others haven't. When we think about a rising rate environment our focus is going to be across the assets that we fund. So although we look at that overall, our main goal is it continues to be durability.
Robert Smalley: Okay. Could you give us some idea of the relative cost of that if you run that?
David Russo: Not at this point. I think what we like to do is we could focus across the four pillars, goal being durability and again you can see the numbers even if you look at the curve out from one day out to 120 days or greater.
Robert Smalley: Okay. That makes sense. And in terms of your acceptance in this part of the marketplace, I know certainly -- obviously we have seen spreads come in across all fixed income classes. How was the perception among the counter party credit community, they are usually the last ones to change their mind about things. And when you look at how your haircut in terms of counter party risk, is it coming back to the way that you yourselves haircut other similar type of firms?
David Russo: We look at our haircuts based on the assets. That's been a focus we have for a long time. But certainly we have been within the market for many years.
Robert Smalley: Okay. One last question, I was going through some notes the other day and several quarters ago you've talked about a goal of deposits plus shareholders equity equaling 50% of the funding stack. You are getting there pretty quickly. Is that still a goal? Or is that something that you would look to exceed over time?
David Russo: Yes.
Robert Smalley: That was my problem for asking two questions at the same time. So that's still a goal and so that's kind of a medium-term goal in the next year or two. And then after that you will look opportunistically to go past the 50%.
David Russo: Yes. There are additional opportunities for growth in the deposit base. Deposits that can be measured as a percent of total client assets; and as you mentioned in the prepared comments, as those grow, deposits could grow as well.
Robert Smalley: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of (indiscernible) with Citigroup.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks again for hosting the call. Just a question on Slide 23, the liquidity reserve mix; the interest-bearing deposits with banks is down to 11% from 20% while securities available for sale increased from 26% to 34% from the last six months or so. I was just curious to see if you are at the right mix there or how we should think about this going forward?
David Russo: We will always be focused on ultra high quality assets in our liquidity pool. And there were times when we believe that it's a better investment to put it in overnight deposit at a bank. The other times we think it's more appropriate to put it in something more like a treasury security. In this case I think what we are seeing is a transfer of fewer deposits at banks and increased holdings of treasury securities.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And just one other question, thanks for the extra detail on the equity sales and trading. And just the growth there, I was curious if you could talk a little bit about the areas maybe with the biggest improvements. And then additionally is this a mix of getting closer with client relationships or these other banks pulling back it is where you are seeing the growth there?
Ruth Porat: It's really a little of both, where we run the franchise, they often talk about our nine box strategy. We focus across product, the three boxes being cash derivatives and prime brokerage. And then across region Americas, EMEA and Asia, and within each box we look to go very deep with clients. And then very importantly, we talk about adjacencies across the various boxes. So the deeper we go with clients in TB, our view is the deeper we would expect to see them going across cash derivatives and globally with us. And it's really that attention at a quite granular level with our clients on the back of all the investments that we've made in the franchise that has enabled us to have a leading position. And we do think that we are benefiting on the margin from some players downsizing in certain areas that they have been in. but fundamentally the strength has been a very consistent one for many years and that does build on the back of what has been a lot of investments in the equity franchise.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you again.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of David Trone with Prudential.
David Trone: Hi. On the SLR ratio, what's the bridged, again, if you could remind us in getting above the 5% mark and the timing on that?
Ruth Porat: We are looking to -- we've gone from 4.2% in the end of the first quarter to 4.6% at the end of the second quarter. The key driver for that was really an enumerator this quarter from earnings, the preferred issuance multiplied in fact with DTAs and the investment capacity deduction. Then the balance of the driver, we expect to be above -- it will be above 5% in 2015. And we've a number of work streams that will really continue to move that ratio up above the 5% in 2015. Obviously the numerator in earnings will continue to be an important contributor, but across the denominator the work streams include things like focusing on compression activity where that pace continues to be strong. We've accomplished a lot year-to-date. We've got a strong pipeline and ongoing engagement with banks on both sides of the Atlantic. So we do think that compression will be one key opportunity, obviously the run down in risk-weighted assets that I noted, continues to help the denominator because much of that is in areas (indiscernible). And then, the net long CDS sold was added to the calculation of the ratio. And we're focused on again mitigating the impact of that addition. So, across the spectrum we have work streams. Again to look at opportunities to reduce some of the elements of the SLR without impacting what we're doing from a client franchise. And with that said, we think there are ample opportunities. What that does is result in the 5% number in 2015, well ahead of the 2018 requirement.
David Trone: Are we talking about early part of 2015 or …
Ruth Porat: Yes. We've said in 2015 and I think the important point was the last point of my sentence which is the requirement is a 2018 requirement. We're well on our way, and we've got good set of work steams across the various components to achieve that requirement in 2015.
David Trone: Got it. And then the bank; is that above or -- the plan to be above the 6% mark similar?
Ruth Porat: Yes.
David Trone: Okay, going to.
Ruth Porat: I'm sorry. To be clear, yes, the bank is above the requirement now. We've …
David Trone: It's above the requirement? Okay.
Ruth Porat: Yes, above the requirement now. We capitalize the banks to support loan growth in the banks. And so, both with respect to capital and liquidity, we're in a very strong position with our banks. And again, that's very much consistent with the notion that in 2009 when we created the joint venture with Citi we knew that at some point we'd contractually start receiving these deposits as we bought out the joint venture stake, and we wanted to build the infrastructure in all of the requirements to support very prudent consistent loan growth in appropriately capitalized set of entities. So we have built that early along with credit risk management and all of the other processes required to support again prudent loan growth in the bank.
David Trone: And lastly on the trending sale, the commodity business to Rosneft; is that going to be impacted by the new set of sanctions?
Ruth Porat: Well, given all this going on from a deal perspective, this is obviously uncharted territory, but we do continue to work towards closing in the back half of the year, and it does remain subject to regulatory approval.
David Trone: Is there a break-up fee?
Ruth Porat: We're -- yes, we'll give the updates if there are. As I said we're working on closing towards the back half of the year, and there is regulatory approval and we'll give updates if there are updates -- when there are updates.
David Trone: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pri de Silva with CreditSights.
Pri de Silva: Following up on David's question on the SLR, SLR seems to be the main primary capital constraint for Morgan Stanley as well as couple of your peers. How do you think about the size of the balance sheet in terms of your capital management needs and the desire to return capital to shareholders?
Ruth Porat: We moved to greater than 5% in 2015. It reflects the opportunities we have with both the numerator and the denominator. And as I said, one of the important points is that we're looking at the move to greater than 5%, again, with increasing returns of capital that are consistent with supporting our client franchise. We're very strong with these capital measures. We have a clear path to achieve the SLR well ahead of the requirement. And we have ample capacity to put balance sheet and capital behind clients and client demand. And so, in our view when you break it down to the items that I've already delineated, we have ample opportunity. To the extent it makes sense to have any changes in balance sheet whether higher or lower, that's really driven by client activity in our perspective on the opportunity set for the firm. And one of the key elements that we really look to is delivering for clients as we're driving a higher ROE for the firm and the elements that we're focused on with respect to the SLR are substantial. They take us to this higher level, but again, the decisions on cash balance sheet will be driven by client activity and our perspective on that.
Pri de Silva: Thanks, Ruth, and that's helpful. The last thing I have, which is a rather outbound question, how do you look at the FAA ALM risk in develop management business?
David Russo: We continue to run a traditional asset liability model in our banks, and I'm assuming you're really talking about the lending activities in the banks, and we have a large deposit base against that. We'll appropriately size our AFS portfolio, we've discussed in the past, both to invest our excess cash from the growing deposit base as well as looking at the fixed rate characteristics of it against the various interest rate characteristics of the lending portfolio will be very prudent and it's a very traditional model.
Pri de Silva: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And there seem to be no further questions at this time. Celeste Brown We really appreciate you joining us on our Friday morning during the summer, and look forward to speaking to you all of you very soon.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-17 14:45:00) =====
Celeste Brown: Good morning. This is Celeste Brown, Head of Investor Relations, and welcome to our First Quarter Earnings call. Today’s presentation may include forward-looking statements which reflect management’s current estimates or beliefs and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. The presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our SEC filings at morganstanley.com for a reconciliation of such non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP figures and for a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of Morgan Stanley. This presentation, which is copyrighted by Morgan Stanley and may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent, is not an offer to buy or sell any security or instrument. I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James Gorman: Thank you, Celeste. Good morning everybody and thanks for joining us. Before I comment on our performance this quarter, I’ll discuss our thoughts on capital returns both for this year and for the medium to long term. The recently completed CCAR was a significant inflection point for us. As you know, we secured a non-objection to increase our capital returns. We respect the CCAR process and made significant investments in that process over the past several years and we have a program specifically focused on continuing to raise the bar each cycle. In 2013, we asked for and received a non-objection to maintain our dividend and the ability to purchase the balance of the wealth management business. In mid-2013, we applied for our first buyback since 2007 of $500 million. In this latest CCAR, we applied to double the dividend, our first increase since 2007 and a $1 billion buyback. We intend to (indiscernible) to our capital request in future years. Going forward, we will look to drive our dividend yield to at least levels commensurate with the broader S&P, which has historically been around 2%, sustained by growing earnings from wealth and investment management. In fact, an 80 to 100% payout on just the earnings from wealth and investment management suggests an annual dividend at two or three times our recent increased level just based on 2013 earnings and share count. In addition to growing our dividend substantially, we expect to continue to increase our buyback with a focus on both mitigating employee issuance and reducing our share count. Share buybacks will make up the difference between dividends and the total payouts which we intend to drive toward 100% of churn earnings over the next several years. Now clearly when we can do this is obviously a function of regulatory approval. Turning now to the businesses in the first quarter, in challenging markets for institutional and retail investors, we drove our revenues and PBT higher across our three business segments versus a year ago as we continued to execute against our strategic plan. Ex-DVA, our revenues were up 4% versus the first quarter of 2013 while our expenses were up 1%. Our expense ratios improved across the segments and our overall earnings per share grew 13%. In fact, ex-DVA our earnings grew despite a significantly higher tax rate than a year ago. ROTE from continuing operations excluding DVA improved as well to 9.8% while ROE improved to 8.3%, up 130 basis points and 80 basis points year-over-year respectively. We continue to work towards sustainably higher ROEs across all of our businesses through the execution of our strategy with a particular focus on growth in the bank, which we believe is substantial, as well as on a fixed income ROE and our broader firm-wide expenses. I look forward to your questions at the end of the call. I’ll now turn it over to Ruth to discuss the results in detail.
Ruth Porat: Good morning. I will provide both GAAP results and results excluding the effect of DVA. We have provided reconciliations in the footnotes to the earnings release to reconcile these non-GAAP measures. The impact of DVA in the quarter was positive $126 million with $76 million in fixed income sales and trading and $50 million in equities sales and trading. Excluding the impact of DVA, firm-wide revenues were $8.8 billion, up 7% versus the fourth quarter. The effective tax rate from continuing operations was 33%. Earnings from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders excluding DVA were approximately $1.3 billion. Earnings from continuing operations per diluted share excluding DVA were $0.68 after preferred dividends. On a GAAP basis including the impact of DVA, firm-wide revenues for the quarter were $8.9 billion, earnings from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders were $1.4 billion, reported earnings from continuing operations per diluted share were $0.72 after preferred dividends. Book value at the end of the quarter was $32.38 per share and tangible book value was $27.41 per share. Turning to the balance sheet, our total assets were $835 billion at March 31. Deposits at quarter-end were $117 billion, up $4 billion versus 4Q. Our liquidity reserve at the end of the quarter was $203 billion compared with $202 billion at the end of the fourth quarter. Turning to capital, although our calculations are not final, we believe that our common equity Tier 1 transitional ratio will be approximately 14.1% and our Tier 1 capital ratio under this regime will be approximately 15.6%. Risk-weighted assets are expected to be approximately $398 billion at March 31. Reflecting our best estimate of the final Federal Reserve rules, our common equity Tier 1 ratio using the pro forma Basel III fully phased in advanced approach was 11.6% at March 31. Our pro forma standardized ratio was 10.2%. We estimate our pro forma supplementary leverage ratio under the recent U.S. regulatory proposal to be approximately 4.2%. For reference, under the prior methodology, our supplementary leverage ratio is 4.5%, up from 4.2%. These estimates are preliminary and are subject to revision. We continue to expect to see the required 5% level in 2015, including an assumption for increasing returns of capital to shareholders despite the Fed’s recently announced more demanding requirements. In addition to the mitigation items we highlighted on the fourth quarter call, we see opportunities to mitigate the recent inclusion of the CDS long add-on through steps such as compression, re-hedging, and roll down. Turning to expenses, our total expenses this quarter were $6.6 billion, down 18% versus the fourth quarter due to significantly lower legal expense, seasonality, and our focus on cost reduction. Compensation expense was up 8% versus the prior quarter on higher revenue. Non-compensation expense was $2.3 billion primarily reflecting lower legal expenses, seasonality, and cost management. Let me now discuss our businesses in detail. In institutional securities, revenues excluding DVA were $4.5 billion, up 21% sequentially. Non-interest expense was $3.3 billion, down 29% versus the fourth quarter. Compensation was $1.9 billion for the first quarter, up versus the fourth quarter on higher revenue, reflecting a 41% ratio excluding DVA. The decline in non-compensation expense to $1.4 billion primarily reflected significantly lower legal expenses. The business reported a pre-tax profit of $1.2 billion excluding the impact of DVA. Including the impact of DVA, revenues were $4.6 billion and pre-tax profit was $1.4 billion. In investment banking, revenues of $1.1 billion were down 17% versus last quarter, reflecting seasonality. Results represent strong performance for our first quarter across all products. According to Thomson Reuters, Morgan Stanley ranked number one in global announced M&A and number two in global IPOs and global equity and equity linked at the end of the first quarter. Notable transactions included: in advisory, Morgan Stanley acted as advisor on the five largest transactions, including as exclusive financial advisor to WhatsApp on its $16 billion sale to Facebook – this transaction reflects Morgan Stanley’s continued leadership in the largest and most complex transactions in the technology sector; and as exclusive financial advisor to Suntory Holdings in its acquisition of Beam Inc. for $16 billion. This continues our leadership in cross-border activity as well as in Japan. In equity underwriting, Morgan Stanley acted as joint global coordinator for the $2 billion IPO of Altice Group. This is the largest ever IPO of a cable operator in EMEA. Morgan Stanley also recently acted as lead financial advisor to Altice Numericable on its acquisition of Vivendi’s phone unit, SFR, including acting as joint book runner on its €16 billion of non-investment grade acquisition financing. In debt underwriting, Morgan Stanley also acted as active book runner for Exxon Mobile Corporation’s $5.5 billion offering of senior unsecured notes. This transaction is Exxon’s first U.S. dollar senior unsecured debt offering. Advisory revenues of $336 million declined 25% versus our fourth quarter results due primarily to seasonality. Announced advisory transactions were up significantly versus a year ago. Equity underwriting revenues of $315 million were down 24% versus the fourth quarter driven by lower global market volumes and typical seasonality. Fixed income underwriting revenues were $485 million, essentially flat to the fourth quarter as market activity remained at very high levels. Equity sales and trading revenues excluding DVA were $1.7 billion, an increase of 13% from last quarter. Revenues were strong across regions and products driven by higher client activity. Case revenues were up driven by increased volumes in all regions. Prime brokerage revenues were up significantly driven by higher balances and robust client portfolio management activities. Derivatives revenues grew as volatility trended higher. Fixed income and commodities sales and trading revenues excluding DVA were $1.7 billion, up significantly from the fourth quarter. Revenues increased significantly in all major products. Commodities saw broad-based strength across the energy complex driven by extreme weather in North America and increased client demand. Revenues outside of commodities were driven higher by seasonality and strength in credit products. Average trading VAR for the first quarter was $50 million, essentially flat to the fourth quarter. Turning to wealth management, revenues were $3.6 billion in the first quarter. Asset management revenues of $2 billion were up versus last quarter, reflecting the benefit of higher market levels at the beginning of the period and positive flows. Transaction revenues decreased 10% from last quarter, consisting primarily of commissions of $540 million, down 6% versus the prior quarter due to fewer trading days; investment banking-related fees of $181 million, down 12% versus last quarter, reflecting a lower U.S. equity underwriting calendar, most notably with fewer closed-in funds; and trading revenues of $275 million, down 15% versus the fourth quarter, reflecting lower gains in deferred compensation plans. Net interest revenue increased 2% to $539 million driven primarily by higher revenues from our bank deposit program and continued growth in our lending products. Other revenue decreased to $62 million from $110 million. Net interest expense was $2.9 billion, down 3% versus last quarter. The compensation ratio was 60%, up versus the fourth quarter due to seasonality. Non-compensation expense was $762 million, down 13% versus last quarter due to the absence of an impairment charge as well as continued expense discipline. The PBT margin was 19%. Profit before tax was $691 million. Total client assets surpassed $1.9 trillion. Global fee-based asset flows were $19 billion, a record level. Fee-based assets under management increased to a record $724 billion at quarter-end, representing 37% of client assets. Global representatives were 16,426, essentially flat to the fourth quarter. Bank deposits were $132 billion, down $1.6 billion versus the fourth quarter. Approximately $108 billion were held in Morgan Stanley banks. We continued to grow our wealth management lending balances and increase our penetration rates with our retail client base. Our mortgage balances increased 10% and our PLA balances increased 9%, while our committed undrawn PLA facilities grew at an even more rapid pace. Investment management revenues of $740 million were down 12% from the fourth quarter. In traditional asset management, revenues of $437 million were up 2% from the fourth quarter driven by higher market levels and client flows. In real estate investing, revenues of $131 million were down 18% driven by lower investment gains. Merchant banking revenues were $172 million, down 32% driven by a tough comparison to very strong investment gains in the fourth quarter. Expenses were $477 million, down 6% from the fourth quarter due to declines in compensation and non-compensation expenses. Profit before tax was $263 million, down 22% sequentially. MCI was $54 million versus $46 million last quarter. Total assets under management increased to $382 billion driven by market appreciation and increased flows. Turning to our outlook, as we begin the second quarter, our investment banking pipeline is strong across all products. M&A is particularly robust. The pipeline is growing with an increase in activity from EMEA and Asia. On the financing side, the flow is healthy for both equity and fixed income underwriting. With respect to sales and trading, overall economic and market conditions continue to be favorable for equities; however, the challenges that weighed on certain parts of fixed income markets for much the quarter persist. On the retail side, trading activity is consistent with levels we saw in the first quarter, though we enter the tailwind from higher equity markets. In addition, we continue to have momentum with FA adoption and client penetration is increasing, an important driver of growth, profitability, and increased earnings consistency. Over the last several years, we have assiduously worked to reposition our businesses in a way that is aligned with regulatory change. We have made the tough decisions, provided metrics to demonstrate our progress, and have a suite of businesses that are complementary. Thank you for listening, and James and I will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with ISI.
Glenn Schorr: Hello. So I have a couple parter on commodities first, just if you could frame how much of a contributor it was to FIC in the quarter, whether it be relative to last year or prior peaks – obviously something went very well there.
Ruth Porat: Well, there were a number of important factors in the overall FIC performance, strength in commodities clearly being a big driver given volatility in the market due to weather and robust client activity; but as I noted, we also had strength in credit corporate and mortgages, and those continue to be strong areas for us. So overall, it was up meaningfully. It was the biggest driver in year-over-year performance.
Glenn Schorr: Okay, and I don’t know if there’s anything you can update us on. There’s one of the competitors sold a piece of their physical business. You guys have been contemplating that. A, if there’s an update on that/ and b, in the quarter how much of a contributor was that, just for the thought process on the go-forward?
Ruth Porat: Sure, yeah. To try and help you size it, you exclude the two physical oil businesses that we’re selling, overall fixed income was up slightly year-over-year on a percentage basis, so still up excluding those two physical oil businesses. And then in terms of where we stand on that, we’re continuing to work on the sale of Transmontaigne and we’ll give you an update when we have something more to say on that.
Glenn Schorr: Okay, that’s cool. You also mentioned and we could see it in the numbers, prime brokerage is doing awesome. Curious on how you weigh that business doing as good as it’s doing with the fact that you still have the lowest leverage ratio in the group and have some work to do. So I heard your comments on what you can do in derivs land, but is there any pricing benefit that you can pass through on prime brokerage? Just curious how you balance that.
Ruth Porat: Well, I think there are really two different points within your question. Prime brokerage is a gem franchise for us. We’ve spent a lot of time talking about how we manage our business across nine boxes, product on the one hand, cash, derivatives and PB and geography on the other hand – Americas, Europe and Asia – and we manage really intently within each box. But over many quarters, I’ve talked about the importance of adjacencies, in particular with our PB clients. The deeper we go with them, the deeper they go across our franchise, so we think have a very positive, strong, mutually productive relationship with our PB clients, and that’s an important franchise for us. If I switch to the leverage part of your question, in our view we have a very strong, clear path to improve our leverage ratio, and it is consistent with the business strategy we’ve talked about. The real levers are things that go to things like compression trades or RWA rundown and spec, so that’s a very different answer. It doesn’t affect what we are talking about here on the PB franchise side.
Glenn Schorr: Okay, cool. I appreciate that. Last one – without opening too many cans of worms here, I wanted to get your thoughts on all the focus on high frequency and what it means for your equity business. How can you help us frame that? That would be super-helpful.
Ruth Porat: Sure. You know, since 2009 Morgan Stanley has been very vocal with regulators and has been on the record about the necessity for changes to market structure to protect clients. We’ve advocated for increased transparency and trading protocol. You can see that in docs we’ve filed with regulators as far back as 2009 – they’re all in the public domain, so we welcome ongoing enhancement to equity market structure. I think we’ve been a leading voice in this area for a long time and in fact we’ve implemented protocol and governance consistent with this in our business.
Glenn Schorr: And then maybe just to be annoying, the book mentions a really big number for Speedway, and I think it controls a lot of volume. I don’t know if you want to help us with what’s the real number in terms of contribution or size that.
Ruth Porat: Well, just to clarify what it is, it’s an execution tool in our electronic trading toolkit. It’s consistent with offerings across the Street. We make it available to all our clients, many of whom you’re familiar with, and the key to us in all that we do is risk management. Risk management checks add latency, and latency is inconsistent with extreme speed strategies. And also to clear up any source of confusion, it facilitates connectivity only to (indiscernible) around the world. It doesn’t connect to any dark pool anywhere, and overall H&Ps (ph) are not a meaningful driver of our business.
Glenn Schorr: Okay, that’s good for me. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Guy Moszkowski with Autonomous Research.
Guy Moszkowski: Thanks, good morning. I noticed that the capital allocated to the institutional business came down by about $1.5 billion linked quarter. Is that directly related to RWA reductions that you would have had in the fixed income business, or it more complicated than that? And if it is, maybe you can explain to us what’s driving it.
Ruth Porat: Sure. It is more complicated than that, but we did have a further reduction in risk-weighted assets in fixed income. They’re in fact down to $199 billion as of the first quarter, down from $210 billion in the fourth quarter, so continuing to make progress there. The way we calculate required capital is based on whatever the capital regime is in place at a point in time. In this quarter as a result of the regime change, in particular with the Basel I numerator moving to the transitional Basel III numerator, that drove the capital reallocation. The Basel III transitional numerator by definition has deductions that phase in over time, so in managing the business we look towards a Basel III fully phased in lens. There are a couple of moving pieces – yes, we reduced the risk-weighted assets, but the biggest driver here at the table is the regime change.
Guy Moszkowski: Got it. And if I can just relate the comment that you made about the increase in the old-style SLR in the quarter, which I think you alluded to about 30 basis points, how does that relate to the target that you laid out back in January for a 30 or 40 basis point increase just from exposure, compression and the like? Is that being driven by that, or were there other puts and takes?
Ruth Porat: So there were a number of drivers. As I said, we’re still very comfortable – greater than 5% in 2015, and with increasing returns of capital. This quarter in the numerator, we benefited from higher earnings, and as we talked in prior calls, that adds what I keep calling a multiplier effect because it reduces the deductions on DTAs, and importantly it also increases the investment capacity for those items that get into that 10% bucket, thereby reducing the numerator deduction. In addition to that, we have been quite focused on mitigating some of the numerator deductions, so you’re seeing the benefit of that beginning to flow through, and then in the denominator of course we continue in with compression trades in RWA reductions, as I indicated.
Guy Moszkowski: Got it, and then just to beat a little bit on the SLR horse, there has been a proposal made just in the month of March by Basel—people assign different acronyms to it, but I’ve heard SACCR, which would be a standardized approach to counterparty credit, which I’ve heard broadly could be a plus as well. I was wondering if you had done any numbers on that preliminarily.
Ruth Porat: Yeah, if SACCR is adopted, that would be about a 50 basis point benefit to the SLR and a 30 basis point benefit to the standardized ratio.
Guy Moszkowski: Wow, so it’s quite meaningful.
Ruth Porat: It is.
Guy Moszkowski: And you’re calling it SACCR – is that a patented Morgan Stanley term?
Ruth Porat: You can use it if you want.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay, thanks. I guess the only other question that I would really have would be if you could—you know, we talked a little bit about commodities and the fact that fixed income would still have been up, or FIC would still have been up year-over-year even with the planned sales having taken place. Can you give us a little bit more color on what you saw in the rates business in the quarter, because obviously for banks that have a heavier contribution from rates and from FX, so what’s called the macro businesses, we saw much, much weaker results so far.
Ruth Porat: Well look, I think that we—and I said this—and we saw the same headwinds you’ve heard from others with lower client activity. That was a tougher market, just given all that was going on in the environment. For our rates business, it was down year-over-year, reflecting lower volumes, but up nicely versus last quarter. We are really focused on this centralized, federalized resource management across all of the macro product, but it was a tougher part of the market.
Guy Moszkowski: Got it. So mix was just one of the more important differentiators for you guys, I guess?
Ruth Porat: It was. As I said, it was commodities, it was credit, it was mortgage.
Guy Moszkowski: Right. Just one final question on wealth management – a 10% increase in the loan balances linked quarter is obviously strategically what we want to see, but it is a very large percentage on what’s starting to be a fairly sizeable business. How comfortable are you that your risk controls are where they need to be in what’s obviously been a tough mortgage market?
Ruth Porat: So the growth—again, we’ve got a couple of things going for us. One is very low penetration with a very large client base. We’re meaningfully underpenetrated versus our peers, and we’ve been slow to build this product precisely for the reason you flagged, which is top of our list, which is ensure tight, proper credit risk management and all of the processes around it, as well as ensuring that it’s a good experience for our clients and our financial advisors. So it’s up a nice percentage. I would say the other thing that’s benefiting that is it’s up a nice percentage off of a small number, and we’re continuing to see good growth in the mortgage side given this low penetration. We’re finding that FAs who use the product are using it longer and increasing their penetration. The credit standards are very tight – you know, FICO (indiscernible) 50, LTV 60%; and again, it’s with our client base so we know the clients. We have their assets here. The other growth area in PLA is a very—is the highly over-collateralized, significantly over-collateralized product, as I think you know. It’s securities-based lending, and again it’s all with our existing client base. There’s virtually no credit losses to date, and risk management has been the driver across all of these businesses.
Guy Moszkowski: Great. Thanks so much for taking my questions.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning guys. So just a real quick one to clarify, I believe, Ruth, you said that your IB backlog is up. Just wanted to make sure – is that based on year-end, because Goldman highlighted that their IB backlog actually shrunk since year-end.
Ruth Porat: So our backlog is up across all products from year-end. M&A, as I noted, in particular is strong and the pipeline continues to build. I think you can see that just from the flurry of announcements that have occurred since quarter-end.
Brennan Hawken: Yeah – no, it’s great. It’s just good to see continued momentum there. Then another one – the CCAR was sort of a surprise here to some firms this year, and I guess the Fed highlighted some process improvements in their comments. Do you guys have any outstanding process improvements with the Fed, and was there anything in that CCAR process that sort of jumped out that investors should be aware of?
Ruth Porat: So I think the whole industry is waiting kind of the formal Fed feedback process, but I think—you know, we generally received positive feedback about our processes. As James said in his opening comments, we’ve invested meaningfully in the process and for the last several years, we had something we call our CIP program – continuous improvement program. So regardless of what we even hear back, we look to up the approach and the analytics each year, and that process hasn’t stopped. We continue to raise the bar for ourselves on the overall process. We feel good about our processes around CCAR.
Brennan Hawken: Terrific. And is it your view that the Fed feels good about your processes as well? I understand you can’t—based on the information you received from the Fed, is that your perception?
James Gorman: Brennan, I don’t think we want to get in the business of trying to explain what the Fed’s view or isn’t. All that mattered to us is we put in for a buyback and dividend and they are approved, and we’re continuing down the path that we laid out.
Brennan Hawken: Appreciate it. Just trying to maybe get some insights into what is proving to be a very murky process for all of us on this end.
James Gorman: Understood.
Brennan Hawken: Then is it right that you guys have slimmed down your management structure in wealth management? I think we saw a reduction in the number of divisions and regions. And maybe, could you help us think about whether that’s driven by potential expense basics or whether that’s done to slim down decision-making and the like. Maybe help us understand that move a little bit.
James Gorman: I think it’s probably what I would describe as the last gasp post-the integration. This has been a four-year integration, and now that the business is very stable, I think the FA account was flat to maybe modestly up. The new leadership under Shelley O’Connor determined that she could make some changes there to just make the organization faster moving, a little more nimble, a little more efficient, and put the team in place to make that happen.
Brennan Hawken: Great. Thanks a lot for taking the questions.
James Gorman: No problem.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Mike Mayo: Hi. So to the extent that prime brokerage has performed better, can you give us any numbers around that – what are the prime brokerage revenues this quarter versus a year or two ago, or can you give us some market share figures around your prime brokerage business?
Ruth Porat: Well as you know, we don’t break out components within businesses. The client balances and revenues are all up quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year.
Mike Mayo: Okay, and how does it compare to the time of the crisis? I remember a lot of clients were leaving Morgan Stanley and then they’ve come back. Have you gotten back to pre-crisis levels? Do you expect to get back there?
Ruth Porat: These are the highest balances that we’ve had since the crisis. We’ve continued to nicely steadily build.
Mike Mayo: Okay. Shifting over to wealth management, you’re redeploying the deposits. What are the yields and margin that you’re getting as you deploy those deposits?
Ruth Porat: So last quarter in the deck, we laid out a couple of things because we thought it was important as everyone was doing their analysis that we show you what the asset growth would be and the changing mix over time as we moved from cash into FAS and loan deployment and included yields there, current yields, and then just to follow the forward yield curve. Those really haven’t—you know, we’re getting the benefit of the improving mix, but yield by product hasn’t really changed much, as you can see, with the rate environment. But really, the upside to us is the ongoing deployment across the portfolio.
Mike Mayo: Separately, I’m looking at your deck from January where you said you wanted to drive ROE above 10% in fixed income and commodities. Did you exceed that in the first quarter, and how is that progressing?
Ruth Porat: Well, we’ve certainly had progress because you can see the revenues, and I just provided the RWAs. So we’ve had higher revenues, reduced RWAs, now down to $199 billion – that’s relative to the $210 billion last quarter, and to about 250-ish last year. So we’re certainly getting better returns in that business, and our view is that we have more do to there. As we said, when we look at ROE and we’re managing to ROE in that business, it’s about revenues, expenses and capital optimization, and the team is continuing to focus on all of those.
Mike Mayo: Can you give us any update on the run-off of legacy assets in FIC?
Ruth Porat: I think you sort of get that, Mike, in the RWA rundown. So that’s a combination of passive and active, and part of the active is how trades are structured and part of it is actually running down as much as we can as rapidly as we can. So if you go back to third quarter of ’11, we had $390 billion of risk-weighted assets in our fixed income business, and as you know, we keep bringing forward our target in time. We dropped for that $180 billion from 2016 to 2015, and what that really captures is your question – we’re running down those legacy assets as rapidly as we can. We are pleased to have that deadweight capital pushed out of the business.
Mike Mayo: And then my last question – your ROE target is for a 9% ROE, and this quarter you’re still below that. Can you either re-affirm or give us a time frame when you think you’ll achieve your ROE target? I’m not seeing return on tangible common equity – if you can give that to us, too.
Ruth Porat: Right. So on the ROE, we’re looking at an ROE in excess of cost of capital. We’re talking about a 10% ROE. I appreciate you’re looking at the building blocks we provided last quarter. We did see progress across our businesses, and our view is that the upside continues to come from the bank. It’s in its early days, and given the opportunity with the bank and moving again from over-weighted in cash to deployment into loans as well as AFFs, there’s a real benefit there, the continued focus on expense management and then the ongoing higher return to capital. That 9% number is obviously without higher capital returns. We’re pleased to have doubled our dividend, doubled our share repurchase program, and as James said, our intent is to continue increasing return to capital over time.
Mike Mayo: So just to be clear, so now your target—since you’re able to return capital now, your target is now 10% return on common equity?
Ruth Porat: Our target has consistently been 10%. What we tried to break out last quarter was what it would be without higher return to capital, and then the return to capital takes it above and beyond that. But we continue to be focused on 10% return on capital as kind of the next stop along the way.
Mike Mayo: Okay, and this quarter return on tangible common equity was what?
Ruth Porat: Nine-point-three—9.8, I apologize Mike. Nine-point-eight.
Mike Mayo: Okay, 9.8. Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chubak with Nomura.
Steve Chubak: Good morning. I wanted to discuss your 10% FIC ROE target for a moment. Clearly the progress you’ve made in mitigating RWAs has been nothing short of extraordinary, which has driven required capital levels down pretty meaningfully. What I’m wondering is given the tough treatment for derivatives under the modified SLR approach, even when we contemplate some of the future benefits from various forms of mitigation, whether it’s CDS maturity matching, SACCR model approval, et cetera, it appears that required capital for FIC under the modified SLR calculation could still be pretty materially above that under the risk-based framework. So essentially, I just wanted to clarify that the 10% FIC ROE target which you’ve highlighted in the past is still achievable whether one evaluates under a leveraged or a risk-based lens.
Ruth Porat: Yes, and we look at our businesses under a risk-based and leverage-based capital lens now. It’s the current leverage-based capital rule; but again, we have the added lens of what’s at the SLR and business unit leaders have their balance sheet under that SLR lens, and that’s helping really put a spotlight on the opportunities for mitigation in the areas where mitigation is absolutely key. So as you pointed out in your question, there are additional work streams that can added to that, which we discussed last quarter, with the inclusion now of net long CDS, so that opens up an added work stream. So we do see a good path forward to greater than 5% under the SLR, including higher return to capital; and yes, we hold ourselves accountable for that greater of risk-based capital and leverage-based capital.
Steve Chubak: Okay, thanks. That’s really helpful. One of the things I wanted to inquire about was the Fed had clearly stated its plan to consider applying additional capital surcharges on wholesale borrowings. The details that have been disclosed thus far regarding the methodology or the potential approach remain somewhat murky, but I wanted to see if you had any additional thoughts or insights regarding how that rule-making could potentially shake out.
Ruth Porat: So you’re right – the rule is—the discussion at this point is unclear. I think the terms that have been used, such as short term wholesale funding is one phrase. We talk a lot about the difference between short-term wholesale funding and durable funding, and we’ve invested quite meaningfully, as we’ve talked about on many calls, to term out our secured book, and that’s built in durability that has been evident in all sorts of periods of market stress, market stress in Europe. We think that liquidity durability is important. You know, our LCR, we’re well north of the 100% requirement in large part because of all that we’ve done, all that we’ve invested. I mean, it doesn’t come for free – it’s expensive to term it out and get that durability, but we have an LCR that’s higher than 100% for that reason and we’re very supportive of the Federal Reserve’s focus on CLAR, the mirror test of CCAR but focused on liquidity, given all that we’ve done to build in what is a very durable approach to liquidity and funding. So don’t know which way it goes because some terms are being used in a sort of broad way; but again, given what we’ve done with our capital stack, we feel that we’ve built in a lot of the durability that is what regulators are looking for.
Steve Chubak: Okay, and I guess one more question on the SLR proposal. Parsing out the language in the Fed’s document, it highlighted two key size criteria for identifying systemically important banks, one being GAAP assets in excess of $700 billion and AUC in excess of $10 trillion. Based on your interpretation of the Fed proposal, do you believe that the GSIV (ph) classification can potentially be avoided for those banks which operate below those designated thresholds, and specifically would you consider optimizing your balance sheet size if it enabled you to potentially bypass the tougher 5% leverage rule, or is that simply not a viable strategic option given growth initiatives at the bank and other potential opportunities that will drive future balance sheet growth?
Ruth Porat: Well, given our suite of businesses and the strength of these businesses, we don’t see going below $700 billion as practical. In particular, we see the opportunity to mitigate a number of the items, as I’ve already discussed, both the gross up in the denominator and reduce some of the deductions in the numerator, which are accretive to the SLR. If you look at some of the—the relationship across our various businesses, so for example as I talked about on prior calls, within our investment banking franchise, quarter after quarter after quarter, we’ve had about $500 million of fixed income underwriting, and that’s a service that our clients want, it’s accretive to the overall relationship, it’s accretive to the bottom line for the firm, and it does require that we have a corporate credit capability – you know, origination and distribution. So there are a lot of linkages between the businesses, increasingly so with the wealth management business, and our view is that when we look to the single most important thing, which is how do we drive ROE for this firm given there is a path to increase the SLR that enables us to keep the suite of products as we’ve defined them and as we’ve reshaped what we’re doing in fixed income, our judgment is that the best way to drive ROE is with this suite of products, and we don’t see how that would take us lower than $700 billion of assets.
Steve Chubak: Okay, understood. And just one final one on the numerator upside you had discussed regarding the SLR. We really appreciate the helpful detail in terms of the individual components that you disaggregated driving the 80 basis point build in the SLR over—towards that 5% goal. I was hoping you could at least clarify the level of incremental preferred issuance that’s assumed to help close that gap, just to get some clarify on those which will impact future earnings versus those which will have—essentially be earnings neutral.
Ruth Porat: Sure. So the—as you saw, we did about $2 billion of preferred last year – that was in two transactions. We will continue to optimize our capital stack and do think that preferred plays a valuable role in that, so we’re going to continue to leg into more over time. I think when you—you know, the two that we did last year, you can see that we tried to size them—modestly size them or appropriately size them, whatever word you want to use for it, and we’ll continue to leg into more of time. So that is another addition to the numerator. I would say that what we’re quite pleased about is the pace with which we’ve been able to mitigate a number of those numerator deductions, and that investment basket has within it a couple of opportunities to continue to mitigate some of the numerator drag.
Steve Chubak: That’s great. Thank you for taking my questions, and congrats on a strong quarter.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O’Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt O’Connor: Good morning. Can you update us on the expense efforts? Obviously good revenue this quarter, so expenses were higher; but it sounded like in the past that there’s still some opportunities within FIC to manage the expense base. I was hoping for an update either on FIC expenses or just overall expenses.
Ruth Porat: So we’re very much on track for the expense target ratio that we laid out at the end of 2012, going into 2013; and just as a reminder, at the time we had an 84% expense ratio, and with the $1.6 billion reduction, assuming revenue’s constant so you don’t have to adjust for the noise around activity-based revenues, we said we would get to a 79% expense ratio, excluding elevated legal expenses and, if there any write-offs, any write-offs, and that would be by the end of 2014. This quarter, we’re at a 75% expense ratio excluding DVA, so I think what that underscores is expense—you know, very much part of the DNA of all of our business leaders. We have the balance of the year to continue focusing on expense reduction, but it’s built into programs across all of the various businesses and we’re constantly looking for ways to add to the program. It doesn’t end this year; it keeps going. It’s just business as usual at this point, but we’re pleased that we’re at a 75% expense ratio relative to that 79% with still more time to get to the end of the year, when we said we would hit that number.
Matt O’Connor: Okay, and if the revenue environment improves, a little bit tougher from here in, say, the markets businesses, do you feel like you can still maintain the expense ratio around here, or still look back towards a 79% goal?
Ruth Porat: So what we indicated was that we would be at a 79—back at the end of 2012 when we laid out the $1.6 billion, we said a 79% expense ratio assuming revenues were flat to 2012. Again, depending on where the world goes, I think what we’ve evidenced over the last many years here is that we don’t stand still, but we’re pleased with the way we’re starting off the year.
Matt O’Connor: Okay. Outside of the core expenses, it didn’t seem like there was any unusual litigation this quarter. I know it’s really hard to tell looking forward, but any thoughts on how we should be modeling out litigation expense from here?
Ruth Porat: Well, you sort of answered the question – it is lumpy, as you’ve seen. Our view is that litigation does remain a headwind for the industry. We’re pleased to have FHFA behind us, but legal can be lumpy, as you’ve seen.
Matt O’Connor: Okay. And then just switching to the wealth management, the 19% PBT was in line with what we had for this quarter. Just any updates on how you feel about the 22 to 25% target by the end of next year?
Ruth Porat: We still feel very good about that, and I’ll hold that as something that we are looking to deliver. As you know, that doesn’t assume any benefit from rates in the environment. We’ve got a number of factors that are taking that higher. I think one of the important ones really is what we’re continuing to do with lending product and the benefit from the growth in lending, and you can see the ongoing momentum there. What we’re pleased about is we’ve always said we have a bit of a tailwind given we’re underpenetrated with our clients, and what we’re seeing is as FAs starting working with their clients with lending product, they continue to further penetrate their client base and we see much more of a take-up. So that is an important element of it, along with, back to your prior question, the continued focus on expense management.
Matt O’Connor: Okay. All right, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier with Bank of American Merrill Lynch.
Michael Carrier: Thanks for taking the questions. Just maybe a follow up on the wealth management business. You mentioned some seasonality in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter, I think fewer days. Maybe just a little color on the comp – Matt just asked about the margin, about how that impacts it, and just the outlook as we kind of go throughout the year, just assuming less seasonality.
Ruth Porat: So as you said, seasonality comes from a couple of things. One is several fewer trading days relative to the fourth quarter. There’s also seasonality on the comp line because FICA is a first quarter event, so when we compare our 19% quarter this year to our 17% quarter last year, that’s really isolating the difference in quarterly seasonality and a nice pick-up from the 17% last year to the 19% this year. What we also saw in the first quarter this year was some lower issuance activity, in particular in closed end funds, and what’s of greatest interest within the wealth management system is U.S. new issue product, and in particular closed in funds, and that was just a bit lower. We had a nice underwriting calendar but it was more skewed outside of the U.S. and very little in closed end fund activity. So as we’re looking forward to the second quarter, we have a couple tailwinds going into the second quarter. Asset management fees will be modestly higher given the starting S&P level, and we’re clearly focused on the transaction volume which is a function of the environment and the new issue calendar; but the pipeline is stronger in the U.S. It’s clearly too early to tell, but it’s stronger in the U.S. And then in aggregate, expenses should be a bit lower given the comp point I made – FICA being a first quarter event, and non-comps do tend to be a little bit higher in the second quarter but overall should result in an improved margin here.
Michael Carrier: Okay, thanks. And then just as a follow-up, just on the trading side, whether it’s on equities or fixed income, anything lumpy this quarter, and then any color—I know it’s still early, but on the fixed income side in terms of the OTC markets transitioning on to SEF, like any color there. Thanks.
Ruth Porat: So as it relates—nothing really lumpy to note. I mean, we had—there was a good volume of activity, prime brokerage activity with portfolio rebalancing, just given volatility in equity markets; and then in terms of the impact of SEF on the market, we really think the lower volumes last quarter were related to broader market events, and in particular lower volumes in macro, as I’ve already commented on, given all that was going on globally, and markets lack conviction – they traded in a tight range. Spread product did better, but macro was weaker, and we think it’s very tough to disaggregate the extent to which, if at all, that was really SEF-related. We think that it was swamped by what was going on in macro.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Mitchell with Buckingham Research.
Jim Mitchell: Good morning. Just a quick follow-up on the expense question. I just want to check – if you think about your closest competitor on an apples-to-apples basis, they’re at around a 70% expense ratio. You guys are 75% in the strongest quarter, a target of 79%. Do you think this is an interim target and you can get more as you move forward as revenues get better, and/or you still have some more expense leverage elsewhere? Can you just kind of walk through that?
Ruth Porat: Well, I obviously can’t comment on any other peers, and we each have different business mixes. You know, I’m often asked the question about our comp ratio, as an example, and the comp ratio in wealth management is off of a formulaic grid so it starts higher than their institutional securities business. And is it trending lower? Yes, it absolutely is trending lower. We’ve talked about that quite a bit. It will continue to benefit from the growth in lending product, but you’ve got some real apples-to-oranges comparisons if you just start with that line. As it relates to our non-comp expenses, we’re continuing to see benefit across the franchise, the ability to use technology more broadly across the franchise as an example, and so we are focused on the items that we identified internally as part of the 2014 plan, as I said. We’re continuing to add to it because it’s part of the DNA within all of the business unit leaders to look for opportunities to be efficient, whether it’s working across divisions or in any other approach to the business. But just going back to my comp differential, I’d say part of it is also business mix. And to be clear, those business mixes also have different capital requirements, and there are a whole host of different elements that go along with it. So when we talk about ROE, it’s revenue, expenses and capital.
Jim Mitchell: Fair enough. I was just talking about the institutional business, but I hear your point. Maybe just quickly another question on the dividend. I think James had mentioned looking at a payout that would approximately or get close to the net income of the wealth management business, but as that business grows, it seems like if you were to approach that level of dividend payout, you’d exceed the sort of 30% soft cap with the Fed. Do you think that is doable?
James Gorman: I don’t want to get into sort of hard projections, but what we’re indicating is that with our business mix now, with half the firm’s business essentially coming from a relatively stable annuitized set of businesses in wealth and asset management, one thinks about your dividend payout a little bit differently as it relates to your ability to afford it coming from things that you know are fairly predictable. Obviously when you aggregate it all, you come up against what appropriate payout levels are at a regulated level, and that’s a different question. We’re simply indicating we believe we have capacity, given our business mix.
Jim Mitchell: Okay – no, that’s helpful. One last quickie – on the physical oil sale, you mentioned or sort of gave a guide on the revenue impact. What would be the net income impact? I assume it’s a lot smaller.
Ruth Porat: In terms of the businesses that we are looking to sell, as I indicated last quarter, one of the things that was quite intriguing was precisely that, is the more modest PBT and we’re reducing risk-weighted assets pretty meaningfully.
Jim Mitchell: So it’s ROE-accretive?
Ruth Porat: Yeah, and that’s over—obviously over time. You have to transition these things.
Jim Mitchell: Sure, right. Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Hey, good morning. How are you? I just have a couple follow ups on investment banking. So I guess first with respect to M&A, announced activity in North America has actually recovered since August levels 2007, but you guys have been noting on the last couple calls here that EMEA more recently has been feeling better. I just wanted to get some thoughts – does it feel like we’re still on a distressed asset sale cycle in Europe, or are you starting to see more traditional strategic M&A accelerating there, which I think would be necessary to see a real recovery in activity in that region.
Ruth Porat: Well, we’ve seen some broadening across industries of activity, and what we still haven’t seen is a real growth in the number of deals, but if you look at the dollar volume in EMEA, it’s up, and the acquirer activity out of EMEA, cross-border activity is up. So again, it’s early days but what’s very positive is whenever a negative trend reverses itself. And comparable to GDP growth in EMEA is still modest, but it’s gone from negative to positive and we’re starting to see the knock-on benefit to some of the activity levels.
James Gorman: And I would just add the largest economy and the economy that’s doing best over there is Germany, and having made a couple of trips recently, I think the corporate CEOs are still quite conservative in their views, so there will be a tipping point here. Obviously with what’s going on with Russia and the Ukraine, that’s putting a damper particularly on the German CEO view until we get better clarity there, but I think there will be a tipping point and we’re not there yet. There have been isolated transactions across the U.K., Spain and other places.
Devin Ryan: Great. Appreciate that color. And then fixed income underwriting results have obviously also remained really resilient, and I know it’s still an attractive rate environment but are you starting to see a mix shift there at all in terms of what products are really driving this strength? Has there been any change in mix?
Ruth Porat: There has in the sense that it’s been much more of a refinancing story, and now we’re starting to see the benefit of the higher levels of M&A. In the first quarter, I think what was notable was there were a lot of deals across investment grade, high yield, leveraged loans. It wasn’t as though there were some really big, chunky items that drove the quarter. It was a balance across the various products. But what you’re starting to see is much more of this is event-related, and we think given the pipeline in M&A, that bodes well for continuation of strong debt underwriting, notwithstanding the fact that we’ve had a long string here of strong quarters with debt underwriting.
Devin Ryan: Okay. I guess just with respect to how that ties in with FIC results, there was a flurry of activity in corporate issuance in March, so I’m just trying to get a better understanding around the strong results within credit and maybe how much of that was a function of issuance really starting to pick up towards the tail end of the quarter. Any color around maybe how credit specifically progressed throughout the first quarter.
Ruth Porat: Credit on the fixed income side was pretty consistent throughout the quarter. I think if you go back a couple of quarters ago when there was more volatility in credit markets, what you saw was notwithstanding a strong new issue calendar, it was pretty much buy and hold and you didn’t see the follow-through to secondary trading. You’re seeing more of that follow-through to secondary trading now, and hopefully that continues, in particular given the volume of what we would expect would continue to be new issue product on the fixed income side, assuming the M&A pipeline continues to hold up and we see the execution continuing as it has these first couple of weeks in the quarter.
Devin Ryan: Great, thank you.
Celeste Brown: Thank you so much for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking to you at the end of the second quarter.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-17 11:00:00) =====
Celeste Brown: Good morning. This is Celeste Brown, Head of Investor Relations. Welcome to our Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Today’s presentation may include forward-looking statements, which reflect management’s current estimates or beliefs and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. The presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our SEC filings at morganstanley.com for a reconciliation of such non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP figures and for a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of Morgan Stanley. This presentation, which is copyrighted by Morgan Stanley and may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent, is not an offer to buy or sell any security or instrument. I’ll now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James Gorman: Good morning. Thank you, Celeste. As we begin another year, I wanted to update you on our thoughts on the state of Morgan Stanley and where we’re headed as well as provide you with a list against which you can mark us to market through 2014. Let’s walk you through the list we laid out last January and then take you deeper into some of the strategic areas in which we’ve focused, in particular, those that would drive the greatest earnings in ROE upside for the firm. There are slides available on the website and then Ruth will take you through the quarterly review and together we will take questions at the end. 2013 was year of playing offense for Morgan Stanley. Outside of some of the legacy legal issues from the crisis period, our focus was moving the firm and our strategy forward and advancing down the path to meeting and beating our cost of equity. We achieved to advance a number of strategic objectives including the six to five in January of last year; specifically we acquired a 100% of the Wealth Management joint venture. We achieved our Wealth Management margin goal through expense management and exceeded them through revenue growth. We made significant progress toward our RWA reduction goals of Fixed Income and Commodities and exceeded 2013 and our 2014 targets. We are on track to meet our expense targets to 2014 excluding litigation. We are also on track to meet our long-term goals to growing earnings through Morgan Stanley specific growth opportunities. And finally we’ve made progress towards returns to meet and exceed the cost of capital, excluding litigation and we began our first buyback since 2008 in the middle of last year. Like all of our peers we have litigation exposure which is laid out in extensive detail in our filings. In addition to the higher legal expenses we incurred in the first three quarters of 2013, we took a charge of $1.2 billion in the fourth quarter. Obviously we cannot predict the future. But we believe this move represent significant progress towards putting these matters behind us. The steps we will outline for you today are a continuation of what we discussed a year-ago and consistent with the strategy that this management team put in place four years ago. We had six strategic focus areas and again you can follow along with the slides on our website. We will achieve our goals in a prudent manner without taking outside risks and taking consideration the need of all of our stakeholders. Number one, continue to drive Wealth Management through margin goals and higher cost -- improved cost initiatives from revenue growth. In mid 2013 we increased our margin targets to 20% to 22% by the end of 2015, driven by the upside from earning a 100% of the Wealth Management business. We reach the bottom of that range in the fourth quarter excluding the impairment driven by partial connection of the benefits of only a 100% as well as higher markets. Based on where the S&P closed 2013 and our expectation for deposit deployment, we are now raising our target for year-end 2015 to 22% to 25% even without the benefit of higher rates. Second, Fixed Income and Commodities. We have a threefold plan to drive our returns to greater than our cost of equity in Fixed Income and Commodities. Number one; optimize the Commodities business by reducing our exposure of physical commodities. Number two, improve the efficiency in ROE of our other Fixed Income businesses through centralized or federalized management of resources. And number three continue to reduce risk weighted assets. In regards to Commodities, we announced late last year that we are selling our global physical oil business. This will be done in two parts. The first is the transaction we announced for the Rosneft, which included the sale of our oil merchanting business. The second component is our intention to expose strategic options for our stake in TransMontaigne, which is a separate discrete entity that provides a wide variety of distribution and storage services for oil related products in North America. We believe we can generate an acceptable ROE with the remaining Commodities business, which is also more consistent with our client base across sales and trading. Outside of Commodities we have philosophically changed the way we run Fixed Income from a highly segregated to a highly federalized model with a more strategic approach to resource allocation division wide and a particular focus on expenses, technology, capital and balance sheet. We have achieved normalized ROEs around or above that cost of capital in almost all product areas, except for rates. We are aligning our approach in rates to be more consistent with that of the rest of Fixed Income with the leadership team that has a heightened focus on balance sheet utilization and high velocity. Finally, we have moved forward our Fixed Income and Commodities, RWA target by one year. Previously our target was to reach the 180 billion RWA level by the end of 2016. Now we expect to reach that level by the end of 2015. Third area was expenses. Let me update you on where we are versus the targets we set out a year-ago. We said that assuming flat revenue our expenses will be down $1.6 billion by the end of 2014, which implied an expense ratio then of 79%. Of course our revenues grew in 2013 and we’re on track to meet or beat the 79% expense ratio implied by the $1.6 billion target, assuming revenues in 2014 are higher or in line with 2013 and excluding litigation above 2012 levels. Because we expect revenue to continue to grow in 2014 and beyond, we will focus our discussion in the future on these ratios. Our target expense ratio for 2014 and beyond is less than 79%, assuming flat or higher revenues and excluding legal expenses again above the 2012 levels. Marking the market 2013 our expenses were up for several reasons. First, we had expenses that are not likely to recur in 2014 including several write-offs in Wealth Management. Second, we along with the industry experienced elevated legal expenses. Adjusting for those two factors, our expense base in 2013 would have been $26.1 billion reflecting a 79% expense ratio. Additionally, revenue grew 9% during the year and we thus experienced growth in activity relating expenses to those revenues including compensation, brokerage and clearing. Excluding activity-based expenses, our fully adjusted expense base in 2013 would have been $24.5 billion, more than half way through the reductions we discussed with you a year-ago. Let me now turn to the fourth topic, which is Morgan Stanley specific growth opportunities and most notably in the bank. We spend a great deal of time in the last year introducing you to the upside associated with the bank. And in the deck you have on slide 11, we’ve laid out the upside very clearly. Revenue growth in our bank will be driven by three tailwinds, including growth in the deposit base and associated assets, the optimization of these assets, moving cash into AFS and lending and finally upside from higher rates. The significant revenue growth will flow through Wealth Management and Institutional Services with exceptionally high incremental margins well above the margins we are generating today as we have already made the infrastructure investment. By the end of 2015, we expect to have an asset base of approximately $160 billion. Based on current market rates and our expected asset mix at the end of 2015, the blended yield would be 1.8%. If we substitute the yields indicated by the forward curve on the same asset base, the average yield would then be 2.7%. The fifth topic is of course the return of capital to shareholders. We intend to prudently increase our return of capital to shareholders over time subject to of course the regulatory approval, increasing both our share buyback program and our dividends reflecting greater percent of our revenue and earnings coming from more stable businesses. The key driver of increased return to shareholders over time are our increasingly consistent earnings, our strong capital ratios and finally our strategy that is consistent with the evolving regulatory requirements. Finally, the sixth point which is of course our ROE returns. Our focus is to drive higher returns to shareholders through sustainably improving our ROE to levels equal to or in excess of our cost of equity even without a cyclical recovery. Assuming no improvement in the institution and retail market, normalized litigation expenses, execution of our bank strategy and expense initiatives, a strategic solution for physical commodities and centralized Fixed Income as well as Wealth Management margin improvement, we believe we can reach ROEs above 9% and ROTs of 10%. Then assuming excess capital will get us to or above 10% levels on ROE and 11% on ROT. Of course an improved operating environment would drive those numbers further. I will now turn it over to Ruth, to walk you through the fourth quarter results. Thank you.
Ruth Porat: Good morning. I’ll provide both GAAP results and results excluding the effect of DVA. We have provided reconciliations in the foot notes to the earnings release to reconcile these non-GAAP measures. The impact of DVA in the quarter was negative $368 million with $285 million in Fixed Income, sales and trading and $83 million in equity sales and trading. Excluding the impact of DVA, firm-wide revenues were $8.2 billion, up 1% versus the third quarter. Earnings and earnings per share included $1.2 billion or $0.40 per share of legal expenses. The effective tax rate from containing operations for the fourth quarter reflects an overall benefit of $328 million including a discrete benefit of $192 million. Earnings from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders excluding DVA were approximately $384 million. Earnings from continuing operations per diluted share excluding DVA were $0.20 after preferred dividends. On a GAAP basis, including the impact of DVA, firm-wide revenues for the quarter were 7.8 billion. Earnings from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders were 144 million. GAAP results also included 1.2 billion or $0.40 per share of legal expenses. Reported earnings from continuing operations per diluted share were $0.07 after preferred dividends. Book value at the end of the quarter was $32.29 per share and tangible book value was $27.21 per share. Turning to the balance sheet, our total assets were 832 billion at December 31. Deposits as of quarter end were 112 billion, up 8 billion versus 3Q. Our liquidity reserve at the end of the quarter was 202 billion compared with 198 billion at the end of the third quarter. Turning to capital, although our calculations are not final, we believe that our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel I will be approximately 12.8% and our Tier 1 capital ratio will be approximately 15.7%. Risk-weighted assets under Basel I are expected to be approximately 389 billion at December 31. Reflecting our best estimate of the final Federal Reserve rules, our pro forma Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III was 10.5% at December 31. Pro forma risk-weighted assets under Basel III are estimated to be 428 billion. Our pro forma Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III was negatively affected by approximately 50 basis points due to an increase in our operational risk RWAs, which resulted from higher legal costs in the quarter. This was partially offset by earnings accretion and the ongoing reduction in Fixed Income RWAs. We expect our pro forma supplementary leverage ratio to be approximately 4.2%. This estimate reflects the United States proposed regulatory rules for the numerator and the denominator and is subject to change is rules evolve. We continue to expect to exceed the required 5% level in 2015 including an assumption for increasing returns of capital to shareholders. On Slide 14 of our strategy deck, we have outlined the drivers of our path to an SLR of greater than 5% in 2015. Forces within our control include exposure compression and RWA reductions, earnings accretion and other numerator drivers including DTA reductions, increased investment capacity, preferred issuance and other reduced numerator deductions, which in aggregate could drive approximately 180 basis points to 210 basis points of improvement in our ratio. Potential offsets include balance sheet growth and capital returns. Turning to expenses, total expenses this quarter were 7.9 billion, up 20% versus the third quarter but up 1% excluding the legal item I noted. Compensation expense was essentially flat to the prior quarter. Non-compensation expense was 3.9 billion reflecting higher legal costs. Let me now discuss our businesses in detail. In institutional securities, revenues excluding DVA were 3.7 billion, down 4% sequentially. Non-interest expense was 4.4 billion, up 34% versus the third quarter. Compensation was 1.6 billion for the fourth quarter, down 4% versus the third quarter, reflecting a 42% ratio excluding DVA. Non-compensation expense of 2.9 billion reflects the elevated legal expenses due to settlements and additions to reserves related to legacy, residential, mortgage-backed securities matters associated with the credit crisis. The business reported a pre-tax loss of 745 million excluding the impact of DVA. Including the impact of DVA to pre-tax loss was 1.1 billion. In investment banking, revenues of 1.4 billion were up 37% versus last quarter. Results were driven by increased revenues in all products; equity underwriting, advisory and Fixed Income underwriting. According to Thomson Reuters, Morgan Stanley ranked #3 in global announced and completed M&A, global IPOs and global equity at the end of the fourth quarter. Notable transactions included in advisory, Morgan Stanley is a leader in cross-border activity with transactions including Portugal Telecom's 15.7 billion merger with Oi SA which represented the largest M&A announced deal for the quarter as well as Perrigo's 8.6 billion acquisition of Elan. In equity underwriting, Morgan Stanley acted as the advisor to Crown Castle International as lead left book runner and stabilization agent on common and mandatory offering while also acting as lead left book runner on the 3.4 billion senior unsecured committed bridge facility. In debt underwriting, event related financings included Morgan Stanley acting as lead left book runner on Devon Energy's 2.3 billion debt offering in support of the company's acquisition of GeoSouthern Energy's Eagle Ford assets. Advisory revenues of 451 million were up 64% versus our third quarter results, driven by increased revenues across regions. Equity underwriting revenues of 416 million were up 76% versus the third quarter, also driven by increases across regions, in particular in Europe as well as a significant increase in IPO volumes. Fixed Income underwriting revenues were 495 million, up 3% versus the third quarter driven by loan syndication fees partially offset by decreases in investment grade underwriting. Equity sales and trading revenues, excluding DVA, were 1.5 billion, a decrease of 12% from last quarter. Results were strong for our fourth quarter with robust client activity across regions and products. Cash equity revenues increased driven by higher volumes in most major markets. Derivatives, revenues remained healthy although declined from a strong 3Q '13. Prime brokerage revenues and balances were up in 4Q and were the highest since 2008. Fixed Income and Commodity sales and trading revenues excluding DVA were 694 million. Commodities revenues were meaningfully lower in a difficult market. Revenues outside of Commodities were up slightly sequentially, despite a larger sequential drag from CVA. Revenues were driven by increases in credit, foreign exchange and securitized products partially offset by lower results and rates. Client volumes held up relatively well across businesses in the fourth quarter though remained subdued in line with the industry. Investment revenues of 177 million were down versus the third quarter which included the sale of the insurance broker hub. Average trading bar for the fourth quarter was 51 million, essentially flat to the third quarter. Turning to Wealth Management, revenues were 3.7 billion in the fourth quarter. Asset management revenues of 2 billion were up versus last quarter, reflecting the benefit of higher market levels at the beginning of the quarter and positive flows. Transaction revenues increased 10% from last quarter consisting primarily of commissions of 576 million, which were up 14% versus the prior quarter, due to a pick up across products. Investment banking related fees of 206 million, up 11% versus the last quarter, reflecting an increase in equity underwriting activity, and trading revenues of 323 million, up 2% versus the third quarter reflecting higher deferred compensation plans. Net interest revenue increased 7% to 528 million, driven primarily by higher revenues from our bank deposit program and continued growth in our lending product. Other revenue increased to 110 million from 75 million. Non-interest expense was 3 billion, up versus last quarter. The compensation ratio is 58%, flat versus the third quarter, non-compensation expense was 876 million, up 10% versus last quarter, due to an impairment charge as well as the typical seasonal increase in expenses. The PVT margin was 19% and was 20% excluding the impairment charge. Profit before tax was 709 million. Total client assets were up versus the third quarter to 1.9 trillion. Global fee-based asset inflows were 12 billion. Fee-based assets under management increased to 697 billion at quarter end, representing 37% of AUM. Global representative were 16,456, essentially flat to the third quarter. Bank deposits were 134 billion, up versus the third quarter, approximately 104 billion were held in Morgan Stanley banks. Investment management, revenues of 842 million were up 2% from the third quarter. In traditional asset management, revenues of 430 million were up 17% from the third quarter, driven by higher market levels. In real estate investing, revenues of $160 million were down 31% driven by a decline in carry as last quarter we had a significant benefit from carry catch up. Merchant banking revenues were $252 million up 12% reflecting increased deferred compensation plans as well as higher investment gains from an IPL of an existing private equity investment. Expenses were $505 million down 4% from the third quarter. Profit before tax was $337 million up 12% sequentially. NCI was $46 million versus $64 million last quarter. Total assets under management increased to $373 billion driven by market depreciation. As to our outlook, in investment banking the momentum evident in the fourth quarter persists as we enter 2014. In particular the M&A pipeline continues to build on the back of improving global economies. The drivers evident in 2013 remain in the cross border transaction, financial sponsors and activists. We expect further upside from one to pick up in corporate existing from sponsor, buyers as well as to the uptick in activity in EMEA after very muted levels for the last several years. The outlook for equity underwriting in 2014 remains healthy especially relative to the low volumes in EMEA and Asia experienced in 2013. Trading volumes and client activity across sales and trading are beginning to reflect confidence in global growth. In Wealth Management our outlook for 2014 is similarly constructive given higher markets, lending growth and ongoing improvements in retail investor engagement. Our revised PBT margin targets helped to quantify the upside we see in this business. Finally we would expect return on equity to further benefit from an increasing capital returns upon completion of the CCAR process at the end of Q1. Thank you for listening and James and I will now take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question will come from Glenn Schorr with ISI.
Glenn Schorr: Thank you. Within your plans for Fixed Income I was wondering if you could elaborate on how we get the ROE up in rates and isn’t an ROE focus as opposed to a revenue focus? I’d appreciate that.
Ruth Porat: So the focus is an ROE focus as opposed to a revenue focus. And as we indicated we have a number of areas that are driving the overall ROE higher. First and foremost we talked about Commodities and the steps that we’re taking in Commodities. We are selling two physical oil businesses there, the first one as we’ve talked about; we have announced the sale to Rosneft. In December we expect it to close in the second half of ’14. The PBT in that business is essentially breakeven and it has about $4 billion risk weighted assets, so accretive to returns there. With respect to the second business TransMontaigne we’ll share more when we have something to say on that. With respect to moving to centralize -- the move to centralized management we have a very systematic and clinical approach really to optimizing returns within each of our businesses. It’s a focus on revenues, expenses and capital and we’re continuing to balance those to drive returns and rates as we have in other businesses across the platform.
Glenn Schorr: Rates right now is still the biggest revenue piece of FICC I take it?
Ruth Porat: As I said we’re really focused on the overall returns in the business and we’re looking at within each of the product areas revenues, optimizing revenues, expenses and capital and so we’ve really driven returns within the FICC across products to levels on a normalized basis that are at or above cost to capital. We in fact made significant improvement in foreign exchange this year, this past year and are at this point operating with returns basically in line with our cost of capital when you look at RWA’s on a normalized basis, so the next one to add here with the same approach is rates.
Glenn Schorr: Okay, cool. Speaking of RWA, hopefully I did the math right and I think Basel III RWA was up 3.5% almost quarter-on-quarter and I’m just curious because I know the overall focus is down in Fixed Income and down overall. Was there anything particular that drove that this quarter because I know the direction is going the other way?
Ruth Porat: So you’re right. We have been reducing risk weighted assets within Fixed Income but the reason there’s an addition here is a key component of the calculation is ops risk that captures litigation. And so with the higher reserve here in the fourth quarter that would change the overall calculation of the ops risk capital charge, so that’s what you’re seeing.
Glenn Schorr: A question on that Ruth is, if that happen in the quarter that you realized higher legal costs or is that a permanent addition that kind of sticks through the process until further notice?
Ruth Porat: So the way it works is, with the addition of a sizable data point within the overall distribution of data points you have to calculate ops risk. Once you add a more sizable data point as we did here, data in the tail would affect the overall calculation. Smaller pieces kind of in the belly of the distribution don’t actually have an impact on the capital charge and once it is in the dataset it remains in the dataset until you see a change in the distribution, so it is in there for some time.
Glenn Schorr: Got you. I guess I mean if James is right on his comment of putting most of the stuff to bed, and maybe within a years time you start to get the benefit of that I know the CCAR process moves slow. Last one, Wealth Management loans and commitments were up another 10% this quarter or up almost 50% year-on-year, I guess there is the PLA component and all the securities based stuff and then the mortgage part. I don’t know if you can share with us which one of those is growing and of the overall pie how important is it to Wealth Management in general because I know it comes on a different comp grid.
Ruth Porat: So overall loan growth is important to Morgan Stanley across businesses; we’re having deployments supporting growth in institutional securities as well as Wealth Management and in fact on the ROE walk it's the most important incremental driver to returns. But to your quarter with respect to Wealth Management what you’re seeing is the benefit of the growing deposits that are asset optimization and then what that translates into. Growth is across both PLA or the securities based lending product and residential mortgage. There’s more of it in PLA, although I would say in the mortgage side we’ve continued to see strong demand. Historically we were deliberately constraining production there because we were both focused on client experience and in fact applications were up in the quarter. But the bigger part of the growth has been PLA. And again what we’re benefiting from here as we’ve talked about on prior calls is we’re under-penetrated relative to our peers, this is very logical consistent product for them.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. Thanks Ruth.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Guy Moszkowski with Autonomous Research.
Guy Moszkowski: Good morning.
James Gorman: Good morning.
Guy Moszkowski: Just a quick question on the SLR first of all; did you have a chance to think about what the impact of the final BIS add-ons that were announced last weekend would be?
Ruth Porat: We have been working through that, it's a complex calculation in particular with respect to the net long CDS sold portion of it is as you know well. Our preliminary calculation is we are approaching 4% on that basis well above the 3% required.
Guy Moszkowski: Great, that’s helpful. You talked about a number of drivers to get the SLR on the NPR basis up to the 5%. Can you talk a little bit about what the implications might be of some of those moves for revenue and I guess that’s where maybe it gets into the overlap with what you’re doing on the rate side?
Ruth Porat: Well the path to greater than 5% in 2015 and again that’s including an assumption about increasing returns of capital as I just break them down into the numerator and denominator. In the numerator not only do we benefit from earnings accretion, but there is a multiplier effect because of certain deductions most notably DTA and the investment capacity deduction. The investment capacity is based on the size of Tier 1 capital so certainly as Tier 1 capital increases you have a larger basket smaller deduction of holding capital against certain items that fall into that basket amount like our joint venture in MUMSS at each end of the bucket. So when the bucket gets bigger there are fewer deductions. And then there are specific steps that we can take to focus, and that we are taking to focus on items that are captured in the investment bucket. So I would think of it, its earnings accretions and a multiplier impact on that for the reasons that I just described. And when it's being efficient with some of those numerator deductions that’s not a -- that doesn’t have an impact on revenue. Preferred obviously also adds to the numerator. You can do – so the dividends, you could say, would be the deduct, but it adds to the overall Tier 1 capital and as well to therefore the investment bucket. In the denominator, we continue to have a benefit from the RWA rundown and as we've talked about, that's in areas that are not accretive to revenue. And I'd say the other one that is important is compression. And I would put that in the bucket of just good hygiene. So we've invested quite a bit in central clearing, back loading into central clearing. It gives us great opportunity for compression. We're seeing more interest in that from banks on both sides of the Atlantic, and again that's just in the category of good hygiene. So I think that we're very comfortable with the implications of this, the various levers we have to move up to the greater than 5%.
Guy Moszkowski: So it doesn’t sound like you loaded into that a lot of the strategic changes that you might be making in rates? For example, maybe changing the way you look at repo or anything like that?
Ruth Porat: No. And the assumption on – that's embedded in this slide is consensus earnings, but I'd say that the other items that I enumerated are quite very important and no, there isn't enough change in the assumption on some of the other items.
Guy Moszkowski: Got it. Is there a new sort of breakeven level of thick revenues that you need to achieve to get to that ROE equal to your cost of equity, and when I say breakeven I mean specifically, a level of revenue that you would be given your cost base in order to get the whole FICC business to earning at cost of equity? I think in the past you've talked about 6 billion or so and I just wondered if its lower?
Ruth Porat: So let me answer that by pointing you back, for example, to Commodities. We've talked about the thing we are clinically focused on is driving returns higher in that business. And to your question you focused on one of the three levers, it's revenues, it's expenses and it's capital optimization. So as I indicated, with the business that is being sold throughout and after this point, it is essentially PVT breakeven from Morgan Stanley. It has about 4 billion of risk-weighted assets in it, so yes, there may be a diminution in revenues there but when you look at the cost structure running that type of business within BHC, it's more valuable in the hands of an investor or player. We have higher capital liquidity levels associated with the business and that's why we say what we're looking at is ROE. That is smart move for us, for the business, for our stakeholders, it's accretive to ROE although there are some revenues that go with it.
Guy Moszkowski: Got it, that's helpful. One of our big competitors took a large charge for FVA as they adopted that approach on their derivatives book. Is there – maybe you can tell us whether you currently do that or not and whether that's something that you're contemplating?
Ruth Porat: So that obviously refers to the potential implied financing costs around collateralized derivatives to the extent that those are observable. We do continue to evaluate it. There has been a lot of industry discussion around FBA. In our view, transparency has been lacking and today in our opinion there is not a basis to take the adjustment. From a risk management perspective, we do allocate capital and liquidity down to the product in debt level across our sales and trading businesses, so liquidity is allocated based on our liquidity funding model which models outflows in a stressed environment, and those are as I said allocated down to the product level. So from a risk management perspective, the businesses are being charged appropriately. That is different from seeing transparency in the marketplace.
Guy Moszkowski: Got it. Last one from me, you mentioned FX and having achieved some success there in terms of getting the returns to where you want it to be. I did notice that in the quarter, your FX bar is up a significant percentage of where it was before. Does that reflect changes in the business or just market volatility?
Ruth Porat: No, the FX flows up quarter-over-quarter and it just reflects plan activity.
Guy Moszkowski: Got it. Thank you very much.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. So within ISG, was there a shift this year to less deferrals and would that maybe have put a little bit of upward pressure on your GAAP comp expense figure, just trying to maybe think about that even if we don't get specific numbers just from an area of perspective?
Ruth Porat: So the ISG comp ratio, I think you have this, is down from 45% to 42% this year. We did bring down the deferral rate as we indicated we would, so the deferral rate has come down. And when you think about our comp ratio on a go-forward basis, our view is that it will trend down to about that 40% range.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. But with deferrals coming out that would have put all else being equal even with the comp ratio coming down, some upward pressure on that ratio. Isn't that the right way to think about it?
Ruth Porat: Yes.
Brennan Hawken: Okay, great. And then thinking about a dividend that you guys sort of introduced in Slide 13, if you think back to 4Q trailing GAAP earnings when you guys submitted a CCAR which clearly includes some headwinds but in any event, we know that the Fed sort of looks at that. Very simplistically we just apply a 30% payout ratio to that, it would imply a $0.50 dividend per year. Any issue with the math on that? You think that people are thinking about it that way would be too aggressive?
Ruth Porat: Let me answer it this way. Our view is that the way to maximize return of capital over the longer term is to request steady consistent increases in capital returns in the interim as opposed to any type of discontinuous move. So given the ongoing accretion to capital and the higher ratios at Morgan Stanley, we think now it's the right time to increase the size of our share repurchase program and begin to increase the dividend. But I'd start it with our philosophy because I think it's an important way to frame how we think about legging in to any kind of change.
Brennan Hawken: Okay, that's helpful. And as we think about Wealth Management and you guys have had terrific momentum there clearly, and your outlook for improvement there and kind of with engagement continuing to improve, do you expect that that would increase the fee rates that you guys get on your managed assets? That had been under a little bit of pressure recently and it's sort of at lower levels. Does that reflect a lower level of engagement and does your expectation for increased engagement mean that that probably should, all else equal, have some upward pressure there?
Ruth Porat: No…
Brennan Hawken: Okay. I'm sorry, go ahead.
Ruth Porat: It's asset mix but no, that was an improvement.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. And then last one, you guys are looking for like a near doubling of the loan book as you laid out in the slide deck from now until 2015. How much of that doubling should we count on from Wealth Management versus institutional? And as we watch the disclosures that you guys gave in the supplement, is it mostly in the health or investment volumes that we should be watching?
Ruth Porat: I think you have a couple of questions in there. We've laid out the asset growth by product and I discussed it in a conference earlier in the year. The loan growth overall is supporting both, as I said, product and Wealth Management as well as institutional securities. So we talked already about mortgage and PLA within Wealth Management. In institutional securities, the product is similarly very consistent with our client franchise where we have strong domain expertise areas like commercial real estate, project finance, continuing to expand with our clients. It is primarily HFI. We've really migrated to HFI over the last several years and we see this as prudent, steady growth across a suite of products to support growth in those two businesses. We've laid out the products and the deck that James went though, so you can get a sense of the suite of products on both sides.
Brennan Hawken: Okay, thanks for the color, Ruth.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Mike Mayo: Hi. I think you said the margin ROE targets do not reflect a change in interest rates, so what is Morgan Stanley sensitivity to higher interest rates, for example, or a 100 basis point increase in Fed funds?
Ruth Porat: We gave two targets and let me make sure we're very clear. When we focus on increasing the PVT margin in Wealth Management, we kept it on a basis consistent with the way we described it last year. So last year we had a Wealth Management target of 20% to 22%. We said we were holding rates and equity markets constant. And so as we hit our 20% PVT margin this quarter, excluding the impairments of 20% PBT margin. We took our guidance up for Wealth Management and that again is holding rates constant. We don’t give ourselves the benefit of even the forward yield curve. It's holding rates where they are today and holding equity markets where they are today. If we now switch over to our ROE walk and look at the upside that comes from the bank with respect to the upside in the bank and the slides that looks at asset optimization and the yield on the various categories, in that we have embedded the forward yield curve and nothing more than the forward yield curve. So we try to give you a lot of the pieces with respect to asset growth and the mix and that assumption so that you can do all the sensitivities that you think are appropriate given your outlook on the market.
Mike Mayo: So if you did have a 100 basis point increase in fed funds then we could assume a higher PBT for the Wealth Management business?
Ruth Porat: Yes, so rates obviously our benefit to the bank overall and to the Wealth Management business.
Mike Mayo: You mentioned prime brokerage is back to that level since 2008, is it all the way back. I know the business was hurt during the crises and you trying to get customers back; are you back at a steady state or you’re still gaining share?
Ruth Porat: We’re in a very strong business with PV and I would say that they has been a quite substantial change overall in prime brokerage over the last several years a restructuring of that business and the way the business is funded post to ’08 it's, so we’re in a strong position with balances, I think that’s reflecting the strength of it and the overall contribution of the franchise. So we feel very good about where we’re in the business, very important business to us and we’re – the team continues to deliver.
Mike Mayo: In FICC compared to your peers, it looks like you underperformed and it's tough to breakout how much of that underperformance is due to the deliberate downsizing versus poor execution, I mean are you satisfied with the execution this quarter or not?
Ruth Porat: So a couple of parts to that question as well. As a reminder Fixed Income and Commodity is made up of the Fixed Income product and Commodities, two separate – two different businesses that on the one hand Commodities on the other, we were substantially weaker in Commodities down meaningfully quarter-over-quarter. The thick revenues excluding Commodities are up quarter-over-quarter not withstanding the bigger drag in CVA due to spread tightening. So in our securitized products area in credit and foreign exchange they were all up in the quarter. So to your second part of your question I feel good about the direction of those businesses, rates was down as with the market and our view is that we can continue to do to deliver more in that business which is why it was highlighted in James’s comments.
James Gorman: I would just add to that Mike. I wouldn’t draw a lot on percentage movements off of that number which is a fairly modest number to begin with to be perfectly frank. So I would focus more on the business mix as Ruth described, part of the business did well, parts of it didn’t. The new management has a plan to drive this higher and we come from where they plan.
Mike Mayo: And then last question, Ameritrade last quarter said that the wire houses have made some moves which may get more difficult on the breakaway broker side, and I am not exactly sure what the online broker was referring to. But can you just address what you’re doing say to either retain customers or brokers or how the environments changed from several years ago say for example against online brokers or other competitors? Thanks.
Ruth Porat: Well attrition in our business you can see from the headcount numbers, it continue to be very low. It's actually down a bit this quarter from the very low levels that we’ve been talking about and we think that has a lot to do with the quality of the platform and when you look at our ongoing growth in assets you’re reaching 1.9 trillion this quarter I think again the clients are speaking and FA’s are speaking.
James Gorman: It's a different market segment.
Mike Mayo: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question will come from Michael Carrier with Bank of America.
Michael Carrier: Thanks. Maybe for James, just on the walk the ROE target, I guess I am just trying to figure out when I look at the pre tax margin being increased. The risk weighted asset reduction coming on sooner, expenses in line, the market up 30%, but the ROE target is still in that 9% to 10% plus range if we get a better environment too. I guess I am just trying to figure out it seems like it should be better I mean it seems like things have gone better than current expectations or what the expectations were a year ago. So anyways I am just trying to get a sense on, has some things gone the other way to keep the ROE target there or is it just being conservative.
James Gorman: Listen, this is a journey. Three years ago I think our ROE was close to 2%, two years ago it was about 5%; this year exited litigation is about 7%. You’ll see on that chart Mike that we’ve got return target of 10 plus percent and then we talk about the additional upside, so you control your own conclusions from that. But I think we’ve said pretty consistently we were a kind of one step at a time management team. The one step is to get us to 10% and we’ll do what that happy opportunity once we get there, so lets just play it out at a time.
Michael Carrier: Okay, thanks. And just as a follow up; based on giving more clarity around broker, I mean you guys have been probably more strategic in terms of moving forward in FICC, there maybe some other problems but, in any other areas in particularly investment management maybe unlike the merchant banking side are things fairly much set or should we be expecting much more to change in that part of the business based on what you know on the broker side as of now?
James Gorman: I don’t expect material changes for the investment management business plus broker, I mean we had a lot more capital tied up in that business pre-crises. The bad news is we wrote a lot it off unfortunately, the good news is we now had much of those capital tied up in the business.
Michael Carrier: Okay, all right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question will come from Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Hi, good morning; thanks for taking my questions. So I just want to try to ask maybe the interest rate sensitivity question another way. I think the last formal update that we received was that a 100 basis point curve shift would increase net interest income by about $700 million. So is that still the firms view and if that’s still in the range; can you give us any insight around how you’re thinking about the viability side of the equation meaning how much of the benefit of the rate increase do you expect you have to pass along to customers?
Ruth Porat: So the rates have moved up a bit since we provided that guidance, and that’s why we attempted in the material here and in the slide deck to break out the various component parts of it. You can apply whatever timeline you want to it and look at it at various points sometime, and so clearly in rising rate environment there would be some, be it mostly higher increase in deposit costs as well, but overall we have meaningful operating leverage from this. I think again one of the key points for us with respect to the bank is the cost structure of the bank. We don’t have client acquisition cost because we’re talking about our embedded client base both on the Wealth Management side and on the institutional security side. We don’t have bricks and mortar. We have made the investments, fruitfully all of the investments that needed we continue to invest in the businesses of course in particular to continue to improve the customer experience. But as a result the incremental margin on this product is very high for Morgan Stanley, substantially higher than it is today and it's not just -- that we’ve clearly benefited from a rising rate environment and look forward to that whenever that may occur, but it's also the cost structure of that business that is very different.
Devin Ryan: Okay, I appreciate that color. And then, just with respect to the litigation expense, how should we think about that moving forward. I know it's going to be lumpy, but can we think that maybe some of the outsized provision this quarter could reflect some pull forward from issues that maybe were thinking that were going to be addressed next year; just any other additional color there would be helpful.
Ruth Porat: Well as James said this reserve coupled with the reserves to date are appropriate based on what we now know and that being said litigation is the biggest headway for the industry, but this is obviously a substantial move.
James Gorman: The key on the litigation is, we wanted to make significant progress. It's estimable and probable and working with our legal team and finance and some that’s where we came out. So from what we see we made significant progress.
Devin Ryan: Okay, great. And then, just lastly within the investment banking backlog; can you guys give anymore granularity around what you’re seeing and just kind of the businesses from a cyclical perspective kind of where you are today versus maybe what you think the upside maybe as we do get a cyclical recovery?
Ruth Porat: So the pipeline does remain strong. I think most gratifying is the pick up in M&A momentum coming from CO confidence that we’ve all been looking for, for quite some time now and it's really on the back of more data that supports the thesis of global economic growth. We are seeing more cross-border activity. We've talked about that on some prior calls. The Century deal that we announced early this week is yet another data point in that trend. We think that's an important one. I did comment that we're seeing more activity with corporate. I think last year much of it was much more about financial sponsor activity but now we're also seeing more corporate activity. And very valuable is increased participation from Europe as well, have pretty subdued there for quite some time. We feel good about where this is and if you look historically, M&A still at pretty low levels. Equity underwriting momentum continues industry wide and globally and I think with debt underwriting, it's less of forward calendar, but given debt related financings, expect some ongoing strength in that area as well.
Devin Ryan: Great. Appreciate all the color.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. As we think about the ROE progression from roughly 7% ex the litigations and the noise right now to the 9%, it seems like the improvement in PVT is worth about 1% to ROE. And then the FICC and the commodity is a big driver. Can you quantify how much ROE upside there is from that? And I understand there's been a lot of questions asked what the revenue opportunities, the expense opportunities and there's constant some moving pieces there. But from an ROE point of view if you get FICC and Commodities where you want it, how much of a driver is that to firm-wide ROE?
Ruth Porat: What I'd like to add to it because it's the most important incremental driver to ROE is the bank. I've commented on higher yield to asset optimization and the cost structure we have. We also have growing deposits and those are contractual. It's part of the acquisition from Citi that we're now getting in 1.75 billion of deposits per month to the middle of next year. So the result is a higher return on a larger base and given the cost structure, the incremental margin is substantial as I've already noted, so essentially just all drops to the bottom line. You start with that. I'll let you do your own forecasting and map on that plus the Wealth Management, higher profitability that we laid out here on this slide. And Fixed Income, yes, we are talking steps. We are moving it forward but we're not assuming a recovery in the FICC market, so that's not the biggest driver, not much there. And then we have more on the expense reduction program to come in, as James says, and finally the increasing returns of capital over time. So I just want to make sure you've got the full list. And again the importance of the bank is not to be understated.
James Gorman: I would just add at a sort of macro level if you think about it simplistically, comp to revenue ratios aren't going to change a whole lot, certainly going to be – we broke them down this year given revenues went up and we would expect them to come down as revenues go up. So that's kind of known. The firm is being managed very tightly from other non-comp expense basis. We have a comprehensive worldwide effort, as Ruth just referred to, making progress on that. And we're not going to take our foot off that. We're going to be driving those non-comps very aggressively. So it's really just the question what the revenues are. I think the clarity of our expense base is probably as high as it's been for a long time. And now, as we said with this substantial progress on the litigation behind us, it really is a revenue show right now.
Matt O'Connor: And just a follow-up on the expenses, sorry if I missed it but of the 1.6 billion of savings, how much is in the run rate either for the full year 2013 or 4Q?
Ruth Porat: I'll refer you to the slides that James went through where we tried to break out the key components of it.
Matt O'Connor: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Christian Bolu with Credit Suisse.
Christian Bolu: Good morning, James. Good morning, Ruth. Thank you for taking my questions. Just a follow-up on an earlier question on the 100% growth you expect in lend-in. Just be helpful to get some color on where you're seeing such robust loan demand? Is it completely new loan demand from your clients or is it your clients switching from existing lending providers to you? And what is it about your lending program that is driving such outsized growth relative to the industry?
Ruth Porat: If I break it down into the two sides of the business that are benefiting most from deposits. First, on the Wealth Management side; lending to clients where we have the deep relationship. Their assets are here at Morgan Stanley. And what we have talked about is we're underpenetrated relative to peers with lending product had not historically been a focus for our system. And over the last several years, we've been building up the number of bank advisors who sit with financial advisors providing the requisite support for their client base. So we're starting in a position where we're underpenetrated, have the client assets with us. This is product the clients want. It's simple products. For example, PLA our securities and base lending program enables clients to maintain their portfolio as is, but continued to invest as they wanted. So it's a very productive add on to the work that they're already doing with us. And again, given this is product that's significantly over-collateralized and as I've said with our existing client base, we've had virtually no credit losses to-date. It's mostly floating rate product and you're seeing growth – we're seeing nice growth in that. It's the bigger part of lending growth within Wealth Management and I'll refer you back to the conference I did earlier in the year where there's more detail on that one. In the mortgage side, we are continuing to see strong demand. To be fair, it's off of a low base but we were deliberately constraining production there, as I already noted, so continuing to see upside in that business. If you switch over to the institutional security side, we have historically been focused on relationship lending and event lending, if you were to expect, and what we're now adding our – well, I always characterize it like sleeves of product, all modestly sized that are consistent with the client franchise that we have. So this is business that otherwise we were not doing with our existing client franchise. This gives us the opportunity to continue to delve and that's what we've been doing in areas like commercial, real estate and project finance.
Christian Bolu: Great. Thanks for the detailed answer.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Christian Bolu: Just switching over the capital return, I can see that quantum of capital Morgan Stanley can return would be subject to regulatory approval. But as you consider the future's capital structure of Morgan Stanley, do you envisage being able to return more than a 100% of earnings to shareholders in the foreseeable future?
James Gorman: Listen, I think let's take one step at a time. We're in the CCAR process now. We had our first capital outlay last year which was the final acquisitions of Smith Barney. We had our first buyback last year since 2008 which was starting the $500 million tranche. We're participating in CCAR right now. We'll get the results of that in the first quarter. Let's just take our projections from then on.
Christian Bolu: Okay. Apologies if I missed this earlier on. But with regards to your 9% ROE target what Fixed Income revenue assumption are you making? Is it kind of 4.2 billion you did this year or is it more like fourth quarter's run rate? Just trying to get a sense of what's embedded in that 9% ROE target?
Ruth Porat: The main point, as I said, about the 9% ROE starting point for the firm is that within Fixed Income we are driving a return on capital that's in excess of our cost of capital. And as we indicated, with the steps in Commodities there is continued improvement in that ROE. In Fixed Income across a number of products we've already reached that type of return looking at RWAs or your capital on a normalized basis. We've added foreign exchange in 2013 notwithstanding what was challenging – more challenging foreign exchange market environment and we are looking to do the same with rate. So, it is very much if we are looking at what's the return for the overall firm, it is about achieving those types of returns for Fixed Income. But I'll repeat what I already said, which is, we are not assuming a recovery in the FICC market industry-wide in 2014. So, it is not much of a driver to the upside in our ROE.
Christian Bolu: Got it. And just lastly from me question on just regulation in the Wealth Management space. As one of the largest financial advisor networks in the country, just be curious for your thoughts around kind of potential amortization of whether there's differences between the SEC and FINRA regulated advisors and any potential implications for Morgan Stanley and its competitive positioning?
James Gorman: Boy, that's a pretty broad one. Honestly, we run the business and aspire to run it as well as anybody in the industry. We're constructively with the regulators. There are obviously some differences across FINRA and SEC but I'm not going to get into predicting harmonization impact on us. I would be very, very surprised if there are any material impacts on our business based upon any harmonization.
Christian Bolu: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The final question will come from Eric Wasserstrom with SunTrust Robinson.
Eric Wasserstrom: Thanks very much. Ruth, just to go back to Slide 14 for a moment. Obviously, the simple math is that looking at the potential numerator benefits gets you to 6 to 6.3. But I'm just curious about the box that you have in terms of potential offsets which foresights the balance sheet growth, I'm just trying to reconcile that with what James indicated the targets are on page 11. So does that -- does this outlook on ’14 embed this asset growth and driven by the deposit growth over the next two years?
Ruth Porat: So on the -- when we described or show the growth in assets for the bank to be clear, that’s looking at the asset side, so we have deposit growth, but we have equity supporting the bank. So that’s the -- that’s the asset side of the equation a bit higher than the deposit growth that we’re talking about. When we go to the potential offsets we’re looking at this ongoing, on boarding of deposits and yes it is built into our statements that it will be greater than 5% in 2015 with growing returns of capital. We manage overall the balance sheet to put – our balance sheet and capital behind growth areas within the firm, so we built in the capacity to have growth within the firm across our various businesses including the obvious deposit on boarding and so that’s one potential offset that has been incorporated into our outlook and the greater than 5% and then capital returns I think speaks to itself.
Eric Wasserstrom: Got it. And so does the same view get you to the SLR target on the bank level as well?
Ruth Porat: We are already at about 6% on the -- on our larger bank MSBNA and even higher than that on the other bank. We capitalized those banks to support the growth that we anticipate and so those are already in a strong position.
Eric Wasserstrom: Got it. And so just finally on this -- so as I think about the ROE targets and all of this going forward, is it fair to say that the governing issue at this stage is much more the compliance with SLR than CCAR capital?
Ruth Porat: Our view is that we have a very strong flight path to greater than 5% in 2015 and that incorporates returns of capital. And so that doesn’t serve as a constraint and so the CCAR process is -- it was obviously an annual process. We feel very good about what we have done over the last several years and last year with the consistency of the businesses that we have the ongoing accretion of capital, the ratios that we have, but we don’t view the SLR as a constraint on that because we built into our forward look return, increasing returns of capital.
Eric Wasserstrom: Okay. Thanks so much.
Celeste Brown: Thanks so much for joining us for our fourth quarter call and we will speak to you in 13 weeks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-18 11:00:00) =====
Celeste Brown: Good morning. This is Celeste Brown, Head of Investor Relations. Welcome to our Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today’s presentation may include forward-looking statements, which reflect management’s current estimates or beliefs and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. The presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our SEC filings at morganstanley.com for a reconciliation of such non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP figures and for a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of Morgan Stanley. This presentation, which is copyrighted by Morgan Stanley and may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent, is not an offer to buy or sell any security or instrument. I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James Gorman: Thank you, Celeste. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us. In the third quarter, the fruits of our strategy were evident. Despite a challenging quarter for markets, our results demonstrated consistency and durability of our business models. Our EPS, excluding DVA and the charge for the wealth management acquisition last year, was up sequentially in a seasonally weaker quarter and with higher legal expenses. More important, however, we remain focused on our long-term objectives. Starting with Institutional Securities, our results underscore the power of our integrated models. Our outstanding leadership and equity sales and trading again benefited us this quarter and we generated our highest revenues in the third quarter since 2008. We continue to be first or second globally with our continued success driven by the focus on clients, the sustained investments in technology and targeted investments in certain areas of the business. In investment banking, the focus we have placed on improving our wallet share in certain areas has paid dividends as growth and our market share increase in debt underwriting offset lower market wide advisory and equity underwriting volumes. Cross border activity continues to be a dominant theme and Morgan Stanley remains the number one ranked firm in terms of cross border advisory activity benefiting from the strength of our global client franchise. The cohesiveness of our model was illustrated by the Verizon deal where we are leading one of the biggest M&A transactions in history but also co-led the $12 billion bank loans syndication and the $49 billion senior note offerings. At growing deposit base provided us with an important additional tool in this transaction. We also remain focused on ROE in the fixed income and commodities business and continuously evaluate every aspect of what we’re doing. We stayed very close to home in regards to risk in third quarter due to the liquid markets and this is evidenced both by our average and period end VAR. We continue to reduce risk weighted assets in the business and in the third quarter at 213 billion. Recalled that this number now excludes the IWA is associated with lending. However, we’re investing in other areas of fixed income that are core to our future including our people and technology. Turning now to wealth management, the third quarter was the first full quarter during which we owned a 100% of the business and we are just beginning to see the benefits. Despite seasonality and a relatively subdued trading environment revenues were essentially flat and we improved our margins and profitability once again. The revenues and margins were supported or driven by some of the benefits of the acquisition. Elimination of the order flow agreement and continued growth in net interest income both of which generate high incremental revenues and higher incremental margins I should say now traditional advice and commission revenues. In addition we retained a 100% of the earnings associated with the business. Obviously increasing net income to the firm from wealth management in this case by over 30% sequentially. As we have discussed with you in the past, this business and the acquisition will continue to drive upside for the firm and it's stakeholders as we prudently deploy the balance of the deposits from our former partner over the next several years in both wealth management and institutional securities. We can generate attractive ROEs on the assets supporting the deposits in the retail and institutional businesses even in the low rate environment and without reaching for risk. This is due to the relatively low funding cost, the lack of bricks and mortar and our embedded client base. While we do not discuss investment management frequently it's earnings contribution continues to grow in absolute terms. We have been very pleased with the investment and financial performance of our traditional investment management real estate and merchant banking businesses. The continued progress in regards to performance coupled with disciplined expense management drove the highest PBT in that business since 2010. We remain focused on our expense programs more broadly and continued to make progress towards our goals although the results are less evident this quarter because of elevated legal expenses. We expect to meet or exceed our expense targets excluding litigation. In the meantime however we will continue to reap the benefits of our strategy leveraging our world class franchises upside from wealth management and deposit growth, intense focus on expense management and thoughtful capital allocation. As you would expect we began buying back stock in the quarter. This is the first time since 2008 and we look forward to increasing capital returns to shareholders overtime. I will now turn the call over to Ruth.
Ruth Porat: Good morning I’ll provide both gap results and results excluding the effect of DBA. We have provided reconciliations in the foot notes to the earnings release to reconcile these non-GAAP measures. The impact of DVA in the quarter was negative 171 million with 141 million in fixed income, sales and trading and 30 million in equity sales and trading. Excluding the impact of DVA, firm-wide revenues were 8.1 billion down approximately 3% versus the second quarter. The effective tax rate from continuing operations for the third quarter was 25.3% inclusive of a discreet benefit. Earnings from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders, excluding DVA, were approximately $983 million. Earnings from continuing operations per diluted share, excluding DVA, were $0.50 after preferred dividends. On a GAAP basis, including the impact of DVA, firm wide revenues for the quarter were $7.9 billion. Earnings from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders were $862 million. Reported earnings from continuing operations per diluted share were $0.44 after preferred dividends. Book value at the end of the quarter was $32.13 per share, up 2% versus the second quarter. Tangible book value was $26.96 per share, up 3% sequentially. Turning to the balance sheet. Our total assets were $832 billion at September 30 up versus last quarter due primarily to the growth in our deposits pursuant to the contractual agreement associated with the acquisition of the remainder of the wealth management business. Specifically, deposits as of quarter end were $105 billion, up $23 billion versus 2Q of which $21 billion was due to on-boarding of deposits from our former JV partner and the remainder was from organic deposit growth. Our liquidity reserve at the end of the quarter was $198 billion compared with $181 billion at the end of the second quarter. The increase was also driven higher by the recently on-boarded deposits, most of which have not yet been deployed thus resulting in elevated levels of bank liquidity. Our non-bank liquidity level also remains elevated. Turning to capital. Although our calculations are not final, we believe that our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel 1 will be approximately 12.6% and our Tier 1 capital ratio will be approximately 15.3%. Risk-weighted assets under Basel 1 and including the final market risk rules are expected to be approximately $386 billion at September 30. Reflecting our best estimate of the final Federal Reserve rules, our pro forma Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III was 10.8% as of the end of the third quarter. Pro forma risk-weighted assets under Basel III are estimated to be $414 billion. We estimate our pro forma supplementary leverage ratio to be around 4.2%. This estimate reflects the United States proposed regulatory rules for the numerator and the denominator and is subject to change if rules evolve. Our ratio was consistent with second quarter levels despite no longer reflecting the benefit of clearing as a deduction from the denominator and the increase in deposits in the quarter, which on a combined basis, reduced the ratio by over 30 basis points. We continued to expect to exceed the required 5% level in 2015 including an assumption for a greater return of capital to shareholders. Turning to expenses. Total expenses this quarter were $6.6 billion, down 2% versus the second quarter. Compensation expense was down 3%. Non-compensation expense was flat to 2Q notwithstanding higher litigation expenses, which have been elevated since last year and were higher in the third quarter and in each of the first and second quarters. Let me now discuss our businesses in detail. In Institutional Securities, revenues, excluding DVA, were $3.9 billion, down 8% sequentially. Non-interest expense was $3.3 billion, down 2% versus the second quarter. Compensation was $1.6 billion for the third quarter, down 8% versus the second quarter, reflecting a 42% ratio excluding DVA. Non-compensation expense of $1.7 billion increased 5% from last quarter, driven by higher litigation expenses and a catch up for the Fed’s 50 assessment of approximately $25 million, which covers all of 2012 and the first three quarters of 2013 partially offset by a decrease in activity related costs. The business reported a pre-tax profit of $542 million, excluding the impact of DVA. Including the impact of DVA, pre-tax profit was $371 million. In Investment Banking, revenues of $992 million were down 8% versus last quarter. Results were driven by continuing strong debt new issuance activity and our integrated efforts across Institutional Securities. More generally, according to Thomson Reuters, Morgan Stanley ranked Number 3 in global completed M&A, Number 4 in announced M&A, Number 3 in global IPOs and global equity at the end of the third quarter. In addition to Verizon which James mentioned in his opening remarks notable transactions included in advisory through our Japanese Joint Venture Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley we acted as exclusive financial advisory to Tokyo Electron on it's merger with Applied Materials, Japan’s first all stop cross border merger. In equity underwriting Morgan Stanley acted as lead joint global coordinator for the 2.5 billion follow on equity offerings for Grupo Financiero Banorte, the largest Mexican Stock Offering of the year. And in debt underwriting Morgan Stanley served as joint active book runner on the General Motors 4.5 billion debt offering it's first major placement since the emerging from bankruptcy protection as well as sole book runner on the financing for the previously announced acquisition of Smithfield Foods. Advisory revenues of 275 million were down 17% versus our second quarter results driven by decreased revenues in EMEA. Equity underwriting revenues were 236 million down 28% versus the second quarter driven by lower results in both the Americas and Asia-Pacific. Fixed income underwriting revenues were 481 million up 15% versus the second quarter driven by investment grade and loan syndication fees. Equity sales and trading revenues excluding DVA were 1.7 billion a decrease of 5% from last quarter. Results were strong across geographies and products evidencing less seasonality and it's typical for the third quarter. Derivatives revenues increased sequentially as strong risk management offset the summer slowdown in certain products. And brokerage balances remained relatively constant from the second quarter also blocking the typical summer trend. Although revenue was down due to seasonality in Europe. Cash revenues declined modestly though held up better than industry volumes. Fixed income and commodity sales and trading revenues excluding DVA were 835 million. Revenues declined with broader market activity, client volumes, market liquidity and thus overall risk levels were generally low driven primarily by macro-products. DVA was also a drag in the quarter due to the tightening of our credit spread and was a significant driven of sequential revenue change. Credit products revenues increased despite the challenging environment. Commodities revenues were up modestly driven by higher client activity. Investment revenues of 337 million were up significantly versus the second quarter driven predominantly by the sale of insurance broker hub. Average trading bar for the third quarter was 52 million versus 61 million in the second quarter driven by low levels of risk taking throughout the quarter in fixed income and commodities. Turning to Wealth Management, revenues were 3.5 billion in the third quarter. Asset management revenue of 1.9 billion were flat to last quarter reflecting the benefit of higher market levels at the beginning of the quarter but offset by lower deposit referral fees from our former JV partner. These fees declined pro-rata with the deposits that were on-boarded in the third quarter. Transaction revenues decreased 4% from last quarter consisting primarily of commissions of 507 million which were down a 11% versus the prior quarter due to seasonality and generally subdued activity. Investment banking related fees of 185 million which were down 28% versus last quarter reflecting lower activity in closed-end funds and partially offset by higher trading revenues of 317 million which were up 42% versus the second quarter reflecting higher DCP as well as the benefit of elimination of the order flow agreement with our JV partner now that we are on 100% of wealth management. Net interest revenue increased 11% to 493 million driven primarily by retiring a preferred security and the JV concurrent with our acquisition of the remainder of the wealth management business as well as growth in our lending product. Other revenue decreased sequentially to 75 million from 139 million. Last quarter this line reflected revenue from the sale of a business as well as [indiscernible] gains that did not repeat this quarter. Non-interest expense was 2.8 billion flat to last quarter the compensation ratio was 58% flat to the second quarter. Non-compensation expense was $796 million, down 5% versus last quarter due to the lack of expense items incurred in the second quarter in conjunction with the closing of the wealth management joint venture, as well as continued expense disciplines. The PBT margin was 19%. Profit before tax was $668 million, another quarter of record profitability. Total client assets were up versus the second quarter at $1.8 trillion. Global fee-based asset inflows were $15 billion. Fee-based assets under management increased to $652 billion at quarter end. Global representatives were 16,517 higher than the second quarter. Bank deposits were $130 billion up versus the second quarter. Approximately $94 billion were held in Morgan Stanly banks. The third quarter was the first in which we did not have a drag from NCI from wealth management, because we now own 100% of the business. Investment management revenues of $828 million were up 23% versus the second quarter. In traditional asset management, revenues of $369 million were down from the second quarter driven by lower performance fees and asset management and administration fees. In real estate investing and merchant banking, our revenues were up meaningfully reflecting strong investment performance, favorable market conditions and catch up of carried interest in two funds as we surpassed our hurdle rates. Expenses were $528 million, up 3% from the second quarter driven by higher compensation associated with higher revenues. Profit before tax was $300 million, up 88% sequentially. NCI was $64 million versus $21 million last quarter. Total assets under management increased to $360 billion driven by market appreciations. Turning to our outlook. The impasse in Washington over the last several weeks was an unfortunate tax on the economy. Assuming constructive steps are now taken, we expect the U.S. growth as well as broader market activity to resume the pace that was on prior to the events of the last several weeks. Although our M&A pipeline has steadily grown over the course of 2013 and increase in transaction volume off of the recent lows hinders on CEO confidence about the economic outlook. Clearly regarding a long-term resolution as distinct from a short-term fix is likely needed before there was meaningful pickup in new activities. However, M&A revenues for the fourth quarter should not be affected to any notable extent by the recent impasse in the upcoming decision dates, because revenues are associated with deals that have already been announced and are well on the path to closings. Underwriting activity, particularly on the equity side, remained strong. Institutional trading activity started off the quarter relatively subdued, but may accelerate on the back of the recent temporary resolutions. Retail investors have been similarly cautious though they have not pulled away from the markets. I will conclude by saying our results evidenced a stable and diverse business mix. The model weathered a slowing trading environment well but of far greater importance is one that is poised for greater upside with normal fees. With our high margin predictable wealth management business such a significant percent of our portfolio, we have a significant shock absorber in weaker markets. In addition, we expect that our earnings will be even more predictable with the ongoing execution of our bank strategy. Morgan Stanley is well positioned from a resource perspective from a return to somewhat normal market. Our bar is at the lowest levels in the earth and we are prepared to take risk on behalf of our clients when demand resumes. Liquidity is high and we have a strong and high quality capital base. Thank you for joining us. And James and I will now take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And the first question will come from Glenn Schorr with ISI.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thanks. So I heard your comments loud and clear on fixed income in the quarter, I just want to make sure that the RWA shrinkage is on track at the same pace that you had laid out for us and that there is no necessary mindset change in offshore [ph] and still think that you can put up in the, I don’t know, $1.5 billion to $2 billion a quarter range in normalcy?
Ruth Porat: So our orderly reduction program [ph] is very much on track, has not changed that. The only thing that I did discuss at a conference in September is to provide greater clarity about our consistent perhaps to reduce [indiscernible] within fixed income. We are breaking out lending from the RWA total so we’re presenting just RWAs for fixed income so in the second quarter when I said we had 239 billion of RWAs in fixed income if you exclude the lending related RWAs that number is 219 billion. This quarter we are down to 213 billion and we've similarly reset our end state it was 200 billion it's now sub 180 billion. So very much on the same path, no change there and then as it relates to how we're looking at managing the business overall we’ve a very keen lends on driving to and ROEs that is greater than our cost to capital. We think that the reduction and risk weighted assets is a core part of that, expense management is core part of that and that is a key driver. We’re looking at revenues, expenses capital optimization but the key lens is really on in ROE and excess of our cost to capital.
Glenn Schorr: Fair enough. On that front just I noticed first is the Basel III ratio that you gave at 10.8 is that standardized versus advanced and curious on how we got 90 basis point growth in the quarter I mean earnings were okay but risk weighted assets were down 2.8% it's a big jump, was just curious how they got there.
Ruth Porat: That's on advanced, it's fully loaded and it is driven by two things, one, earnings accretion and then the associated reduction in numerator deducts under Basel III and the reduction in risk weighted assets. So both numerator benefits and denominator benefits.
Glenn Schorr: Not something we should be looking for every quarter, right? I mean it's a big, big move.
Ruth Porat: I'm not going to, I will let you do the forecast they were continuing to drive earnings and was continuing to reduce the risk weighted assets.
Glenn Schorr: Okay last one you were also on the long-term lending commitment page 12, there is a wealth management loans and lending lines that's been growing sub-45% year-on-year it's up 7% in the quarter. Is that in any way a leading indicator for deposit deployment or am I mixing apples and oranges there?
Glenn Schorr: No you are very much focused on where we’re focused strategically one of the big benefits of the acquisition is onboarding of the deposits. The rate of onboarding this quarter this past quarter, the third quarter was unusually high. We had a big slug come over immediately upon shortly after closing the acquisition and on a go forward basis we will have 1.75 billion in that area, 1.75 billion coming over on a monthly basis. So we had a bigger on boarding this quarter but the focus really is deployment of those deposits to support loan growth both in wealth management and on the institutional security side and as we've talked about in wealth management the real opportunity is we’re underpenetrated versus our peers. Now we’ve got about 5% penetration, our peers have about 10% and we see very attractive growth opportunities both with PLA product that's security based lending as well as residential mortgages and so that's what you're seeing and that's what we've been building towards since 2009 when we created the joint venture and we’re executing on that.
Glenn Schorr: I just want to know are those commitments, is that securities based lending because my gut is it's a tough environment while refi is dropping by 50% in the quarter, is that securities based lending? What am I looking at to see that kind of growth in commitments? Because something good is happening.
Ruth Porat: So PLAQUE, the securities based lending PLA you are seeing strong growth in it, residential mortgage is where you have commitments and that we've had a strong pipeline of demand there so even with the slowing environment we have more demand than we’re executing against but the bigger growth is in PLA.
Operator: The next question will come from Howard Chen with Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen: Just a follow-up on slower quarter for everyone we can see that you de-risk. I was just hoping you can discuss where returns are in the major fixed businesses today. So we can just track progress over time as the environment improves and you do evolve of what you want to do on capital and expenses?
Ruth Porat: So the – was that – it was lower volumes industry wide, I would note that and I said this in my comments given the tightening in our credit spreads, we did also have a meaningful negative swing in CVA sequentially. If you exclude CVA in both quarters, our FICC results were actually down single-digit percentages, but going through the products as you asked, rates was challenging, risk remained low. We continue to run with the historically low levels there. It tapers down in May as you may recall I talked about that last quarter. So we would look to see some upside in that business longer term if markets normalize. Foreign exchange was down quarter-over-quarter. That was volumes and mix. Electronic is better, but voice is lower and that’s the higher margin. So that was bit of a drag. On credit – on the credit side as I noted, it was a bright spot. We were actually up quarter-over-quarter. We had good performance across IT distressed and high yields and was balanced across geographies. That’s been a consistent strong area for Morgan Stanley. Mortgages was also quieter and commodities was up a bit modestly, but still running at lower levels. So overall, I mean, the net of it you can see in the results was slower, quieter, quarter. Our risk was down, we are always down in those areas and we would expect to see some upside as markets normalize.
Howard Chen: Okay, thanks Ruth. And switching over to supplemental leverage ratio, can you discuss what the change in centralized clearing assumptions did to the model and is it simply earnings generation during the quarter that made up to that delta for that model change and with the positive inflows you mentioned or is there something else that’s going on?
Ruth Porat: So in terms of clearing in the second quarter, I think the general industry lead was clearing would benefit the denominator. And obviously in the second quarter, the rules have just come out prior to various earnings calls and we have now had time to assess clarify certain items. There were changes in both the numerator and the denominator. And in particular with respect to central clearing the rules clarified clearing unto itself doesn’t – isn’t a deduct, it does facilitate compression trades and we are still very focused on back loading. And we have seen an acceleration in interest in compression trades by banks both in the U.S. and in Europe, because it’s one of the few tools to reduce exposures. The other thing that changed quarter-over-quarter is the on-boarding of deposits that I mentioned, we on-boarded $21 billion of deposits. So just those two were – was about a 30 basis point reduction and the offset to that really was in the numerator between earnings and some of the numerator deducts was the offset.
Howard Chen: Okay, thanks. And then you have been speaking to higher litigation expenses over the past few quarters, James, you have talked about it more broadly to the investment community, I was just hoping you could take a step back and just give us a sense of what inning you believe Morgan Stanley is in working through just crisis related litigation issues?
James Gorman: Well, that’s an interesting question, Howard. I think we have obviously fully disclosed all of the litigation risks that we have out there and we are working our way through it. I can’t really tell you what inning we have been taking elevated expenses for a couple of quarters, I am sure there will be – some of that will continue, but we are managing our way through. We have I guess the good fortune to be one of the smaller dogs in this price, and as an institution and we obviously have less of the traditional mortgage exposure. So in some areas, we are just not participants happily, but in the traditional – in some of the litigation we are.
Howard Chen: Okay thanks. And maybe just a last follow-up to that one, Ruth, how would you sort of size the incremental litigation expenses this quarter and could you also just give us the size on the gain on sale of Hub as well? Thanks.
Ruth Porat: So litigation has been running about $200 million to $300 million higher per quarter than one would assume in the end state and state the obvious it’s lumpy, it’s unpredictable, but we got to tell you more it’s on the same set of issues associated with pre-crisis matters and so it should come down when these issues are behind the industry, but it’s been about $200 million to $300 million. And then with respect to the sale – the gain on sale, it’s part of the overall investments line. There are number of items in that. And I think on a go-forward basis, if you look at prior quarter, prior year that’s probably more reflective of future run rates.
Howard Chen: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Next question will come from Guy Moszkowski with Autonomous Research.
Guy Moszkowski: I just wanted to clarify a little bit the comments that Ruth made about the receipt but not really deployment of the deposits. I mean there must have been some impact on net interest income for GWM and maybe more broadly for the corporation from the receipt of those deposits or is that not fair?
Ruth Porat: I know that ain’t fair. What I was trying to say is that with the on-boarding of deposits we did have a big portion come over in this quarter, a lot still in cash and we’re deploying it into AFS and loan growth and so you do see this quarter some of the upside in net interest income and wealth management is due to growth in our lending balances. The other benefit you see in NII is associated with the acquisition part of the acquisition we eliminated outstanding preferred with Citi and the expenses associated with it. So two drivers of net interest income but you're absolutely right, there is upside this quarter in that and we expect to continue to see more upside as we’re deploying out of cash into AFS and loan growth.
Guy Moszkowski: And then you gave a you told us that your quotes are one of 10.8 under Basel III was under the advanced basis. Can you tell us what the calculation is on standardized basis?
Ruth Porat: So on a standardized basis RWAs are a bit higher it's obviously the second test we establish a minimum and if we’re running greater than the required we’re not required to report it but we are above that minimum.
Guy Moszkowski: So you're saying the RWAs are higher and so the standardized ratio would be lower?
Ruth Porat: Yeah. The standardized ratio will be lower; I guess that's most relevant actually under CCAR moving to standardized for 2015 but of course requirements under CCAR for standardized is 4.5%.
Guy Moszkowski: Right. Goldman gave some comments on their investment banking backlog and said that it was actually the best it's been in five years. Can you give us a sense for your comments sounded a little bit more cautious in that regard but can you give us a sense for the direction of your backlog relative to last quarter?
Ruth Porat: The backlog is up, it's actually it's high been in years. My comment with respect to in particular M&A is the backlog in M&A has been growing nicely throughout the year consistently but the main factor really is while we have talked about on many other quarters which is M&A is proxy of CEO confidence and given the impacts in the last couple of weeks and the fact that we don’t have a final deal in DC but it's kind of an interim step here. I just had a caveat that until there is confidence about the economic outlook I wouldn't want to suggest that that growing pipeline actually goes through to announce and closed. It's frustrating because all signs had been that DC was improving and confidence was up and the pipeline was building accordingly and hopefully we get a resolution and we actually see that work its way through. The equity pipeline is also very strong, the highest it's been in years and I think that we would expect to see more activity that moving through the pipeline. The fourth quarter tends to be seasonally better than the third quarter given July blackouts and August and it's a very strong high-quality pipeline.
Guy Moszkowski: And then the final question is on FICC, you have someone else had asked identified in the past a minimum target revenue of 6 billion and I think the implication has been that in order to exceed your cost of capital you need to generate that kind of revenue levels year-to-date on a cleaned up ex-DVA basis. You have done about 3.5, so let's say that you're cracking for 4.5ish this year. That’s still well below the 6 billion, do you remain as confident as you might have been a couple of quarters ago that the $6 billion is a realistically achievable level and if not have you, are you making any incremental changes to your resource deployments?
Ruth Porat: We remain very focused and confident about the path to a higher ROE in fixed income and as I said there are three major levels, revenues which is a function of the operating environment among other things. And so we will put that to the side expenses and capital. And we are looking at all three levers, but the main thing is controlling that which we control to drive ROEs greater than the cost of capital within fixed income. And so between expense management, some of the things that we have been doing there continue to do and capital optimization we have a flight path to an ROE in excess of cost of capital. And that’s the real value. If there is one metric to stay focused on, it’s ROE. That’s the way we are managing the business.
Guy Moszkowski: Got it. So it sounds like you feel that you might be able to achieve that cost of – that, that return ahead of the cost of equity without necessarily achieving $6 billion in revenue given the expense and other capital levers that you can use. Is that fair?
Ruth Porat: Yes.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay, great. That’s really helpful. Thank you so much.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Mike Mayo: Hi. I just wanted to follow-up on your comment James that you are just beginning to see the benefits from acquisition of the 100% of the joint venture. I mean your branches are already down your profit margin is up some to have the deposits aside from additional loan penetration to your customers, what other benefits are still to be achieved?
Ruth Porat: So I will start on that. There are quite a number if you just go through the items that we talked about that are the contractual benefit as a result of the acquisition that will probably give you a sense of why we believe we are just beginning to see it. So one is the order flow agreement that we terminated that upon completion of the acquisition and so order flow previously went down over JV partner stays at Morgan Stanley, that’s in the principle trading line. However, given industry volumes were lower in the third quarter just with the overall markets having seasonality, we had a more modest benefit lower than we would expect on a quarterly basis and then a more normal environment still upside there. Net interest income I already commented on, but with continued loan deployment, that’s a very important area additional upside, in particular, given the margin on that – on loan products we see real upside in NIM. There are couple of other ins and outs to deposit referrals in the FDIC fees smaller and then obviously the elimination of NCI, which is below the line, but does benefit earnings. And so again a more normalized environment continuing to build out the loan book the upside from that lending product are dropping to the bottom lines.
James Gorman: And I think, Mike, I would add a couple of additional thoughts. One is if you look at where the industry, the wealth management industry now is it’s very concentrated. And during the period of turmoil of the crisis, post-crisis and then our acquisition of Smith Barney and various staggered pieces that we hurdle on the way, there was a lot of attrition, a lot of moving people between different firms. And that is the tax on the industry obviously and it’s inconvenient for clients in many cases, but that level of turnover has dropped significantly and we expect it to continue to drop. So that reduces your overall compensation costs, because obviously recruiting deals can be very expensive, number one. Number two, the strength of the old Smith Barney business at its core was its managed money program and the strength of the Morgan Stanley business at its core was its capital markets capability, which is based upon Westchester. And we are continuing to see each of those strengths sort of populate the other side of the house. So it’s now become together as one firm. And that’s why you are seeing so much growth in the managed money side and you are seeing very good retail distribution of institutional underwriting. So I think just fundamentally it’s a more robust business and the broader industry structure is more accommodating to better performance over time.
Mike Mayo: As far as the outlook for the number of reps, the number of offices, how much you are looking to organically grow the business from here and also how long will it take to deploy the new $20 billion of deposits again?
Ruth Porat: So in terms of FA headcount, it was up this quarter for a couple of reasons. One, attrition has been running at low levels for some time. It was even lower this quarter and then we had a higher number of trainees with the probably the training program and the time of the year. You could see that number going up a bit. Really, we are not managing it to a number. It’s we are still focused very much on as a productivity and we just had a larger training program, strong for your needs [ph] we’re just starting. So kind of in and around that level. In terms of branches you saw the number of branches come down this quarter, the way we look at that it it's a function of really market by market analysis, [indiscernible] the question is do you have completely fully staffed offices within any market, strong culture, no more room in this space. No need to consolidate or should you consolidate so at this point the big reductions that we've seen are really behind us now it's just market by market analysis and then in terms of the deployment of the deposits to support loan growth, you're really going to see that the deposits deployment go not just into wealth management products but also institutional products and of course the AFS portfolio and as we consistently have said we’re very much leading with risk management credit risk management. So there is nice growth near-term and we've been building that infrastructure as I've said since we created the joint venture back in 2009 but we’re leading with risk management, we're not, just going to keep using the term prudent study pace and you will continue to see it deployed over the next continued study phase.
Mike Mayo: Then last follow-up what specific loan products by category would it be a lot of mortgages or what else in addition to that?
Ruth Porat: Well the main thing is really this PLA product, the securities based lending product which is a more flexible product for our clients really enables them to retain their securities portfolio, continued to be invested in the market that's the primary one. We’re underpenetrated as I said, residential mortgage is next on the list, the next major category for our retail area and we continue to have strong demand because we’re off of such a small base and again given the low levels of penetration. And then on the institutional security side its product very consistent with our strong areas within our franchise to James opening comment where we have strong client franchise, strong bankers that built the incremental infrastructure required. So for example in commercial real estate, in project finance areas consistent with the businesses we’re already in where we are already serving clients, we're now just expanding the suite of products. So it's growth in both areas.
Operator: The next question will come from Mike Carrier with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Mike Carrier: Just a follow up on the SLR, you mentioned some changes in that process. You guys have gone through the proposal, in terms of getting from 4% to 5% in 2015. Can you just give us an update on that glide path again in the past you said collapsing is in trade but anything that has changed based on further review of the proposal?
Ruth Porat: Certainly so greater than 5% in 2015 we’re very confident with the supply path there because there are opportunities with both the numerator and denominator and very consistent with the strategy against which we’re then executing. So we’re not assuming any benefits from potential changes in the rules and starting with the denominator where we see the biggest opportunity, the first is with our focus on reducing risk-weighted assets and fixed income that leads to a reduction in the balance sheet, a reduction in the grossed up balance sheet of this relationship between RWAs and grossed up balance sheet. So that's number one, its very much on strategy. The second is derivatives growth as I said can be reduced through compression trade; we've been focused on that for some time. We had not previous as of the second quarter hadn’t quantified it and viewed it as an additional upside opportunity. All that we've done in central clearing, our focus in particular on back loading helps facilitate the pace of compression trades and just in the SLR was announced and the BIS proposal was announced, we have seen an interesting in compression we think both in U.S. and in Europe and the total compression opportunity is greater than what we had assumed from clearing. So that is very much in the plan. There is also numerator benefits from capital accretion and some of the numerator mitigation so that the combined gets us to a strong glide path to greater than 5% in 2015 and also important to know it includes the assumption that we would have spiteful capital returns to shareholders.
Mike Carrier: And then just on the asset management business it seems like each quarter it comes in stronger than expected. I guess just two questions on that on the traditional side it seems like it was a little weaker you mentioned performance fees to just trying to figure out how much that impacted it? And then when I think about the real estate and merchant banking, just longer term you just want to try to gauge how much of that business you guys can still do meaning its funds managed by others versus anything that you might have to shrink over time. Just want to get an update on that?
Ruth Porat: Sure. So on the traditional asset management side, you identified that it’s – it was down due to higher performance fees in the second quarter. And then we had higher waivers on liquidity funds this quarter. And then on real estate and merchant banking as I said the upside was gains there. We recently broke through hurdle rates on two funds. So we had catch up on carry for those two funds. We are now close to the end of the catch up for those two funds. We are earning carry on several other funds, but good performance and had attractive catch up on carry. And then in terms of looking forward and those funds we have strong teams in place. We are pleased with the returns there. And it’s clearly a function of how much capital you have in those businesses.
James Gorman: Yes, I don’t think there is any constraint or in fact I think the business is in some ways more attractive, because increasingly it’s fee-based businesses, because you have less capital at risk, where we are in private equity, we are in mezzanine finance, we are in real estate, we are in infrastructure funding, we have a pretty broad-based merchant bank. And a number of those groups are in fundraising right now. And I think its good teams as Ruth said, good performance, limited capital and it’s a nice business model.
Mike Carrier: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: Next question will come from Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning.
James Gorman: Good morning.
Brennan Hawken: So just to follow up there real quick on Mike’s question, is it possible to quantify the carry in the catch up that you guys had this quarter just so we can understand how much is recurring and how much was sort of more one-time?
Ruth Porat: No, we don’t break that. I can leave that to you.
Brennan Hawken: That’s alright, okay. I figured I’d give it a shot. And then on asset management just to sort of verify because I think there was a little bit of confusion before to be open on this, would you guys had a bump in your investments line in the investment management division, but that really – it’s my understanding that primarily washes out in NCI for that segment, is that right?
Ruth Porat: No, within investment management, we had carry catch up as we indicated, because we broke through the hurdle rate on a couple of funds. And so a majority of that actually is retained at Morgan Stanley and NCI can see as well, there is still NCI associated with the funds, but now we retain a large portion of that in-house.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. So that was the primary source of the carry and then we have got to just basically come up with our own assumptions about how much is catch up and how much is repeatable?
Ruth Porat: Correct.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. And then you gave some great color on the strength in the equities business of remarkably strong quarter really especially looking at the U.S. counterparts, they have reported here to-date. And it didn’t sound like, there were any kind of one-time components or things that wouldn’t repeat, but just kind of just want to verify, is there anything that we should think about as one-time in nature in that number?
Ruth Porat: No, we have consistent – I feel like quarter-after-quarter we talk about the strength in our Institutional Equities business. There was another strong quarter across products and geographies and I have said that a number of quarters in a row here balanced across the franchise. DV balances were very resilient and that was notable given summer seasonality. And cash equities, the market data indicates that we outperformed with industry volumes down, so a strong quarter. Typically, the fourth quarter is lower in part with PB balances lower as managers go into year-end, but nothing to note other than consistent strong performance by the Institutional Equities business.
James Gorman: One of the things that has been a determined move by the equities management is to provide a much more integrated approach across cash derivatives prime brokerage to our clients. And I think that help me as gain market share and obviously helps with the stability of the revenues.
Brennan Hawken: Terrific. Thanks. And then last one for me just on the buybacks, is this the right pace we should assume or should we assume some pick up here in 4Q and the buyback is approved through the first quarter too, so we should carry that through that right, just want to verify my understanding there?
Ruth Porat: Yes. The approval process for CCAR through the end of the first quarter of 2014. So you should assume that we will use it no later than the end of the first quarter of 2014.
Brennan Hawken: And is it okay; is it right for us to assume that there is a space for a pickup in the phase?
Ruth Porat: Well the map would just that given what we've used so far.
Operator: The next question will come from with Fiona Swaffield with RBC.
Fiona Swaffield: I just have a couple of follow-up questions on [indiscernible] and deductions. Firstly on the deductions they seem to have fallen quite significantly on 1.5 billion sequentially, could you explain what’s driving that, what kind of things whether its into institute GTA [PH] or private equity funds I'm not sure and then the secondary is on the Basel III RWAs, they have gone down outside of fixed income I think for the first time, I remember it. Are you doing something particularly outside fixed income as well on the Basel III efficiency basis? Thanks.
Ruth Porat: So in terms of Basel III RWAs the main focus really is in the fixed income as you know as you said I think it just consistent with overall wider market low volumes the backdrop that we have been talking about. In terms of the Tier 1 common and numerator and deductions there obviously the buckets and waterfall of numerator deductions based on Tier 1 common levels and so again as we create capital there are reduced deductions, numerator deductions kind of the waterfall.
Operator: The next question will come from Eric Wasserstrom with SunTrust Robinson.
Eric Wasserstrom: Just two clarifying questions, one back to the SLR glide path, does the continued on-boarding of deposits is that done sort of ratably over the period of time in terms of their contemplation in SLR or is the endpoint somehow fully loaded in the current figure?
Ruth Porat: So there are two parts to that question, the on-boarding of deposits was very large in the third quarter due the, that was contractual nature of the acquisition, one large tranche came on as I said a couple of weeks after closing and then the balance of fit is about 1.75 billion per month through the middle of 2015. So the big increase that we saw this quarter you’re not going to see on a go forward basis that’s the terms of the contract 1.75 per month through mid-2015 and yes that is fully loaded into the estimate of greater than 5% in 2015.
Eric Wasserstrom: Got it, it's just that the influence of the incremental is just not so significant over the-
Ruth Porat: Exactly and as you have deployment you have greater earnings though you’ve a couple of variables going on as well.
Eric Wasserstrom: Got it and then just returning to FICC, it sounds like the most significant comment you made is that adjusting for some of the items that your results quarter-on-quarter would have been down actually relatively little and so I'm just trying to reconcile that with the and of course it looked like there was a little bit of share gain in credits from some of your commentary. And so I’m just trying to reconcile that with the continued reduction in RWAs to understand how it is that there is this group of assets that seem to have so little profitability associated with it.
Ruth Porat: That's precisely the problem they have so little profitability, associated with them currently and on a go forward basis. So the RWAs that we identified that we’re reducing structure credit, long dated uncollateralized derivatives are drag on the overall returns in the business and through passive and active mitigation we are pleased to be shutting them at the fastest pace that we can. You've seen that we are materially ahead of anything that we laid out you know we were 390 billion on the old [ph] basis, RWA is back in the third quarter of '11 it's been a lot of heavy lifting and we are getting near to the -- there is light at the end of the tunnel given the pace of execution and with business leaders having the analytics, dashboards to know how to reduce risk weighted assets that’s helped the pace. So we are pleased to be exiting them and it does help on the overall returns because it not only helps free-up capital from fixed income but I think that it's providing us with more consistent quality earnings base within fixed income which is one of the key elements as we’re thinking about how to resize any kind of capital return on a go forward basis.
Operator: The next question will come from Roger Freeman with Barclays Capital.
Roger Freeman: Hi, good morning. Just on the – back on the share repurchases, you think you commented I think earlier, greater share repurchases to hit the greater than 5% target. And obviously also as part of the ROE expansion, does that – that doesn’t assume anything sort of beyond the pace that you have been approved for, is that right?
Ruth Porat: I mean the answer what I think your question was and then let you have a follow-up if I missed it.
Roger Freeman: Okay.
Ruth Porat: So I was answering one question regarding the very small share repurchase program we approved to do this year that ends through March, we enter the end of the first quarter. And as we look forward given all that we have done to build capital given the greater consistency of results, the accretion of capital, we are building in our view increased flexibility to return more capital on a go-forward basis. We are not going to judge CCAR or timing cadence, but it does build greater flexibility on a go-forward basis and that’s what I was trying to convey. I am not sure if I hit your questions.
Roger Freeman: Yes, mostly. I guess the point being that greater share repurchases is part of the active hitting 5% and that’s 2015 target, that’s kind of implies that you would expect to do higher than the small repurchase next year as that gives you a year?
Ruth Porat: We have certainly built in that in providing this guidance of higher than 5%, but until we see the CCAR number, we have the capacity to do it.
Roger Freeman: Got it.
Ruth Porat: As what the greater than 5% means and my caveat, we haven’t seen the CCAR rolls, the shocks. So we are not going to prejudge CCAR as that I am not going to say what it will be next year, but we certainly have the capacity with the glide path to greater than 5% with much higher share repurchase even included in that number.
Roger Freeman: Okay. And then I just wanted to maybe get any updated thoughts you have on the physical commodities business obviously, we don’t have final walker yet, but there has been a lot of obviously discussion in the industry and others have gotten out, this is where -- how do you think this stands for you strategically?
Ruth Porat: Well, I don’t think there is much change from what we commented on previously. It’s been a good business for us for many years. We want to be smart about what we do to drive returns in the business for the firm overall and so really no update at this point.
Roger Freeman: Okay. And just a small one on the – back on the carry, I know you are not quantifying the size, but what percentage of the way – the carry catch up, is this typical 80-20 in catch up?
Ruth Porat: Yes, probably I think a bit more than that. So basically…
Roger Freeman: Right, 75% and 80% away there?
Ruth Porat: No, so we have done a carry catch up this quarter and we are almost through it. And so again it’s going to be a function of the market in the economy.
Roger Freeman: Okay. So there is a little bit to go. Okay.
Ruth Porat: Right.
Roger Freeman: Alright, okay, thanks.
Operator: The next question will come from Jim Mitchell with Buckingham Research.
Jim Mitchell: Hey, good morning. One quick follow-up on the SLRs, are compression trades and OTC clearing, are they in your guidance? I thought it was excluding that, it was just sort of the run-off would get you to 5% or did I misunderstand that?
Ruth Porat: So in the second quarter as I said, the general industry read was that clearing would benefit the denominator. Since then its clarified clearing unto itself does not, so take that out. When you take that out and you add the deposit growth that’s the 30 basis point deduct that I mentioned previously. However, what we have separately – we have the time now to do is go through and quantify the benefit from compression trades. So compression trades is distinct from clearing, reduce the denominator and it’s really the pace of activity with compression trades volume that we are targeting with compression trades is what helps is one component of what drives the leverage ratio higher. The fact that we have been focused on central clearing for some time and that we have been focused on back loading facilitates the pace of compression but put those two as distinct issues and it’s not the clearing itself, but just compressions.
Jim Mitchell: Fair enough, the compression in your guidance of that.
Ruth Porat: Yes. Compression is in the guidance.
Jim Mitchell: Okay, thanks. And then on the cost saves, can you give us some sense in where you are, you targeting $1.6 billion net by the end of next year? Where do you stand at this point?
Ruth Porat: So we are very much on track for the expense reduction goals. When we set out the goal, as you may recall, of $1.6 billion reduction, it's at the end of 2012 and said by the end of 2014 we would be down by 1.6 billion but we're also very careful to say that that was predicated on revenues flat to 2012 and indicated that it was higher revenues which we expected certain expenses would go up in particular those that are activity-based but that we would measure progress based on overall expense ratios, we’re trying to hold for it number of different components and when you look at the components of non-composition expense year-to-date, activity related costs like brokerage and clearing and transaction taxes are up while non-activity related costs like occupancy and market data are down and so when you kind of go through the map take 2012 revenues, deducts that our expense ratio back then was I think it was 84%. If you deduct the 1.6 billion expense savings, we said we would get that takes your expense ratio down to 79%. We now have revenues up from activity related costs up but net-net we’re at that level and if you exclude elevated litigation expense we're ahead and our view is that litigation expense will be a cost for the industry for the near-term but we’re improving our fundamental cost base and we will get through that at some point. So very much on-track for the expense program ex-litigation.
Jim Mitchell: Right I mean I understand what you're saying you had targeted ratios but revenues are up where do you think they should be current revenues or I guess another way to say if you think your 50% of the way through it 25% or 75%. I mean obviously you must have some kind of thoughts on absolute headcount or something like that?
Ruth Porat: Just on the numbers given we are already at the 79% expense ratio that was implied back in 2012. One way to answer I would say that we’re excluding litigation that we’re, that we have achieved but we’re only partially way through executing it and so we have the balance of next year fourth quarter balance of next year to continue to execute on programs that we've laid out and for that reason we say that and I would say that we’re there but we're continuing to execute on the programs that we identified back at the end of 2012. So we’re feeling very good about our ability to continue to reduce expense rate.
James Gorman: I will just add that there is a culture of expense management across the firm but we haven't seen for long time whenever I travel around the world local offices, sub-business groups everybody understands the program; everybody understands what we’re doing. We have a very well-coordinated program with 40 or 50 executives as part of it. So this is going to be continuous process. As Ruth said on the percentage basis I mean we’re already at the 79% but that's honestly that's not our focus, our focus is continue to make the firm more efficient by bringing in together as one firm which we did taking three platforms to one in wealth management, operating wealth management closer to institutional securities, lot of the electronic development within institutional securities. So there have been a lot of things that are going to be ongoing for next several years and I think we will continue to add.
Ruth Porat: So we completed three of eight quarters and achieved the target in the end state and we’re continuing to work.
Operator: The final question will come from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: You guys provided a lot of details on fixed RWAs but if you talked about the total assets in that business?
Ruth Porat: We have not broken that up, no.
Matt O'Connor: I guess if I can take a stab at trying to get to the opportunity of reducing those assets if we think about RWAs coming down by 30 billion to 40 billion obviously there is a multiplier effect for the overall firm. I will thing it's more for FICC. It seems like it might be in the 100 billion to 150 billion range in terms of total assets within FICC that might come down?
Ruth Porat: I'm going to go through the map on the call if there is some technical you want to follow up with IR, you can do that.
Matt O'Connor: Okay but it should be a multiple of RWAs I would think, right?
Ruth Porat: So we're looking at the RWA reduction, we're looking at grossed up balance sheet and we’re managing all of our businesses through a risk based capital lends, leverage based capital lends, increase doing an SLR lend. So again while we’re driving is the strongest return in that business so balance sheet is coming down as we -- and grossed up balance sheet is coming down even more as we reduce risk weighted assets.
Matt O'Connor: Okay and then just separately as we think about the remaining 35 billion or so deposits coming in some of the benefits that you still get from what just came on, how should we think about the blended yields you deploy that into. Obviously, this could be a mix of retail loans, corporate loans and some securities, but what’s maybe a good blended yield to think about?
Ruth Porat: In a recent presentation, James actually laid out the return on cash, AFS, lending product and so we are continuing to deploy the cash into AFS and then between both the wealth management and institutional book and so let you build out the growth there. The components are in the presentation.
Matt O'Connor: Okay, thank you very much.
Celeste Brown: Thank you so much for joining our third quarter call. We look forward to speaking to you again in January.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-18 11:00:00) =====
Celeste Mellet Brown: Good morning. This is Celeste Mellet Brown, Head of Investor Relations. Welcome to our SFirst Quarter Earnings Call. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements, which reflect management's current estimates or beliefs and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. The presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our SEC filings at morganstanley.com for a reconciliation of such non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP figures and for a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of Morgan Stanley. This presentation, which is copyrighted by Morgan Stanley and may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent, is not an offer to buy or sell any security or instrument. I’ll now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James Gorman: Thank you, Celeste. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. We will again review the progress we’ve made towards the six strategic priorities we delineated in January that will drive our return on equity and return on tangible equity, excluding DVA to greater than 10% and 12% respectively. We’re pleased with the progress we made during the quarter and we met or exceeded several of the goals. Let me just go through them quickly. First was to acquire 100% of the Wealth Management joint venture. As you know we closed on the final 35% of that joint venture on the last business day of the quarter. As we’ve taken you through the benefits numerous times, I’m not going to spell them out again. Suffice it to say however the deal was a game changer for this firm and for our shareholders, now and for decades to come. Secondly, we put out a goal to achieve Wealth Management margins through expense management and through revenue growth. In addition to owning 100% of the business, one of the key drivers for our way upside is the revenue and margin upside in the Wealth Management business. Both were higher this quarter. The margin of 18.5% represented the fifth consecutive quarter of margin improvement, excluding non-recurring costs associated with the integration in Q3 2012. We reached our highest margin level since the first quarter of 2008. In addition, we increased our margin goals for the Wealth Management business at our financials conference in June to 20% to 22% by the end of 2015 without the benefit of high rates of markets and more than 23% if markets or rates increase. Why the increase? The margins reflect the simple math of the upside from 100% with ongoing investment in the business, using the first quarter of 2013 results as a base. Our third objective was to significantly reduce RWAs in fixed income and commodities. We continued to make progress regarding our fixed income RWA reductions, ending the quarter at $239 billion, down from the first quarter. We continue to expect fixed income RWAs to be below $200 billion by the end of 2016. Our fourth goal was to drive expenses lower in 2013, 2014 and beyond. We’re on track to meet our expense reduction targets and Ruth will take you through this in more detail. As you can clearly see, our expense ratios have improved as we said they would with revenue growth. Our fifth point was to grow earnings through Morgan Stanley’s specific opportunities. We recently received approximately $16 billion of deposits in the initial wave due to us now that we’ own 100% of Wealth Management. The team is executing against our plan to prudently deploy those deposits in support of loan growth in both institutional securities and wealth management. Now that we own 100%, we can execute on more of the initiatives we have in place to better align institutional and wealth management, including a deeper partnership between the businesses and their trading days. Because order flows no longer split with our former partner, we expect deeper and more efficient markets to both our institutional and retail clients, as well as greater revenue opportunity for fixed income, in addition to the order flow benefit we discussed [with you] for Wealth Management. We’re also looking forward to launching new products and increasing the efficiency of firm funding. So our sixth point asked, what did it all add up to? Well, despite difficult markets, our results this quarter evidenced strength and resilience. Revenues in all of our major businesses were up double digits year over year, with Institutional Securities excluding DVA, up 40% and Investment Management up 48%. In addition, we’re pleased to commence the share repurchase we announced this morning, which will offset some of the dilution relating to employee stock programs and also benefit ROE. We recently received a non-objection from the Federal Reserve to return 1% of our tier-1 capital and will execute on the buyback in the forthcoming quarters. We’ve been on a long journey to generate stronger, more sustainable, long term returns with businesses that balance each other in volatile markets. With the acquisition of 100% of Wealth Management, that business model is solidly in place. Our Wealth Management business complements our leading institutional securities business and the adjacencies across the entire platform will drive upside for all of Morgan Stanley. We have strength across areas of fixed income and are consistently in the top three in equity underwriting and M&A lead tables with increasing momentum in fixed income underwriting. Our investment banking franchise is a leader globally and we demonstrated the power of our footprint with important cross-border deal announcements in the quarter. I would now like to draw particular attention to our institutional equities franchise which consistently ranks top two globally in market and wallet share. In the second quarter we continued to execute extremely well against challenging markets. In the cash product we benefitted from the hybrid voice and electronic model centered around integrated client coverage. We approached this business with the delivery of research driven content, market insight, and state of the art trading technology to a wide variety of client types. Our electronic offering spends cash, synthetic cash and derivatives, and has more than doubled market share over the last three years. In equity derivates, our team is capitalizing on the investments we have made over the last several years driven by the breadth of our client reach, deepening relationships and partnerships across the firm, and ongoing strong risk management. And last but not least, in prime brokerage with significant balances we have a practice focused on market access, service excellence and innovative solutions for clients, all leading to an outstanding performance by institutional equities this quarter. With Morgan Stanley's global reach, we are confident there is continued upside for this business and for the firm. Thank you. And I will now turn the call over to Ruth and look forward to your questions later on.
Ruth Porat: Good morning. I will provide both GAAP results and results excluding the effective DVA. We have provided reconciliations in the footnotes to the earnings release to reconcile these non-GAAP measures. The impact of DVA in the quarter was $175 million with $114 million in equity sales and trading and $61 million in fixed-income sales and trading. Excluding the impact of DVA, firm wide revenues were $8.3 billion, down approximately 2% versus the first quarter. The effective tax rate from continuing operations for the second quarter was 31%. Earnings from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholder, excluding DVA, were approximately $720 million which included a negative adjustment of $152 million related to the acquisition of the remaining 35% stake in the wealth management joint venture. Earnings from continuing operations per diluted share excluding DVA was $0.37 after preferred dividends. EPS included a negative adjustment of $0.08 per share from the acquisition of the remainder of the wealth management joint venture. On a GAAP basis, including the impact of DVA, firm wide revenues for the quarter were $8.5 billion. Earnings from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders were $831 million. Reported earnings from continuing operations per diluted share also inclusive of the negative adjustment of $0.08, were $0.43 per share after preferred dividends. Book value at the end of the quarter was $31.48 per share, tangible book value was $26.27 per share reflecting a reduction of $1.49 due to the completion of the acquisition of the wealth management joint venture partially offset by earnings. Turning to the balance sheet. Our total assets were $806 billion at June 30, essentially flat versus last quarter. Deposits were $82 billion, basically unchanged from the prior quarter. Quarter end deposits did not reflect the first tranche of deposits that are transferred to Morgan Stanley in conjunction with the acquisition of the remainder of the joint venture. The initial deposits come in on a lag basis with $16 billion transferred this week. We will receive the remaining deposits on a monthly basis through the middle of 2015. Our liquidity reserve at the end of the quarter was $181 billion compared with $186 billion at the end of the first quarter. The decline was driven by a reduction in bank liquidity as we deployed excess liquidity to support loan growth. Although our calculations are not final, we believe that our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel 1 will be approximately 11.8%, and our Tier 1 capital ratio will be approximately 14.1%. Risk-weighted assets under Basel 1 and including the final marker risk rules are expected to be approximately $404 billion at June 30. Reflecting our best assessment and expectations of the recently received Federal Reserve rules, our pro forma Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III was 9.9% as of the end of the second quarter. We know that this ratio reflects our best interpretation at this time and it's subject to change as we further study the new rules. We estimate our pro-forma supplementary leverage ratio to be 4.2%. This estimate reflects the most recent United States proposed regulatory rules for the numerator and the denominator and is also subject to change as we study the guidelines. We have a clearly identified path to exceed in 2015 to 5% regulatory requirements. Turning to expenses, total expenses this quarter were $6.7 billion, up 2% versus the first quarter, with compensation expense down 3% and non-compensation expense up 11%. Relative to the expense reduction targets that we articulated in January, we remain on track as best evidenced by our expense ratios relative to our 2014 target. Recall that we expected that some of our expense reduction effort to result in $1.6 billion decline from 2012 reported expenses to 2014 full year expenses. Our $1.6 billion target was set based on revenue consistent with 2012 levels, notwithstanding our expectations for growth. Thus we further indicated that on higher revenues our variable expenses would grow, but the overall expense ratio would improve. Our revenues excluding DVA were up 8% in the first half while expenses were up 5%. Excluding higher litigation costs, our expenses would have been up 2%. Our $1.6 billion cost reduction target on flat revenues implied an expense ratio of approximately 79% for the firm for 2014. We are at that level in the first half of 2013 and would be even better than 79% without higher litigation, with still more expense savings to be realized over time. As a reminder our target for two year target and expenses have and will likely continue to vary from quarter-to-quarter. Recall that we had some non-recurring expenses in the second half of last year. In addition, we had severance and certain wealth management items in our result in the first half of this year. Our targets include an expectation for continued elevated legal expenses, but of course those tend to be lofty and difficult to forecast. We continue to work through our cost cutting programs and they will drive operating leverage through the end of 2014. Let me now discuss our businesses in detail. In Institutional Securities, revenue excluding DDA were $4.2 billion down 5% sequentially. Non-interest expense was $3.4 billion, up 3% versus the first quarter. Compensation was $1.8 billion for the second quarter, down 7% versus the first quarter, reflecting a 42% ratio excluding DDA. Non-compensation expense of $1.6 billion increased 16% from last quarter, driven by increased litigation expense as well as revenue and activity related costs. The business reported a pretax profit of 4785 million, excluding the impact of DVA. Including the impact of DVA, the business reported a pretax profit of $960 million. In investment banking, revenues of $1.1 billion were up 14% versus last quarter, with strong growth in EMEA. According to Thomson Reuters, Morgan Stanley ranked number two in global completed M&A, number three in announced M&A, number two in global IPOs and number three in global equity at the end of the second quarter. Notable transactions included, in advisory, Morgan Stanley acted as lead financial advisor to Kabel Deutschland on the proposed €10.7 billion takeover offer from Vodafone. In equity underwriting, Morgan Stanley successfully priced the $4 billion IPO of Suntory Beverage & Food Limited. Morgan Stanley acted as joint global coordinator and [lead left] book runner on the international tranche. Our JV partner MUFG also acted as joint book runner on the domestic tranche. And in debt underwriting Morgan Stanley acted as an active book runner on Petrobras Jumbo $11 billion fixed tranche senior notes offering as well as Chevron’s $6 billion four tranche senior notes offering. Advisory revenues of $333 million were up 33% versus our first quarter results, driven by cross border activity and improved performance in EMEA and the Americas. Equity underwriting revenues were $327 million, up 16% versus the first quarter, driven by a significant increase in IPO activity and the highest level of sponsor related activity in several years. We had strength in the Americas and Asia, particularly Japan. Fixed income underwriting revenues were $418 million, up 2% versus a strong first quarter driven by loan syndication fees. Equity sales and trading revenues excluding DVA were $1.8 billion, an increase of 13% from last quarter. Equity revenues were up broadly across products, regions and client segments versus the first quarter. Client revenues were the highest level in over a year driven by higher market volumes, increased volatility and greater prime brokerage balances. In cash equities, the revenue increase was driven by continued strong market share and volume growth, in particular in the Americas. Derivatives revenues were up versus last quarter with strength across regions particularly in Japan and the Americas and in part driven by higher volatility. Prime brokerage revenues also increased driven by increased activity during the European dividend season and higher client balances which increased with overall market levels. Fixed income and commodities sales and trading revenues excluding DVA were $1.2 billion. Fixed income revenues decreased versus the first quarter due to higher volatility that resulted in lower client activity. However, a reduction in our risk levels during this period helped offset price volatility. FX delivered its fourth consecutive quarter of revenue gains benefiting from ongoing strong contribution from the firm's electronic trading platform. Commodities results were up meaningfully versus the first quarter benefiting in particular from increased client activity in North American power and natural gas as well as precious metals volatility. Generally, however, the oil liquids market which overtime has been the most important driver of our commodities business, continues to operate at historically low levels. Finally, there was a modest CVA benefit in the quarter. Other sales and trading negative revenues of $57 million compared with positive revenues of $73 million last quarter. Average trading VAR for the second quarter was $61 million versus $72 million in the first quarter driven by a reduction in risk in May in fixed income and commodities. Turning to wealth management. We achieved revenues of $3.5 billion in the second quarter, a record level. Asset management revenues of $1.9 billion were consistent with the first quarter, benefiting from higher market levels that were offset by lower deposit referral fees due to a rate reset late in the first quarter. Transaction revenues decreased 7% from last quarter consisting primarily of commissions of $567 million which were flat to the prior quarter. Investment banking related fees of $258 million, down 6% versus last quarter, reflecting lower new issue volumes. And trading revenues of $223 million which were down 25% versus the first quarter, reflecting the impact of lower activity due to difficult market conditions in June. Net interest revenue increased 8% to $446 million driven primarily by growth in our lending product. Other revenue increased to $139 million in the quarter, primarily due to a gain on the sale of our global stock plan business and our investment portfolio gains. Non-interest expense was $2.9 billion, flat to last quarter. The compensation ratio was 58% versus 60% in the first quarter, reflecting a higher level of net interest income and higher non-compensable revenues in the other revenue line. Non-compensation expense was $834 million up 3% versus last quarter due to a number of expense items incurred in conjunction with the closing of the wealth management joint venture, including software write offs, branch consolidation and increased advertising expenses. The PBT margin was 18.5%. Profit before tax and the PBT margin benefited modestly from the net impact of the unusual revenue expenses in the quarter. Profit before tax was $655 million, the highest level of absolute profitability since the inception of the joint venture. We reported non-controlling interest of $100 million in the quarter, reflecting a full quarter of earnings. Prospectively we will not have the NCI deduction. Total client assets were basically flat to 1Q at $1.8 trillion. Global fee based asset inflows were $10 billion. Fee based assets under management increased to $629 billion at quarter end. Global representatives were 16,321 up slightly from the first quarter. Bank deposits were 127 billion effectively flat to 1Q. Approximately $70 billion were held in Morgan Stanly Bank. As mentioned previously, we received the first wave of deposits associated with the final 35% ownership this week. Investment management revenues of $673 million were up 4% versus the first quarter. In traditional asset management, revenues of $419 million were up from the first quarter, driven by higher performance fees and asset management and administration fees. In real estate investing revenues decreased 11% versus the first quarter when the firm realized strong, principal investment gains. Due to the ownership structure of these funds, the majority of these revenues are passed to third-party Investors in the non-controlling interest line. In merchant banking, revenues were up 31% compared to the first quarter driven by higher principal investment gains. Expenses were $513 million, up 12% from the first quarter, reflecting a change in revenue mix. Profit before tax was $160 million, down 14% sequentially. NCI was 421 million versus $51 million last quarter. Total assets under management increased to $347 billion driven net inflows of $9.8 billion. In terms of our outlook, in the U.S, positive economic data suggests that headwinds are abating. Improving employment, signs of strength and discretionary consumer spending, a healthy outlook for housing and a declining deficit are encouraging signs for our clients and our businesses. Recent Federal Reserve guidance is also constructive, in particular its emphasis on interest rate policy. Institutional clients are repositioning in response to the Fed comments. Equity activity in the U.S. remains strong with U.S. Equity viewed as a relative safe heaven. Our M&A pipeline remains healthy with corporate clients increasingly focused on executing strategic priorities ahead of potential rising rates. And our retail clients remain engaged in the markets. In the Eurozone our outlook for GDP remains subdued. We expect to see higher activity levels, but only relative to anemic lows in recent periods. Japanese markets remained strong and we are well positioned to give partnership with MUFG. In short we benefit from our leading positions globally, our franchise momentum continues and we are increasingly leveraging strengths within business unit to the benefit of the entire firm. Thank you for joining us and James and I will now take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). The first question will come from Mike Carrier with Merrill Lynch.
Michael Carrier: Maybe first question just on the wealth management business, so you’re hitting the margins, you do the buy in. The one area that it just seems like for that business it still looks little bit on the lower side would just be on the returns and grant this quarter. There is a lot of charges and you don't get the full benefit. But it just seems like even on an adjusted basis, it might be in that 7% to 8%. Just going forward, what's the driver there of improving those returns? Obviously as the margins pick up, that's going to benefit it. But just what's the long-term opportunity for the return in the Wealth Management business?
Ruth Porat: Well a couple of points, given there was an acquisition, there is goodwill associated with it. So the return on tangible equity in the business is about 30% today. And we do see the profitability, the profit margin and the returns on that business increasing. So up nicely year-over-year increased versus the last quarter and really reflects the ongoing strength on the revenue line, the benefit as the cost moves that we’ve made on expense line. I did call out that there were some higher expenses this quarter, but fundamentally the benefit on the expense line. And we do see longer term upside as we continue to execute on the lending products. So again upside from lending. We revised our target to 20%-22% by the end of 2015. And again to be clear, that was with no assumption about higher equity market levels or rate changes and we expect that we would be above 23% with the benefits of market and rates. The other thing I would note is that this quarter we did take the charge associated with buying in the balance of the wealth management business. That's $152 million charge, so the return on equity excluding that 10%, but again I would focus you to the return on tangible equity given the acquisition.
Michael Carrier: Okay. That’s helpful. And then maybe just as a follow up on the capital side. So you gave the color on the leverage, you know ratio and the outlook in terms of 2015. In terms of -- how do you get there? What are the different leverage points that you have? And then any impact on the revenues of the business. And the probably more importantly, given that you have got the buybacks this quarter and for the rest of the year, how do you think that plays in? Because obviously their earnings power is improving, the leverage ratio is lower, but you are getting some buyback opportunity. So when you think about buybacks going into '14 and '15, any view on that just given the different dynamics. Thanks.
Ruth Porat: Sure. So let me start with the leverage ratios. I indicated we estimate we are spot at about 4.2% this quarter and as I said we expect to be above 15% in 2015. We do see opportunities with both the numerator and the denominator, and most important they are very consistent with the strategy against which we have been executing. So starting with the denominator where we see a big opportunity, there are a couple of things to note. First, with our focus on reducing risk-weighted assets in fixed income, this is not model approval but passive and active mitigation and as a result we are taking balance sheet down because there is a relationship between risk-weighted assets and gross balance sheet. So that’s the first point. And as we repeatedly said, we are taking risk-weighted assets down in areas that are not accretive to revenues. So we don’t see that as impacting the business. The second is our focus on central clearing. We have talked about that on many calls. We have invested meaningfully in central clearing. We are well positioned to increase the volume of our derivatives through central clearing and back-loading old trades leads to an elimination of the gross up in the denominator. We are obviously accreting capital which benefits the numerator. So when you incorporate those items, 500 million share repurchase we talked about and then assumption that we do continue to return capital on the future, that takes us to this glide path to above 5% in 2015. Now to be clear, on top of those items we do believe there are additional opportunities to reduce the denominator but it's too early to quantify. A couple of examples. With banks on both sides of the Atlantic focused on reducing balance sheet, we believe there could be lower derivatives notionals by compressing offsetting trades between clients and counterparties for non-clearable derivatives. A second opportunity is more upside in central clearing. In our calculation, we only incorporated our expectation for the amount to be cleared in the next 12 months. We didn't go beyond one year. This is an important area and so we do see, again, upside in the reduction in the denominator from the amount that's centrally cleared. And then finally, consistent with all that we have been doing to optimize capital, business unit leaders have the analytics to optimize the returns, we have talked about this in the past. We charge them for the capital balance sheet and liquidity needed to support their business. And when you look at the way we are organized with our bank resource management effort, we've talked about that in the past, BRM. It's a centralized resource governance structure. We are well positioned to make appropriate resource allocation adjustments. So we do feel good about the strength of our capital base. We have baked in returning more capital into that calculation and I would note that we are already above 6% at the bank.
Operator: The next question will come from Guy Moszkowski with Autonomous Research.
Guy Moszkowski: Very encouraging to see the buyback. Can we assume that, that was something that was approved as part of your approvals process with Fed just ahead of the joint venture buy-in?
Ruth Porat: So, just to break it down, in the 2013 CCAR, the only request we put in, as we've talked about on prior calls, was for the wealth management acquisitions given how strategically important that is. And there is a provision though within CCAR, once you have capital approval you can apply for an additional 1% of tier 1 capital for capital action. So upon closing it, I think this is where you are going, but just to make sure I’m very clear on it, as we went to the final closing of the wealth Management acquisition, we put in the request to use this incremental 1% of tier-1 capital for capital actions. We thought it was the logical next step and are pleased to have the approval, no objection and to be commencing the share repurchase. It hasn't yet started. We just got approval for it, so it gives the ability to use it as James said in his opening comments.
James Gorman: I think, Guy, that the key first I'd say consistently is to focus on the strategic platform, get Morgan Stanley in the shape that it needs to be in for the next decade and more. And then the financial management through buybacks and other capital actions obviously follow from that. So were very careful to make sure we got the deal done even though it was a modest capital outlay of $400 and some million before started anything on the capital action. And we’ve taken this first step and obviously we’re pleased to do it.
Guy Moszkowski: But just to follow up on it then, as we think about the platform and the capital that's needed in it, I look at the capital allocations that you give for the different business unit, which is as I told before a very, very helpful disclosure which a lot of people don't do. So thanks for that. I noticed that you brought the capital in ISG down this quarter by a little over $1 billion. And with the accumulation of retained earnings you brought the parent unallocated capital up by a little over 2 billion. Are we supposed to read or can we read anything into that and to what you think you need for the different business platforms and how much you might be accumulating for ultimate return?
Ruth Porat: Let me first clarify what's in the allocation of required capital. So you’re absolutely right, the parent capital number went up. The allocation is based on the final Basel I, Basel 1 plus 2.5 if you want to call it that. And with the reduction in risk weighted assets and fixed income that we require less capital in fixed income, which is why the ISG number went down and the parent number went up, accretion of earnings plus the reduction of capital required in the business. Now the way we are managing the business is with the Basel III lens as we’ve talked about and we will shift this table to Basel III as soon we are -- the industry is reporting on the Basel III basis completely. But fundamentally, what you see here is that we are continuing to accrete capital. That's why we said we believe we are increasing our degrees of flexibility that's reflected in our Basel III tier-1 common ratio and in particular the clarity we think we have with the execution path on the leverage ratio. So directionally, yes, and then the numbers have changed a little as we move to Basel III.
Operator: The next question will come from Howard Chen with Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen: Congratulations on the buyback and results. On the core client fixed franchises, it's been a challenging backdrop, but I think you've expressed some level of disappointment on absolute basis, and the results somewhat like it appears. As you looked at broader fixed franchise performance, what do you attribute under performance to? And what's within your control from here to improve those results and the trajectory of it?
Ruth Porat: Well, it was a tough quarter. We reduced risk in May given our concerns about the potential market volatility within fixed income products. You can see that. When you look at VAR, we ended the quarter with VAR down about 15%. And as I noted risk weighted assets were down, down to $239 billion. In our view it does set us up well going forward to support higher client activity. And we do -- I think that we have upside in quite a number of the products areas. And we’re continuing to benefit from the leadership positions across our franchise given the benefit of adjacencies.
James Gorman: I would just add how there is a little bit of an obsession comparing for size. We don't frankly compare for size. We have a different structure business from a lot of other institutions for very important reasons. We’re not a global commercial bank in the traditional sense. So we’re always going to have smaller foreign exchange and rates businesses. But we focus on our returns. We’ve been through a period where we had to clean up a lot of stuff that we had. We did that going back to MBIA and longer. We had to then build out our flow footprint which we’ve been doing over the last couple of years. And now the business is aligned the way we like it. We’re now working on each of those paths as we laid out at the last analyst call getting to their individual returns. The sum aggregate obviously gives us a decent return for the business. So, we’re much more focused on returns that on size.
Howard Chen: Understood, thanks. And then switching gears over to GWM. Ruth, asset administration fees grew but may be not as much as we expected with the lag pricing dynamic. So, I was just hoping you could walk through the dynamics of the moving parts of the referral fees this quarter? And any other notable trends ex the referral fees that you might have seen through the business?
Ruth Porat: Well, you went right to the key point which was the referral fees. That referral fee is set on an annual basis and it's based on rates at the time. It was reset late in the first quarter. So this is the first full quarter of the lower deposit referral fees. It gets reset again next year. And the deposit referral fee, just like the higher FDIC fee as well, both of those roll off as the deposits roll over to Morgan Stanley.
Howard Chen: And then my final question, thanks for all the thoughts on the supplemental leverage ratio, just, if I heard you correctly, it sounds, Ruth, like most of the mitigating actions you could take are mostly on fixed income. And I guess when I take a step back, I inherently think of yourselves in trading franchise, equity is being inherently more levered business than fix. So how do we kind of marry that with you having fantastic equities results with that inherently being a higher leverage business with you achieving the glide path, if that makes sense? Thanks.
Ruth Porat: So a couple of things. One, we are managing a leverage-based capital -- looking at both leverage-based capital and risk-based capital and a portfolio actually, when you manage those two, results in the highest overall return. Second, on the gross up. In terms of the gross up for the balance sheet, the areas that we're running down are areas entirely consistent, as I said, with the strategy we're executing upon. So back to James' comment that we are not focused on fixed income size for size's sake, we are looking at the returns on the business. And so the run down in risk-weighted assets enables us to focus on the areas that are core to our client franchise where we are continuing to put risk behind clients and the reduction in denominator associated with the move to central clearing. Again, we have repeatedly said on calls that we believe that central clearing is not only good for the market because it increases transparency and standardization, but it does play to Morgan Stanley's strength because it's less about competing on size of the balance sheet and more about content and service and execution. So we were moving in that direction in any event and the opportunity to back load old trades in the central clearing and thereby reduce the denominator, again, consistent with our ability to have a right, a focused, fixed income business that plays to our strength and again benefits from all that we are doing across the franchise.
Howard Chen: Okay. Maybe just one follow-up on that. I guess what I am asking is, it doesn't sound like there is a high level of concern that this supplemental leverage ratio and mitigating to that will disrupt these great results, share gains that you have all made in the equities business over the last few years?
Ruth Porat: I know as I said, I think what the elegance of the rundown to 2014, if that's the right word to use, is it is consistent with the strategy that we have already articulated and against which we're executing. And our equities franchise is a stellar franchise, continued strength across products and geographies, balanced across the franchise and so again able to continue to execute.
Operator: The next question will come from Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Michael Mayo: I just wanted to clarify, Ruth, when you said getting the leverage ratio of 5% that has an assumption for return of capital in the future. What did you mean by that?
Ruth Porat: We included an assumption but I don't want to prejudge where 2014 CCAR comes out, and given flexibility that we have as I enumerated the various other items to further reduce denominator. We have built in levels of flexibility so that again it will be based on where CCAR is at the end of this year and managing the mix of levers that we have. But I noted it because 500 million is a good first step in terms of a share repurchase and it is a tool that we believe we've built flexibility to use on a go forward basis, but don't want to prejudge 2014 CCAR by putting a number out there.
James Gorman: I would just point out though, since the last CCAR we have had earnings of 800, round numbers, 800 of [BM2] and 900. So we are obviously accreting reasonably healthy levels of capital quarter-by-quarter.
Michael Mayo: Still on the topic of capital, the ROE is about half of where your target is. Any general thoughts on how you’re going to improve the ROE from where it is in this quarter?
Ruth Porat: Yeah. So James laid out in January the six point ROE plan and as he said we've already made progress, substantial progress on a number of the items. Completing the Wealth Management acquisition obviously a key step. The earnings this quarter don't have to benefit of that incremental 35% we closed on the last day of the quarter. That starts July 1. The revenue and margin upside, we've delivered, but as we indicated we think there is more upside there. The reduction in risk weighted assets in fixed income, we’re very much on track, if not ahead of track and we do believe that there is upside in that business. We're continuing to execute on the wealth management -- sorry, on the expense ratios. And expenses were a bit higher this quarter as we noted. Litigation was a bit higher and again we're on a good trajectory to have tighter expense ratios as we go through to 2014. We’re executing on our on the bank strategy which again gives us some upside and capital as well. So the ROE this quarter was obviously also depressed by the charge associated with buying in the Wealth Management business. But when you roll those items together, excluding the charge about 6% and then we see upside from the six items that we've consistently taken you back to.
James Gorman: Mike, I'd just say there is nothing that we have seen in this quarter that changes our view on what we laid out on our ROE projections. We stand by them.
Michael Mayo: And you mentioned backlogs a little bit, but could you elaborate a little bit more?
Ruth Porat: Sure. The pipeline does remain healthy. U.S. Activities is strong as I did note. Europe is up, but that's versus a very week prior 12 months. Japan continues to be strong. Emerging markets are mixed. China is slow. Brazil has a big pipeline, but as challenged. We think that's on pause at least for now. But we’re seeing greater opportunity in Asia Pacific. So it's very country specific. I think the intriguing element is this backlog in M&A which has been sitting for quite some time and I’ve said on prior calls we attribute that to CEO confidence. But what we are increasingly hearing is reassessments of timing, in particular as Fed comments are that any moves are data dependent. Where there are signs of improvements in the economy, that isn't inspiring, in conjunction with concern about higher rates and what that means is if there is a delay. So we are hopeful to see that backlog start moving through the execution. The drivers today on activity have been more cross-border as I noted in the sponsor and activist related activity. The equity pipeline is stable. It’s skewed more towards the U.S., Mexico and Japan.
Michael Mayo: And two more smaller ones. Litigation, how much was it this quarter and where do you expect that to go and what's normal?
Ruth Porat: So the second quarter was up a 140 relative to the first quarter. It's proven to be an ongoing cost for the industry associated with all the pre-crisis matters. It's proven to be lumpy, tough to forecast. But we called it out in terms of the expense comparison, because at some point the financial crisis is behind the industry and these start to abate. And just to give a sense, first half this year versus first half last year we were up $250 million.
Michael Mayo: And then lastly your VAR was down, at some others, it was up. What is that? Is that just a more cautious risk profile or is this just temporary?
Ruth Porat: The VAR was down in particular on the interest rate and credit line. And that really goes to my comments that we reduced risk in May given concerns about potential market volatility within fixed income products. And I think the team did a good job managing that, but it does set us up well to put to support client activity this quarter going forward. We have capacity there.
Operator: The next question will come from Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: So a quick one on leverage. Does the new rule change your view on moving derivatives over to the bank sub?
Ruth Porat: That's a great question because I indicated that we’re above 6% at the bank now. And the way we are looking at it, it's obviously just come out and it's still in the proposal stage. But if we move derivative to the bank, we get a dollar for dollar benefit because we’re not obviously funding them with unsecured any more, but with deposits. So there is some optimization there. And I think the way we are thinking about it is client preference, efficiency, logic of it, how the market is evolving, we have some capacity in the bank that we have a clear flight path for the holding company. So it's much more about looking at the specific asset classes and assessing it and it's too early to actually answer it more specifically than that.
Brennan Hawken: That's fair. So, switching gears then, I guess as you guys continue to work to improve margins in wealth management, is there a way we should think about FA headcount going forward?
Ruth Porat: Well, FA headcount is up a bit this quarter. We continue to be very focused on FA productivity which as I noted is at a record high. And kind of in and around this level is logical and again our focus is primarily on FA productivity. So it's not a line in the sand here.
James Gorman: It will bounce around a little bit quarter-to-quarter. Honestly, I wouldn't think about it too much.
Brennan Hawken: But really productivity is probably the bigger driver in the way that we should think about it more so than actually the number it has?
Ruth Porat: Yes.
James Gorman: By far.
Brennan Hawken: Great. And then last one from me. As NII becomes sort of more important to you all and the asset leverage increases paying a lot more attention to that, and so this question is a little dated, but I kind of not pay as much attention to [NII] guys for a while. It seems as though NII and ISG has been really weak since 2008. What's been behind that? Is there any way to think about that or what are the drivers there?
Ruth Porat: No, I think your opening comments actually answered it. NIM is much more a banking book than a trading book concept and so it's much more relevant for the wealth management business and it has been improving nicely and should continue to as we deploy deposits. So really it's less relevant in the trading business.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. And on the [latter] business, the wealth management business, we have seen kind of a move here in the two and three year treasury. Is there any benefit that we can expect down the line for you guys from that move or is the deposit investment for shorter and only really like the six months LIBOR would have an impact?
Ruth Porat: Yeah, we've indicated that it really is -- we focus on the much shorter end. So the first 150 basis points in Fed funds is about $1.1 billion in PBT for the business. To the extent we're seeing rising rates because there is improving economic activity, that's constructive for all of the businesses but the guidance that we provided was really anchored at the short-end.
Operator: The next question will come from Jim Mitchell with Buckingham.
James Mitchell: Could I just ask a follow up question on the derivatives business as you move to central clearing. We talk a lot about the numerator benefit, but have you done any work trying to figure out what the, if any, capital benefit would be on a Basel III basis and going to moving more and more of the derivatives to centralized clearing platform?
Ruth Porat: Still too early.
James Mitchell: But is it at least -- it makes sense that you get some benefit or there is just no way to tell at all.
Ruth Porat: No, our assumption is there is some benefit. There is benefit to it. And trying to quantify it for our call, it's too early, or to estimate (inaudible) capital, too early.
James Mitchell: Okay. And just a follow-up on the spread question on the deposits. As you pull in $55 billion over the next 24 months. How do we think about, you talked about your leverage is more in the short-end, but in the near-term I assume you are putting it mostly in the AFS portfolio.
Ruth Porat: Correct.
James Mitchell: And with the backup in yields in the intermediate bond area, wouldn’t you get some benefit. I know your target was 1% spread before the rate spike, should we be assuming a little bit better than that?
Ruth Porat: We are still fairly short and it's been our philosophy given we have been in the low interest rate environment is to keep duration short, given the inevitable rise in rates would prove to be a financial drag, and I think that was the right thing to do.
Operator: The next question will come from Roger Freeman with Barclays.
Roger Freeman: I guess just on the FICC business, you are talking about risk having come down in May, with markets more normalized this sort of the level of liquidity provision going up. And what was -- the client may just the volatility or I know you had some management changes too so I’m not sure if that’s factored in there.
Ruth Porat: I was concerned from the team about potential market volatility and just thinking that was it prudent risk management to bring risk down in the business given that concern. And we’re pleased that they did.
Roger Freeman: And market normalcy has returned from your perspective so far as where it seems like we learn that from others?
Ruth Porat: It does seem that way, yes.
Roger Freeman: And just back on the buyback and CCAR, I know you’ve probably said what you can, but just thinking about the 1%, is that a mechanical outcome of this provision to be able to apply for that and not to read into that one way or another as to the Fed's thinking on approving capital stock buyback requests with say your leverage ratio where it is against the target? Are they separate issues?
Ruth Porat: Well, there’s the provision that you have the opportunity to apply to use 1% of your tier-1 capital, but it's still an approval. And so we're pleased to receive the approval no objection and to be able to proceed.
Roger Freeman: And I guess the only other on the clearing rollout, how's that in the swaps businesses. How's that going from your perspective? And it seems like what we’re hearing from others is no real impact on customer volumes. Have you found the same thing?
Ruth Porat: Yes. The big event was obviously category two. The move went well. Clients are ready. We didn't have operational issues. We do think the staggered rollout of clients was constructive between category one and category two. At this point it's premature to judge I think the impact fully on market activity because there were so many other exogenous events. But it went well and we feel we are well positioned.
Operator: The next question will come from Fiona Swaffield with RBC.
Fiona Swaffield: Two things. Firstly on the Basel III look through the 9.9 versus Q1. I don't know if you could talk about the numerator and the denominator, because the RWAs keep on going down in fixed income, but there seems to be something offsetting it was the first question. And the second question was the total exposure number. So the supplementary leverage ratio exposure and the move to that through to full. If we look back and you have that big reduction in FICC Basel III RWAs, could you tell us where the exposure would have been or the leverage ratio would have been at the bottom, just to work out what the correlation is potentially?
Ruth Porat: Okay. So, on the first question, the Basel III firm wide RWAs are $426 billion. Some of the movement between the first quarter and the second quarter obviously there is earnings accretion. There was obviously the charge associated with the Wealth Management acquisition and then just finalization of the rules. That gets you to the 9.9%. And then could you repeat the question regarding the leverage ratio?
Fiona Swaffield: I'm just trying to understand the moving parts on the total exposure, because we've obviously seen the fixed income RWAs come down a lot in the last 18 months and you’re getting more towards the end of that process. So how much is the total exposure going down is really due to the fixed income? Is it -- those total exposure numbers would have been much higher before you started reducing the fixed income book.
Ruth Porat: It would have been much higher before we started reducing the fixed income book. And I think the two buckets that I broke out, one, the RWA reduction and the RWAs in fixed income were $390 billion at the peak. They’re down to $239 billion and most of that really is in areas that are relevant to the growth subs, in particular our structure credit, credit correlation business. So yes, we've absolutely benefited from what we’re doing and we continue to be on an execution perhaps to take it down even more, which is what gives us the confidence we can continue to do so. And then similarly, we’ve moved, already moved quite a bit. We were early in central clearing. And so we’re already seeing some benefit in the denominator from the move to central clearing and look forward to continuing to execute on that portion.
Operator: The final question will come from Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo.
Matthew Burnell: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I appreciate the disclosure, particularly specific to Wealth Management loans on page 12. I guess I'm just curious as to if there is any dollar target or growth target of those loans now that you've got deposits obviously flowing in from the MSSB transaction, given your ongoing statements about trying to grow the spread revenue within wealth management?
Ruth Porat: So, I may give you a somewhat unsatisfactory answer because I'm not going to be able to quantify it by buckets, and the reason is, we've said consistently that we are leading with credit risk management and that it will be a prudent build-out of the portfolio and that is how we are continuing to build it. So, the deposits are going to continue to grow and support growth and lending product both for wealth management and institutional securities. And on the wealth management side, the biggest growth is on the securities based lending and secondarily on residential mortgages. We have 5% penetration of our clients relative to our peers who have 10%. So, our view is that there is tremendous upside. We've got a tailwind there but we're, again, leading with prudent steady growth and that's going to be the continued philosophy around it. And then on the institutional side, that's also how we are going to be utilizing some of the deposits. We do get a funding benefit when we move dollar for dollar funding benefit when we substitute unsecured debt with the more efficient deposits. So, certain product does move to the bank and obviously our relationship or maybe not obviously, our relationship in that lending is in the bank. And then we have an attractive opportunity growing bank appropriate product in the bank. So areas where we already have very strong teams, domain expertise, client base, like commercial real estate lending, asset-based funding, project finance, we can grow the lending suite, an area we hadn't here too far been focused on. So, it is a real diversified portfolio of assets supporting growth on both wealth management and the institutional securities businesses that we'll build over time. And we'll be sharing more about the bank and the bank strategy over time given the growth that we are seeing there.
Matthew Burnell: Then just switching gears a little bit, James, maybe a question for you in terms of how you are thinking about the long-term total payout ratio of the firm given that you've now taken a big step towards that with the announcement of the 500 million share buyback?
James Gorman: Well, as I say, journey of the 1,000 miles begins with a single step and we've had our first step, that's really what mattered. We don't want to get ahead of that obviously. It's what payout ratios are. It's going to be a function of where absolute earnings are and managing against the changing regulatory environment. But what we wanted to do is put ourselves in a position where we could launch a buyback and begin that process which is what we did.
Celeste Mellet Brown: Thank you so much for joining our second quarter call and we look forward to speaking to you again in October.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-18 12:00:00) =====
Celeste Mellet Brown: Good morning. This is Celeste Mellet Brown, Head of Investor Relations. Welcome to our First Quarter Earnings Call. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements, which reflect management's current estimates or beliefs and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. The presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our SEC filings at morganstanley.com for a reconciliation of such non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP figures and for a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of Morgan Stanley. This presentation, which is copyrighted by Morgan Stanley and may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent, is not an offer to buy or sell any security or instrument. I’ll now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James P. Gorman: Thank you, Celeste. Good morning, everyone. We will review the progress we’ve made towards the sixth comprehensive steps we laid out in January that will drive our return on equity and return on tangible equity, excluding DVA to greater than 10% and 12% respectively, assuming a flat revenue environment. We’d like to update you on the progress we’ve made towards each goal during this quarter and we remained committed to the targets as laid out. First and the first point number one to acquire 100% of the Wealth Management joint venture. As hopefully you know during the first quarter we received a non-objection in the CCAR process to our request to use $400 million of our excess capital to buying the remaining 35% of the joint venture from Citi. We’re now waiting further approval from the bid consistent with the process for the 14% purchase last year and we look forward to hearing from the Fed over the next several weeks or months. Number two, to achieve Wealth Management goals through expense management and to exceed them through revenue growth. Due to better expense controls and a more robust revenue environment we were able to drive another 17% margin resulting Wealth Management in the first quarter, despite seasonally higher expenses. In addition, our flows in the managed accounts were very strong at over $15 billion. Long-term we continue to believe this is an extremely attractive business for Morgan Stanley. There is continued upside to profitability driven by a constructive environment in expense controls that gradually shifts back into equities by our clients, continue migration of managed accounts from commission based accounts, and finally revenue and margin upside from earning a 100% of Wealth Management. Point three, to significantly reduce risk weighted assets in fixed income and commodities. We made good progress with the fixed income risk-weighted asset reductions and in the quarter at $253 billion, down from $280 billion at the end of 2012 and slightly below our year-end target of $255 billion. Our progress was partially driven by passive mitigation with much of the decline driven by credit derivative contract expiries. Although we are pleased with that progress, we remain comfortable with our year-end target of $255 billion. Point four was to drive expenses lower in 2013, 2014 and beyond. Non-compensation expenses continue to come down sequentially consistent with the progress we have made last year and the targets we outlined in January. In addition, our firm-wide NIC compensation ratios excluding DVA in severance well below our full-year 2012 ratios, while our total compensation dollars were also below those from year-ago. This largely reflects the significant headcount reduction we made over the past 12 months across that business. Point number five, was to grow earnings through Morgan Stanley’s specific opportunities. As we discussed when we reported the fourth quarter, we believe there is significant revenue upside and expense savings for both institutional securities and Wealth Management as we move closely along those businesses. Institutional securities and Wealth Management launch the joint venture in September 2012 to increase collaboration between the businesses and there are currently of 40 initiatives in various stages of execution. We are already seeing the benefits in the first quarter and expect additional upside over the next several years. For example, prior to 2013 the firm had two separate groups focused on fixed income middle markets institutional clients. In January these groups were integrated under a uniform platform on leadership and are evidencing positive early results. Revenue generated on these accounts was up despite aggregate market volume declines for the particular products in the same period. During the quarter, we continue to deploy our excess bank deposits more efficiently. Our mortgage lending was again higher and we made significant progress in regards to our PLE or Portfolio Lending Efforts, where we expect to drive the majority of our retail lending growth over the next several years. On the Institutional side, we added two new initiatives to our bank suite platform in the first quarter, and we are in the early stages of execution for commercial real estate and warehouse lending. There remain significant opportunities from growing our bank. As we have previously discussed, our deposits will grow to approximately $140 billion after we acquire 100% of the Wealth Management joint venture. And we have a prudent disciplined strategy to deploy those deposits over the next three years. Point number 6, so how does all this set up? Well, our 8% ROE and 9% ROT both excluding DVA or solid start to the year; we expect that these levels will improve driven by the steps I've updated you on. The consistency of our returns is as important as the absolute level of our returns and we have made progress in this regard as well, particularly over the last several quarters. In addition, we believe many of the regulatory headwinds face the industry are already reflected in our results such as the cost of subsidiarization and because our growth areas of those that are unlikely to be much impacted by further regulation, our path is clearer. In closing, I'd like to briefly touch on that Japanese business before I turn the call back to Ruth. Its top of mind because of the trip I made to Tokyo last week to meet with our partners. I saw firsthand the impact of new monetary and fiscal policies on the markets there and the impact they're having on our business. Joint ventures with MUFG, Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities and Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities are uniquely positioned in Japan to take advantage of what is a macro resurgence due to the global client network and capabilities of Morgan Stanley and the domestic Japanese corporate and retail footprint of MUFG. Combined, we have an unparalleled distribution in mediating invested capital flows into Japan and helping Japanese companies grow abroad. In Japan we have top three positions in equity and fixed income underwriting and M&A. As Japanese domestic firms consolidate their IBD market share, JV is differentiated as a domestic firm but truly unique origination capabilities. Outbound M&A volume was up significantly in 2012 and Japan became the number two acquirer nation globally versus number nine in 2009. We're also well positioned in sales and trading and have and will continue to benefit from cross-border flows into Japanese equities where we have a nearly 14% share in equity trading. As we approach the third anniversary of the JV on May 1st, the financial contribution of Morgan Stanley continues to show positive momentum which we expect to continue for some time and was worth calling out at this unique point in transition in Japan. So now let me get back to the broader results and particularly the first quarter and turn it over to Ruth. Thank you.
Ruth Porat: Good morning. I will provide both GAAP results and results excluding the effect of DVA. We have provided reconciliations in the footnotes to the earnings release to reconcile these non-GAAP measures. The negative impact of DVA in the quarter was 370 million with 238 million in fixed income sales and trading and 79 million in equities sales and trading. Excluding the impact of DVA, online revenues were 8.5 billion, up approximately 13% versus the fourth quarter. Non-interest expense was 6.5 billion, up 7% versus the fourth quarter. Compensation expense was 4.2 billion this quarter which included approximately 132 million related to severance. Non-compensation expense was 2.3 billion, down 6% from last quarter. The effective tax rate from continuing operations for the first quarter was 21%. Excluding discrete items, the effective tax rate was about 30%. Earnings from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders excluding DVA were approximately 1.2 billion. Earnings from continuing operations per diluted share were $0.61 after preferred dividends. On a GAAP basis, including the impact of DVA, firm-wide revenues for the quarter were 8.2 billion. Earnings from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders were 977 million. Reported earnings from continuing operations per diluted share were $0.50 after preferred dividends. Book value at the end of the quarter was $31.22 per share; tangible book value was $27.39 per share. Turning to the balance sheet, our total assets were $801 billion at March 31, up from $781 billion last quarter. Deposits were $81 billion consistent with fourth quarter levels. Our liquidity reserve at the end of the quarter was $186 billion compared with $182 billion at the end of the fourth quarter. $118 billion of our liquidity this quarter was parent and non-bank liquidity versus $111 billion at the end of the fourth quarter. We increased our liquidity reserve to ensure we’re well positioned for the potential acquisition of the 35% stake in the Wealth Management joint venture. With respect to our capital ratios, as a reminder beginning this quarter the definition of Basel I capital ratios reflect the implementation of the Basel Committee’s market risk capital framework which is commonly referred to as Basel 2.5. Although our calculations are not final we believe that our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel I will be approximately 11.5% and our Tier 1 capital ratio with be approximately 13.9%. For the fourth quarter the pro forma Tier 1 common ratio under the new framework would be 10.6%. Risk-weighted assets under Basel I are expected to be approximately $403 billion at March 31. Subject to final rule making and reflecting our best assessment of the rules, our pro forma Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III was 9.8% as of the end of the first quarter. Let me now discuss our businesses in detail. In Institutional Securities, revenues, excluding DVA, were $4.4 billion, up 22% sequentially. Non-interest expense was $3.3 billion, up 8% versus the fourth quarter. Compensation which included severance of $113 million was $1.9 million for the first quarter, reflecting a 43% ratio excluding DVA. Excluding DVA and severance the compensation ratio was 40%. Non-compensation expense of $1.4 billion decreased 6% from last quarter. The business reported a pretax profit of $1.1 billion, excluding the impact of DVA. Including the impact of DVA, the business reported a pretax profit of $830 million. In investment banking, revenues of $945 million were down 23% versus last quarter. According to Thomson Reuters, Morgan Stanley ranked #2 in global completed M&A, and #3 in global equity at the end of the first quarter. Notable transactions included in equity underwriting, Zoetis which raised $2.6 billion in its public offering, the largest IPO of the U.S. Company -- of a U.S. Company in almost a year. In advisory, Benckiser acquired DE Master Blenders for €7.6 billion and Morgan Stanley served as financial advisor and joint leader ranger on committed financing to the bidder group. And in debt underwriting as joint book runner we successfully priced $3.5 billion of senior unsecured notes for Intelsat, Luxembourg to refinance existing indebtedness. Advisory revenues of $251 million were down versus our strong fourth quarter results due to lower industry wide volumes and timing of the recognition. Declines were primarily in the Americas. Equity underwriting revenues were $283 million up 19% versus the fourth quarter, driven by improved performance in the U.S. and Asia offset by declines in EMEA. Overall revenue mix for the market was less favorable in the quarter with fewer IPOs in greater block activity. Fixed income underwriting revenues reflected continued strong demand across products although our revenues of $411 million were down versus our record fourth quarter. This quarter the market was more heavily driven by high-yield and leverage loans where our share has historically been lower versus investment grade where we have stronger positioning. Equity, sales and trading revenues excluding DVA, were $1.6 billion, an increase of 14% from last quarter. Equity revenues were up broadly across products, regions and client segments versus the fourth quarter. Client revenues were the highest levels in over a year driven by market share gains and growth in prime brokerage balances. Prime brokerage balance growth in fact outpaced the overall market due to greater balances from existing clients and from new business. Strength in our core businesses was partially offset by the PDT spin-off that was effective January 1, of this year. Fixed Income Commodities and Commodity sales and trading revenues, excluding DVA, were $1.5 billion. Revenues increased versus our fourth quarter results reflecting seasonal patterns, despite a period of challenging market conditions in March. CVA, net of hedges, continued to be a drag this quarter in part due to the tightening of our credit spreads. Results in both macro and credit products were up versus the fourth quarter, driven by strong client activity. In general, clients focused on higher yielding products. Credit corporates were up significantly as secondary trading volumes increased. Securitized products results outperformed due to very strong volume and several CMBS securitizations in the quarter. Commodities sales and trading revenues continued to be challenged by cyclical headwinds but were ahead of fourth quarter results. Other sales and trading revenues of 73 million compared with negative revenues of 34 million last quarter. Average trading VAR for the first quarter was 72 million versus 78 million in the fourth quarter. Turning to Global Wealth Management; revenues of 3.5 billion were up 4% versus the fourth quarter. Asset Management revenues were consistent with the fourth quarter reflecting comparable market levels at the beginning of each period. Transaction revenues increased 15% from last quarter, consisting primarily of commissions of 559 million which increased 5% reflecting greater mutual fund activity despite fewer trading days versus the fourth quarter. Investment Banking related fees of 274 million which increased 32% versus last quarter, driven by strong activity for closed-end funds and trading revenues of 298 million which were up 22% versus the fourth quarter, reflecting the impact of deferred compensation plans and higher fixed income revenues. Net interest revenue increased 6% to 413 million, in part driven by higher average BDP balances and more efficient deployment of our investment portfolio. Non-interest expense was 2.9 billion, up 4% from last quarter. The compensation ratio was 60% versus 57% in the fourth quarter, reflecting seasonally higher compensation expenses in the first quarter. Non-compensation expense was 808 million, down 6% versus last quarter, reflecting continued expense discipline and the roll off of platform integration expenses. The PBT margin was 17%. Profit before tax was 597 million, the highest level of absolute profitability since the inception of the joint venture. Non-controlling interest was 121 million, up from 103 million in the fourth quarter, reflecting stronger results in the joint venture. Total client assets increased 6% to 1.8 trillion, reflecting higher market levels and inflows. Global fee-based asset inflows were 15.3 billion, fee-based assets under management increased to 621 billion at quarter end. Global representatives were 16,284, essentially unchanged from the fourth quarter. Bank deposits were 126 billion versus 131 billion at year-end, as clients began to shift back into the market in January. Approximately 69 billion is held in Morgan Stanley banks. In Asset Management we continued to benefit from the steps we have taken to strengthen the business with higher revenues and another quarter of positive flows into fixed income funds, which is an area of focus for us. In addition, as of March, in excess of 76% of our Long-Only strategies, excluding liquidity, outperformed their benchmarks over three, five and 10 years. Specifically Asset Management revenues of 645 million were up 8% versus the fourth quarter, driven by higher marks and growth in management and admin fees. In Traditional Asset Management, revenues of 401 million were up from the fourth quarter, driven by higher global equity markets and continued positive net flows into the Long-Only Business, partially offset by outflows in our liquidity funds. In Real Estate Investing, revenues increased 24% versus the fourth quarter. Due to the ownership structure of these funds, the majority of these revenues are passed to third-party investors in the non-controlling interest line. In Merchant Banking, revenues were down compared to the fourth quarter. Expenses were $458 million, up 21% from fourth quarter on higher compensation expense primarily due to DCP. Profit before tax was $187 million, down 15% sequentially. NCI of $51 million was essentially flat in the last quarter, total assets under management increased to $341 billion driven by market appreciation. In terms of our outlook, a number of factors continue to support our expectation for healthy activity levels not withstanding the persistent structural issue that must be addressed globally. In the U.S. positive economic data are encouraging with monetary policies supporting momentum despite the negative impact of the federal spending reductions rippling through the public and private sectors. Strong liquidity inflow supports both equity and credit market activity as evidenced for example by higher PB balances and the greater engagement by retail investors that was first evidenced in January. In the euro zone there is work still to be done, however the market liquidity facilitated by the ECB has inspired some reentry by investors, a modest uptick from the low market volumes in prior periods. The Japanese market is clearly benefiting from a surge in investor and corporate activity on the back of the recent bold Central Bank moves there. Notably Japanese retail investors are still heavily in cash while many international investors are under weight the market, suggesting the potential for continued healthy activity. On the corporate side, global M&A dialogue is active, the CEO seem to require sustained evidence of economic strength to act. The periodic setbacks as evidenced in markets over the last several weeks remainders that global economic recovery and market healing may not come in a straight-line even if major economies are clearly on firmer putting just a year-ago. Against this backdrop we’re confident about the step we’ve taken to enhance Morgan Stanley’s business mix benefiting from leadership position within institutional securities, demonstrable upside in Wealth Management and effective capital optimization. Similarly, the firm’s balance sheet is a source of strength driven by our success in doubling our capital base since 2010 and fundamentally improving both the quantum and durability of liquidity. Thank you for joining us and James and I will now take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question will come from Guy Moszkowski with Autonomous.
Guy Moszkowski: Good morning.
James P. Gorman: Hi, Guy.
Guy Moszkowski: So a handful of questions for you. The first one is I think we can see plenty of evidence of the cost management moving towards, capturing your $1.6 billion expense targets, but what’s the best way for us to track as we go through the year, your specific progress against the $1.6 billion?
Ruth Porat: So, on the $1.6 billion that was based on the calendar year ’12 actual compensation and our compensation expense I think you know through 2014 and predicated on a flat revenue scenario, so we do remain very comfortable with that target. There is some quarterly seasonality, so I think as we go through the year you will continue to see progress against the $1.6 billion.
Guy Moszkowski: Is there some way that maybe starting with next quarter you could actually track against those base lines what you’ve actually captured?
Ruth Porat: We will try and highlight, so you can see the progress that we have in other areas where we’ve laid out the marker and it’s continuing to hit and exceed the goal.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay, great. I think that will be helpful. Moving on to just the whole question of the risk-weighted assets and what we saw happening in the fixed income business more broadly in the quarter, you – what you call that rates and commodities as contributing to the year-over-year decline in fixed income revenues. But what we did see the commodities VaR come down quite a bit if we measure year-over-year the rates bar was actually up pretty materially. Can you help us square that with both the revenue momentum and with the decline that you called out in terms of the FICC RWAs that got you ahead of your year-end targets by the end of the first quarter?
Ruth Porat: Sure. Obviously a couple of questions in that. So, within VaR the interest rate line is obviously both an interest rate and credit line and as you know that it was up year-over-year flat to the last quarter and its effective by couple of things. First and foremost is the measure of risk not necessarily correlated with revenues. It does pick up the activity in credit as you know that I call that out as an area that was quite strong for us both corporate credit and securitized products and mortgage business generally. So it's the function of the shape of the book and volatility of the market generally, but I think what we're looking at when you look at the total line is pretty consistent with prior period, prior year. I think you then had another question regarding risk-weighted assets.
Guy Moszkowski: Yeah, I mean to the extent that risk-weighted assets are going to be driven in some measure by your stress VARs, I was just wondering if you could try and reconcile for us the movement in VAR versus the decline in RWAs? And I guess the follow-up question on the RWAs is, if you already exceeded your year-end target, why stick with that as a target basically for the end of the year a couple billion more?
Ruth Porat: So the reduction – when we look at this reduction over the next period of time to 2016, it's ballpark 60% passive and 40% active. This quarter it was mostly passive. It benefited from the structured credit contract maturities, as James noted, but it also reflected a change in the shape of the book and some other changes such as active mitigation. And our view is that we're very confident that we'll be at that year-end target of 255 billion if not lower, but given part of the reduction was the change in the shape of the book we just built in some degrees of flexibility over the year. And as I said, we're confident we're going to at least meet that year-end target. It may not be a straight-line down quarter-over-quarter just depending on the shape of the book to be higher in the second or third quarter. And again, we remain very committed to the reduction this year and taking it down to that sub-200 level by 2016.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay, thanks for that. And then just to sort of continue I guess along the same lines, you allocated a large part of the parent company capital down to ISG, 11 billion in the quarter, after holding a lot of that really at the parent for a pretty long time. Can you talk about what prompted the decision? And is there anything about that move that kind of traps capital in the business in any way if in fact your RWA declines continue and you might otherwise free up capital?
Ruth Porat: So the way we run the business and the way we look at capital is we really won it with a Basel III lens. And as I think you know, we actually charged capital and liquidity down to the business unit – for the product level, so we can look fully-loaded at risk-adjusted returns. The question then became over the last year or so is what do we do with parent capital given the rule for Basel II and a half and Basel III were still in flight and they hadn't been implemented. And our view was that once the Basel II and a half rules were implemented at the end of last year and so there was complete clarity on it, no guess work and what was being charged to the very segment, it was the appropriate time to take that parent capital number and allocate it up to the businesses. So consistent with moving our Tier 1 common ratio to the Basel II and a half metrics, we allocated the parent capital. And just to make sure it's clear because it can be confusing given the nomenclature. It is still Basel I even though it's using the market risk rules under Basel II and a half, our fourth quarter '12 Basel I number was 14.6, the Basel II and a half for the fourth quarter was 10.6. So if you're looking at where our Basel I ratios were last quarter under an apples-to-apples basis to Basel II and a half 10.6 last quarter going to 11.5 this quarter consistent with reporting ratios that way, parent capital has allocated into the businesses. And then to your very good question of does that mean that there is trapped capital, as we think about the businesses we look at a – again, a Basel III lens with that [SIFY] buffer and then above that, we believe we have degrees of flexibility with respect to capital return and we're continuing to build that Basel III ratio based on that capital accretion from earnings as well as the capital optimization through things like the risk-weighted asset reduction and so that does give us greater degree of flexibility.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay, that's a very helpful description. Thanks. I'll just ask one more which is the Moody's announcement and conference call a couple of weeks back, kind of puts into focus that Morgan Stanley still has a lot of its derivates booked held outside of the bank unit and I was wondering if given what they're talking about doing, that pushes you to try to move more into the bank to the extent that you can?
Ruth Porat: Well, we’ve been focused on moving more into the bank. We continue to write new foreign exchange derivatives in the bank as we’ve talked about on prior calls and move old foreign exchange derivatives into the bank and we do plan to write new interest rates derivatives into the bank this year and timing and speed is really a function of some of the regulatory processes. But I think more broadly on your question about Moody’s we feel good about the steps we’ve taken to position Morgan Stanley for greater quality and consistency of results and accept us up well. We’ve talked a lot about the changes to the business mix and funding on calls like this with clients and counterparties which really all go to the strength of our standalone credit profile and what we’ve done. And I think also when you look at the change in the business mix for example with fixed income, it really moved more towards cash than derivatives, and so that puts us in a good spot. And obviously the industry changed as well in the past year with adjustments post the ratings action. So, it would mute the impact of anything that maybe done on the ratings front, but I think the main thing is our – we think that all that we’re doing continues to build our standalone credit profile.
Guy Moszkowski: Great. Thank you very much.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Glenn Schorr with Nomura.
Glenn Schorr: Hello.
Ruth Porat: Hi, Glenn.
Glenn Schorr: Just one quickie follow-up on the RWA reduction and FICC. It doesn’t sound like it had much of an impact on revenues. I just want to make sure that – I clarify that point.
Ruth Porat: Correct. The majority of it was passive. The active was P&L neutral, and on the structured credit position there wasn’t a P&L impact as we really heads out the revenue and risk.
Glenn Schorr: Okay, great. And then on commodities; it's been a tough revenue backdrop for everybody given the lower trending prices. I just want to make sure that you still feel this is mostly cyclical trending lower oil and things like that and make sure that there aren’t any structural changes needed to the business.
Ruth Porat: Our view is that, it is a cyclical headwind as you said, it continued backwardation and it won't turn on a dime. Cyclical changes can take time to turn, but it is cyclical. It affects opportunities for us. It affects opportunities for clients related to in particular structured solutions which benefited us last year, but we do view it as cyclical.
Glenn Schorr: Got you. And in terms of the physical oil, you tend to hedge that at all times, correct?
Ruth Porat: Yeah, we don’t take out right positions. We hedge our physical inventory.
Glenn Schorr: Super. And last one is, there were some not overly – not that big but modest shifts of revenues and expenses in the reporting from last quarter from Wealth Management to the institutional securities group, I mean had a drop of an effect on – positive effect on the margin. But the real impact on the margin besides the good markets was a core drop in non-comp at Wealth Management. And I just want to see is that a function of the systems integration cost running off and this is good run rate to run with?
Ruth Porat: So, a couple of things. In terms of the international Wealth Management market and you nailed it, it's a small move. If you look at the supplement from the fourth quarter to now, it's about a 10 basis point difference, so a small portion of the – a  small difference. In terms of the overall margin, I think I’d highlight two points. One was the strength of the new issue underwriting activity. In particular closed-end fund activity was very favorable last quarter and that helped on the top line. So, that you can assume we’re going to have the same volume in the next quarter, that was a positive. Expenses clearly we have remained focused on and the integration being done and rolling off was very much as planned and we’re continuing to stay focused on the expense line. But I think if you’re looking forward to the second quarter assume expense is pretty much hold at that level, not withstanding the fact that we remain tight on expense discipline, you’ve got the closed-end fund new issue activity hard to forecast. We do see new issues activity generally a lot of that is outside the U.S. and the real catalyst comes from the U.S. At the same time the S&P is about 10% higher than at the end of the first quarter which benefited our fee based revenues. I think those two revenue items sort of offset one and other. And so at this point we’re holding kind of our margin expectation pretty much in the area where it is although you can see we’ve got a number of leverage that we’re continuing to push.
Glenn Schorr: Awesome. Thanks, Ruth.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Howard Chen with Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen: Hi, good morning, James. Good morning, Ruth.
Ruth Porat: Good morning.
James P. Gorman: Morning.
Howard Chen: On the remainder of the MS/SB volume, what specific approval are you waiting for from the Fed regarding that?
Ruth Porat: We've gone through obviously the CCAR which is a capital approval and gotten the non-objection there and then the approval Dodd-Frank process approval. We did the same thing last year when we did the 14% buy-in. That approval – so it's process approval versus capital approval, that approval last year came in May which wasn't really as relevant for timing because we didn't have the call until June and then we went through the arbitration process which took it out basically to the end of the summer. And I'm not suggesting they can read anything into that May date but it's the only proxy we have for what that timeline was at least last year.
Howard Chen: Great, thanks for reviewing that, Ruth. And then James, speaking of the CCAR, the test results came in a bit – your own test results came in a bit below down to the Fed and I just wanted to get your thoughts on what you believe drove that difference? What's in your control to maybe bridge that gap going forward? And how does it impact timing and quantum of the next stage of capital return post the buy-in?
Ruth Porat: Why don't I start on some of the technical? I think you're pointing in particular to our PPNR versus the Fed, which you could see in the disclosure. Our understanding is that the Fed had its own model which relies on historic data and given we've invested meaningfully to increase the quality and consistently of earnings, there have been charges that have obviously been going through the P&L such as MBIA which are negatives and short financials, but on a go-forward basis eliminated drag, improved the quality and consistently of results. And so it's understandable there's a difference between the two if one forecast is based on historic results on the impact and the other is looking at a fundamentally different business mix. We don't know the extent to which those historic results in the Fed model were adjusted and so it's hard to know precisely how the models are different. But that in our view is one of the key things that we're focused on working on over the next period of time before the next submission to (inaudible). That being said if you just look at our fourth quarter earnings and our first quarter earnings, the first two quarters of the CCAR submission that would add an additional 60 basis points to our ratios. So we will be focused on dealing with the PPNR differences and methodology. We are continuing to accrete capital and we think that that does continue to give us degrees of flexibility.
James P. Gorman: And I think Howard, the difference between what we submitted and believed the models should throw out and what ultimately came out of the black box that is the CCAR process was actually narrower – the difference was narrower than what it was last year. We've obviously got better at it and I think it was relative to some of the other firms out there was frankly not a very surprising result. So we'll play this forward. Our focus now is getting the Smith Barney which we got the capital approved.
Howard Chen: Understood, thanks. And then quick numbers on Ruth. I realized – you said that RWA reduction this quarter was P&L neutral, but what's driving the other sales and trading results. It seems to be less of a headwind than it was in the past.
Ruth Porat: Well, it's a number of items that does move around and it's difficult to model. It includes things like our long-term debt hedging program and our bank liquidity portfolio, our loan book, DCP. So it's kind of an aggregation of a number of different items.
Howard Chen: Okay, thanks. And then just finally from me, it remains a pretty fragile environment for you and peers within the Institutional Securities business. I was just hoping you could comment on overall attrition levels, both absolutely and relative to your expectations? Thanks.
Ruth Porat: I think that beginning of the year and having some departures is not in any way unusual. We actually feel very good about the strength of the team. We've got a very talented senior team, been together for many years. We've hired and think it's a great time at Morgan Stanley to be adding senior talent. People are excited to join given the clarity of where we're going and the momentum moving in that direction. So it's kind of seasonal and we don't read anything into it.
James P. Gorman: And more specifically, the attrition is actually trekking along exactly what it was last year. And I believe and Celeste will correct me later, a little low than what it was the year before.
Howard Chen: Perfect. Thanks so much for taking questions.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Michael Mayo: Hi. I guess my questions can be grouped into the good, bad and the ugly; so I'll start with the ugly. Financial advisory, if you look at it linked quarter or year-over-year among the five largest U.S. players, it looks to perform the worst based on fees and you had some management changes there. Can you reassure that franchise is still as strong as it’s been historically?
Ruth Porat: Yes, it is. The M&A lead tables are exactly the same as they were last year, it tends to be lumpy in the first quarter and particular given market environment with low activity of levels and we’re consistent leader of a very strong M&A franchise as I noted in my comments, part of it is just that lower volume and it tends to be lumpy and part of it we had a very strong fourth quarter and there were some fee realization that moved in – within the fourth quarter, so that partially explains it as well, but we feel very good about this and I think if you’re just objectively look at the lead table, this year and last year it [dwells] throughout the year.
Michael Mayo: And then in my bad category the actions of buybacks, I know you’re not able to do that, but trading at such a big discounted tangible book if you have confidence in the value of your balance sheet, which I assume you do, why wouldn’t you take more aggressive actions to downsize and why not be more aggressive with your big targets? Why not take some other action to strength to move up that Basel III ratio even faster?
James P. Gorman: Well, I think Mike there are couple of questions meshed together there. I think the actions on reducing our risk-weighted assets and fixed income from I believe it was $390 billion in the third quarter of ’11 to $253 billion this year, we’re a year ahead of schedule last year and we’re at the end of the years point already in the first quarter of this year, it would be easy to reduce it faster, but you would also destroy revenues and destroy good businesses. So, our job is to balance a sensible risk-weighted asset reduction without destroying revenues and parts of that business that we find very attractive. So, we actually think we’ve been very aggressive bringing it down from $390 billion to a committed sub $200 billion by 2016. If we see more sensible opportunities which don’t destroy value, obviously we’d be all over it. The capital buyback is completely different topic. The – as we said at the beginning of the year, we adopted a very clear posture with our regulators, which was that our focus was on the strategic benefits of buying Smith Barney for two reasons. One, it was an attractive business and being already carrying the effective cost of the capital for that business, so we wanted the earnings from it. And its $600 million pre-tax a quarter, 35% is real money. So that was our focus. We didn’t want anything to get into the road to that focus. We did not want to jeopardize that focus by prejudging where we come out on CCAR or prejudging how the beginning of the year would start. The beginning of the year has started at $1.2 billion, significantly above where we were in the fourth quarter as CCAR came out at 5.7, I think 5.6 net of the capital allocation in this. So we’re now waiting for the federal reserves to go through the application process. When they do that we know our number and as we go through the year, obviously the next question we’ve for ourselves is when and under what conditions we have to see buybacks, but we’re not going to react very short-term on this. We’re trying to do get this firm back on the rails which we’ve done over the last couple of years in a very deliberate path and we believe we’re now well on that path.
Michael Mayo: And then the good category would be the brokerage margin which came in higher than what you guys had expected last quarter. What is your brokerage margin target? Is it still 15%, it seems pretty low and you had one peer yesterday reported margin over 20%. So what are you really trying to achieve margin wise in that business?
James P. Gorman: Well, I have to take that one again Mike, because I was the one who foolishly couple of years ago went out with a 20% margin when we had then three years of zero interest rates following out. So I admitted to my mistake on that and we set a more conservative margin target for the middle of this year, which was 15%. The fact, we’re ahead of it is good news. Now we’re certainly not going to turnaround and reset margins based upon short-term impact. So our job is less around what’s setting the margins is actually delivering them and what I’m pleased about is the fact that we’re delivering those margins. The competitor numbers I’m not going to talk about except to observe that they actually have a different business mix that comprises that ultimate margin number.
Michael Mayo: Was there anything unusual with the 17% margin this quarter or can we consider that a base looking ahead?
Ruth Porat: No, there was nothing unusual. As I said the strength versus what is usually a seasonally lower margin, it's typically seasonally low because compensation expense tends to be a bit higher in the first quarter. But what we had offsetting that, as I noted, was the stronger transactional volume, the new issue activity with closed-end funds. That really helped coupled with the ongoing expense discipline. And so if we look forward, you're starting with the good base in the first quarter was at 17%.
Michael Mayo: Thank you.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew H. Burnell: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just a couple of questions. First of all, on the deposits, you saw about 4% decline in deposits in Wealth Management, I think overall 3% down. Was that largely seasonal or was there something else going on there?
Ruth Porat: Deposits came up in December. We saw some selling out of the markets. We think it was primarily tax driven by investors as distinct from real concern about the market. But our expectation was that it would come back into the market in the beginning of the first quarter and it did. So it's really just the positioning by investors at the end of last year, then coming back into the market and staying in the market as they have. So no, there's not anything more to it than that.
Matthew H. Burnell: Okay. And then just thinking about your debt underwriting business, given that there's obviously been pretty strong demand for that product over the last couple of years, you've admitted that you're a little bit subscale on high yields relative to some of your competitors. Does that have any effect on your desire for a couple 100 basis points of market share gains within fixed income if that business continues to be relatively robust over the next couple of years?
Ruth Porat: No. We set a target of 2% market share increase, kind of 8% total market share for fixed income sales and trading. We feel very confident with that given the products that our fixed income underwriting, which is actually reported – those sales are reported in the investment banking line and we did have a record – we had a record quarter last quarter. The first quarter was actually the best ever first quarter that we've had. What that ends up driving is the secondary sales and trading as you know well, but we feel very good about – we remain very much focused on our share gains, equally focused on how we optimize returns. So it's really both of those, but no change.
Matthew H. Burnell: Okay. And then let me just confirm finally; the 60% compensation ratio in Wealth Management, you mentioned last quarter that that we should about that ratio being pretty unchanged for the next couple of quarters. What would allow you to get that ratio down presuming a steady revenue environment? And is that something that we should be looking for towards the end of the year?
Ruth Porat: The 60% compensation ratio in the first quarter is precisely the reason we had indicated that the margin tends to be seasonally weaker in the first quarter, these tend to have fairly higher comp in the first quarter or things like FICA and other factors. So it does tend to be a bit higher. Coming down a point or so near term is very – it's a reasonable way to think about it, but the great – the best driver of the comp ratio over time is really the growth of our lending product. As we talked about, we're going to have deposits up to about 140 billion in the two years, post buying in the rest of the Wealth Management business. That's going to support growth of both Wealth Management lending product and Institutional product. And on the Wealth Management side, it's on a different compensation grid relative to the [formulate] grid that generally drives that comp ratio and that is what really gives us meaningful operating leverage in the comp line and that brings it down to the high 50s.
Matthew H. Burnell: Okay. Thank you very much.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Jim Mitchell with Buckingham Research.
James Mitchell: Hi. Good morning.
James P. Gorman: Good morning.
James Mitchell: Just want to follow-up on – you're sitting on about 23% of your balance sheet in excess liquidity. Can you discuss where you are sitting in terms of the LCR, do you feel like you're pretty comfortable for that or do you need to build more?
Ruth Porat: On the LCR, we're over 125% and that really has given all that we've done terming out the secured book. It's obviously just a 30-day test and we do triangulate, as we've talked about on some prior calls, with an outlook over 12-month period of time in a stress environment. One of the reasons liquidity is running at these higher levels as I noted, is that we want to ensure that we have ample liquidity assuming we do acquire the 35% of Wealth Management. So there’s a bit of flexibility thereafter.
James Mitchell: Okay, maybe just to follow-up on -- as you buy in the rest, should we -- what is the timing around the deposits and how quickly do you think you can reinvest, and then I guess longer term do you think that can help you bring down the excess liquidity and obviously help to improve profitability?
Ruth Porat: So, the deposits, the way it works is, they come in over the two-year period of time. We get about 14 billion of deposits within a few weeks of closing, and then 40 billion ratably over the following 24 months. And that will -- that supports as I just said both retail lending as well as institutional lending. And I think the best way to think about it is, one it gives us growth opportunities because there’s a suite of products within institutional securities that haven’t grown as much as they could because they would be funded with unsecured debt versus substantially more efficient deposits, but they’re still bank appropriate areas and areas where we have, we’ll expertise. So, whether you’re talking about project finance or commercial real-estate those are good examples of areas where we get our incremental growth opportunities based on our competencies today and our clients today, but it would be funded with more efficient deposits in the bank. And then there are also areas where we will be able to move businesses from institutional securities into the bank and that enabled us to do it dollar-for-dollar substitution, reducing unsecured debt and replacing that with deposit funding which is more efficient. And so yes there is some efficiency that comes in, in that way. And then overall if the question is also and what does that do for liquidity. As those deposits which are currently really supporting the AFS portfolio go into support the lending product the bank liquidity comes down as those are moving into support loan growth.
James Mitchell: So we should see that excess liquidity start to come down, as those deposits come in?
Ruth Porat: Yeah, it's all – if you take a look over time the answer to that is yes, but as those deposits come in for example that first 14 billion of deposits …
James Mitchell: Oh, sure. Right, in the short-term it could go up.
Ruth Porat: It goes up; then it goes into the AFS portfolio; it's positive carry on the AFS portfolio as it comes down again because it's supporting loan growth. Yes, it does come down again but at a higher return.
James Mitchell: Right. Okay, thanks a lot.
Ruth Porat: Thanks.
Operator: The final question will come from Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Knocking under the wire. Good morning, guys.
Ruth Porat: Brennan, good morning.
James P. Gorman: Good morning.
Brennan Hawken: So, just a quick follow-up on FICC, it was obviously pretty volatile in some of these markets here this quarter. Is there any, which we think about maybe the fact that revenue might have been a little bit lower than usual just because there might have been some principal loss given some of that volatility and this is actually really a pretty lousy run rate?
Ruth Porat: You know the run rate we do think given the markets where more challenging especially in March just affected activity and as I noted rates was lower and then commodities is dealing with a cyclical headwinds we’ve talked about. So, I think it is very fair to say we don’t deal a $1.5 billion of revenues. Our revenues this quarter is a ceiling on what’s attainable, even with quarterly seasonality. And you know I point you to the strength that we have in a lot of areas like credit and the mortgage product and foreign exchange and we’d expect that rate – rates are higher, so we do think that given the strength of the client activity levels that there is upside from here. I think an interesting way to even just look at client activity and volumes across the platform is just looking at the brokerage and clearing line which is up, which really goes to client activity. So long way of saying it, if we don’t think that $1.5 billion in revenues is a ceiling and look forward to the continued activity.
Brennan Hawken: But where there any principal losses to specifically highlight or was it mostly volume driven within the FICC line?
Ruth Porat: It was not principal losses, no.
Brennan Hawken: Okay, great. Thanks. And on capital, once I understand that its uncertain about when you get the green light on MSSB, but if we assume that happens prior to mid-year, is it too aggressive for us to think about given where you guys are on the capital ratio front. In fact at MSSB is already fully baked into Basel III that you could be looking to take a second bite of the apple here with the regulators in a potential buyback with a – with the new submission?
Ruth Porat: Well as James said, our number one focus is closing the Wealth Management acquisitions, given the strategic benefit in the upside, promoting 100%. So, we're just focused on closing that acquisition, which was our capital progress. We are accreting capital. Your question is fair, but we want to get it closed before we think about anything else.
Brennan Hawken: I figured I'd give that a shot. And then the last one. The lending platform, is there anything operationally that you guys are waiting on to get going because it seems as though you have excess deposits currently. So it's not really a matter of funding and not having the right funding. So, is there like a system investment process you need to go through in order to get everything up and running? Or is there any operational issues holding you back? Do you want to have all of MS/SB completely bought in before you really start more aggressively pushing the lending platform? I guess I don't understand what's – why it's been so slow to ramp so far?
Ruth Porat: In 2009, it became clear that over time we would be buying in the remainder of the Wealth Management business, and at that point started investing in the systems, the risk management personnel, analytics to ensure that at the point we ended up with the full 140 billion in place, we had the systems and infrastructure requirements there. The gating factor is and we've used this word so often in describing how we're building up the banking team and the banking effort within Wealth Management its prudent consistent growth. There is no reason to rush it. We want to make sure that we do it in a high quality way and that we're leading with risk management. So, it is better to do it prudently over time than to try and rush it. That is really the governor of the growth in that business. We feel good about the strength and the build. As James said, it's both on the mortgage side and on the PLA side and that's what we're continuing to do.
Brennan Hawken: Okay.
Ruth Porat: I will note one other thing, we've said this I think last quarter that relative to our peers we are under penetrated in the lending product, and so what we're seeing is good take up and we're just keeping it at a measured pace.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. At some point after that book assuming that you guys want to grow that book to a certain size. Does that mean that there will be a transition to accrual accounting and we'll start to see sort of that level of detail for you all?
Ruth Porat: Well, so we talked about the fact a couple of quarters – I think over a year ago now that we moved from fair value to HFI for our lending products, that's most relevant for what we're doing on the institutional side. And at this point, about 69% of the book is on HFI. So that has been the approach that was very clear coming out of the CCAR process over a year ago that that was a logical way to approach it and that's what we've been doing systematically.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. Thanks.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Celeste Mellet Brown: Great. Thank you so much for joining us and we look forward to speaking to you in a quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-18 10:00:00) =====
Celeste Mellet Brown: Good morning. This is Celeste Brown, Head of Investor Relations. Welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements, which reflect management's current estimates or beliefs and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. This presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our SEC filings at morganstanley.com for a reconciliation of such non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP figures and for a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of Morgan Stanley. This presentation, which is copyrighted by Morgan Stanley and may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent, is not an offer to buy or sell any security or instrument. I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman, who will speak to the slides available on our website and filed with our current report on Form 8-K this morning.
James P. Gorman: Good morning, and thank you, Celeste. As we close the door on 2012 and open one on 2013, I want to share my thoughts with you on the state of Morgan Stanley and where we're headed. To do so, we're going to have a different kind of earnings call. I'll give you a strategic update, and we'll have a dozen or so slides, which we've prepared for you to follow along with, and they're on the website, as Celeste said. Then Ruth is going to take you through the normal quarterly review, and we'll both take questions at the end. Why are we doing it this way today? It's because we believe Morgan Stanley is at a turning point. Importantly, we see a clear path to meeting and then exceeding our cost of equity, and we want to lay it out for you. While we live in a world of continued regulatory uncertainty as we wait final rules on derivatives reform, Volcker and resolution authority, which will bring significant changes to the markets, we are controlling what we can control. We have strong and leading capital ratios, we have a clear path for wealth management and we're being aggressive with our cost base. We have reduced fixed income risk-weighted assets even faster than we had initially planned and have a clear path to what we consider to be the end state in that business. We've been carefully trying to balance being aggressive where we can, and you can see this in our expense cuts and RWA reductions, but not making decisions that might seem wise in the very short term but may in fact be harmful to medium- and long-term shareholder value. I will outline the 5 strategic initiatives that led us to meeting and -- that will lead us to meeting and achieving our cost of capital. And again, you can follow along with the available slides. Let me go into greater detail on what we're doing to drive higher returns. First, wealth management. Subject to CCAR approval, we intend to own 100% of wealth management this year. There are numerous benefits associated with owning 100%, including year 1 incremental earnings comparable to the capital required to buy the remaining 35%, driven by the elimination of NCI, contractual revenue upside and some expense savings from the elimination of the JV structure. We will also increase our stable deposit funding and have significant other opportunities. We have previously laid out a mid-teen margin goal for the middle of this year. We reached and exceeded that goal in the fourth quarter of 2012. We believe that in the future we can drive margins to the high teens and above with modest revenue growth, although please keep in mind the first quarter margin is seasonally lower. With 3 quarters -- 3 years of integration behind us, we are extraordinarily excited about the potential for this business. The second major driver of high returns is fixed income. Since the financial crisis, we've reduced risk-weighted assets and capital in the Fixed Income business. At their peak, these risk-weighted assets were close to $500 billion. And in the third quarter 2011, before the MBIA transaction, they were approximately $390 billion. This past summer, we laid out a series of RWA targets, including $280 billion at the end of 2013 and $255 billion at the end of 2014. As of the end of 2012, we have, in fact, reached our 2013 targets as we exited the year at $280 billion. Today, we're establishing lower targets for 2013 and 2014 and providing you with our 2016 target, which we believe will reflect end-state capital and risk-weighted asset levels in this business. The end state will be less than $200 billion of RWAs, down from $390 billion in the third quarter of 2011, and as a result, $18 billion or less of capital, down from $35 billion. Our targets reflect some reinvestment in areas that are important to our clients. The RWA reductions largely represent runoff. We do not expect the reductions to impair revenues as we run them down. We are committed to having a full service Institutional Securities business, one that is increasingly integrated with our Wealth Management business. We need all 3 of our institutional businesses to be appropriately sized to service our clients. As we have told you, we have been exiting products in areas which are not strategically rational from a client or franchise perspective. We continue to adapt our offerings and expect the business to continue to evolve as we have more regulatory certainty. We're confident with the steps we've taken to position Institutional Securities for the future. The third major driver of higher returns is, of course, expenses. One of the things that is little understood about Morgan Stanley is how much money we've been spending on our infrastructure since becoming a financial holding company. We've made great progress in regards to that spending and expect our compensation and non-compensation expenses to decline beyond what we accomplished in 2012, assuming a flat revenue environment. The reductions will be augmented by the expense savings we have discussed with you in the past, as well as new initiatives we have recently undertaken and which I will now discuss today. On Slide 8, you can follow it where we laid out our best estimates for the net impact of our cost reduction plans over the next 2 years, assuming a flat revenue environment and flat markets. We expect that some of our actions should result in a $1.6 billion decline from 2012 reported expenses to 2014 full year expenses. This reduction is on top of the $500 million already recognized in 2012, reflecting some reinvestment in growth areas that more than offset by our efforts to take out costs. An important driver of the cost reductions is the 6,000 heads we've taken out of the business in the last 12 months, thereby reducing significant fixed salary and benefit costs. Our expense reductions reflect multiple work streams. Prior to today, we've told you about our reengineering efforts, GWM cost actions and headcount reduction efforts. Some of those cost cuts, as I said, are already reflected in our numbers and more will be recognized over time. However recently initiated, but as part of our ongoing geographic footprint review, we are reducing and resizing some of our international focus -- some of our international offices so that we can focus mainly on our institutional client coverage and advisory services. These moves enhance the importance of regional centers such as New York, London and Hong Kong. Specifically, in Russia and the Middle East, we're downsizing our local presence in sales and trading, redeploying certain of those resources back to our regional centers. It allows us to cover our key clients in a more efficient manner while reducing middle office expenses. In other parts of our network, in Europe and Asia, we've made decisions to streamline our footprint, defer expansion plans and exit certain parts of our business. These changes are part of an ongoing evolution as a global institution to depend more on regional centers. These changes drive efficiencies because functions can be executed more economically from the regional centers due to our centralized trading platforms, execution teams, infrastructure and support. For the purpose of this presentation, we're not counting on a recovery in revenues. If that happens, obviously, our variable expenses, for example, brokerage and clearing, would grow. However, our overall expense ratios should improve if revenues increase. We will continue to look for additional areas to reduce expenses and push beyond 2014. The fourth driver of higher returns is growth, growth that is not market-dependent, that is unique to Morgan Stanley and in which we do have a high degree of confidence. You're already aware of our focus on our market share in the institutional business, the interest rate and equity market sensitivity in Wealth Management, as well as the contractual upside associated with owning 100% of the Wealth Management joint venture. However, today, we want to speak about 2 additional significant growth opportunities that will drive growth in both institutional and Wealth Management. First, we believe there's revenue upside and expense savings for both ISG and Wealth Management as we more closely align those businesses. They launched a joint effort in September 2012 to increase collaboration between the businesses. There are currently over 35 initiatives in various stages of execution, and we expect initial impact from this effort in 2013, with upside over the next 10 years -- next 3 years. We lay out those categories on Slide 10, but let me give you a couple of examples. We're consolidating some of our research efforts across the firm. We've moved some sales and trading management and product execution into Wealth Management. The opportunities in fixed income in particular are very compelling. Among several of those, we recently announced a middle markets fixed income platform. We moved several thousand fixed income clients and a number of salespeople to Wealth Management to increase the intensity of the coverage of those clients and to free up capacity on the institutional side. We're already seeing some positive results. To improve operating efficiency, we believe opportunities exist to eliminate overlapping back-office trading support functions and enhance risk management. Finally, in the organizational coordination category, we believe there's tremendous opportunity to integrate the senior relationship management effort into Wealth Management. Significant business partners for Wealth Management are very often top clients of the institutional business. Second area of growth comes from execution of our bank strategy as we're now on a path of having approximately $140 billion in deposits. We've previously discussed opportunities in Wealth Management where we believe our lending product penetration is 500 basis points below our peers. However, there's also upside for Institutional Securities beyond lower funding costs for lending, derivatives and other products. We believe there are substantial opportunities to expand in commercial lending, though consistent of course with our existing skill set and risk management capabilities. Most importantly, let me now turn to returns. Our focus is to drive higher returns for shareholders through sustainably improving our ROE to levels equal to or in excess of our cost of equity even without a cyclical recovery. Assuming no change in market conditions, normalizing for the CVA drag we saw this year, the Wealth Management buy-in and contractual upside, our expense initiatives and some progress towards our firm-specific growth initiatives, we believe we can reach ROEs of approximately 9% and ROTEs of 11%.  Returning excess capital would get us to 10% levels on ROE and 12% on an ROTE basis. And obviously, an improved operating environment would drive upside beyond those numbers, respectively. Regarding capital, we have unambiguously moved from a position of shoring up capital through preferred conversions and accreting capital through RWA reductions and earnings to a phase where we believe we're well capitalized. Over the next few years, we will build substantial incremental excess capital in addition to quarterly earnings accretion, driven by additional RWA reductions and reductions in capital in Merchant Banking and Real Estate, consistent with the Volcker Rule. There is no question that we will return some of this capital. The question is when. Our very near-term focus is acquiring the balance of the Wealth Management joint venture. We'll reinvest some of the capital freed up from some of these opportunities that I've previously described, though the overwhelming amount will be returned to shareholders as soon as it's practical. As always, all capital actions are subject to regulatory approval. In closing, I want to emphasize that we're working aggressively to drive higher returns. We continue to augment our recent efforts with additional RWA reductions, increased expense savings, additional areas in which we are outright reducing optionality and new efforts to drive revenues higher that are unique to Morgan Stanley. I've also shared with you our thoughts on capital returns. We've been making tough decisions as and when we have clarity in regards to capital, businesses and people, and we'll continue to do so as regulatory uncertainty lifts. I am confident that we're on a path to increasing shareholder value that will be evident regardless of the macro environment. Investment banks play an important role in facilitating capital to meet client needs. We believe these needs will grow substantially over the next decade, and we will continue to be a leader. The leadership of this firm has never been more integrated in my time with Morgan Stanley, and I'm very excited about our future. Thank you. Let me pass it on to Ruth to talk about the fourth quarter.
Ruth Porat: Good morning. I will provide both GAAP results and results excluding the effect of DVA. We have provided reconciliations in the footnotes to the earnings release to reconcile these non-GAAP measures. DVA in the quarter was a loss of $511 million, with $330 million in fixed income sales and trading and $181 million in equity sales and trading. Excluding the impact of DVA, firm-wide revenues were $7.5 billion, essentially flat to the third quarter. Non-interest expense was $6.1 billion, down 10% versus the third quarter. Compensation expense was $3.6 billion this quarter, down 8% versus Q3. Non-compensation expense was $2.5 billion, down 13% from last quarter. The effective tax rate from continuing operations for the fourth quarter was 11.1%. In our tax line this quarter, we reversed certain tax reserves as a result of new information from IRS exams that resulted in a benefit of $299 million. In addition, we recorded an out-of-period net tax provision of $144 million to adjust previously recorded deferred tax assets principally associated with partnership investments in the Asset Management segment. We are also reviewing the firm's deferred tax accounts. Earnings from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders were approximately $867 million. Earnings from continuing operations per diluted share were $0.45 after preferred dividends. On a reported or GAAP basis, firm-wide revenues for the quarter were $7 billion. Earnings from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders were $547 million. Reported earnings from continuing operations per diluted share were $0.28 after preferred dividends. Book value at the end of the quarter was $30.65 per share. Tangible book value was $26.81 per share. Included in the discontinued operations is $115 million associated with the Saxon settlement. Turning to the balance sheet, our total assets were $782 billion at December 31, up from $765 billion last quarter. Deposits were $83 billion versus $71 billion at the end of the third quarter, driven primarily by retail investors moving to cash towards the end of the quarter and also by the deposits associated with the 14% acquisition of the Wealth Management joint venture. Our liquidity reserve was $182 billion at the end of the quarter, up $12 billion versus last quarter. And as of January 16, our liquidity was $189 billion. Although calculations are not final, we believe that our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel I will be approximately 14.7%, and our Tier 1 capital ratio will be approximately 17.9%. Risk-weighted assets under Basel I are expected to be approximately $306 billion at December 31. Subject to final rule making and reflecting our best assessment of the rules, our pro forma Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III was 9.5% as of the end of the fourth quarter. Let me now discuss our businesses in detail. In Institutional Securities, revenues, excluding DVA, were $3.5 billion, down 5% sequentially. Non-interest expense was $2.9 billion, down 12% versus the third quarter. Compensation was $1.5 billion for the fourth quarter, reflecting a 43% ratio, excluding DVA. Non-compensation expense of $1.4 billion decreased 15% from last quarter. The business reported a pretax profit of $568 million, excluding the impact of DVA. Including the impact of DVA, the business reported a pretax profit of $57 million. In investment banking, revenues of $1.2 billion were up 26% versus last quarter. According to Thomson Reuters, Morgan Stanley ranked #1 in global IPOs, #2 in global announced M&A, #2 in global equity and #4 in U.S. dollar investment-grade debt at the end of the fourth quarter. Notable transactions included: in equity underwriting, the $733 million IPO of Workday, which was the largest tech IPO since May; in advisory, we acted as lead strategic advisor to ICE on the $8.2 billion definitive agreement to acquire NYSE Euronext; and in debt underwriting, the AbbVie spin financing, including a $14.7 billion in bonds and $7.5 billion event loan and a $4.9 billion tender, the largest U.S. dollar investment-grade offering ever. Advisory revenues of $454 million were up 34% versus the third quarter, driven by increased revenues in the Americas. Equity underwriting revenues were $237 million, a 19% increase from the third quarter, reflecting increased revenues in EMEA and the Americas. Fixed income underwriting revenues of $534 million were up 24% versus last quarter and were our highest reported revenues, reflecting increases in investment-grade bond issuance and loan syndication fees. Equity sales and trading revenues, excluding DVA, were $1.27 billion, an increase of 4% from last quarter. Derivatives had the strongest fourth quarter since 2008, reflecting increased market activity and strength across regions. Prime brokerage revenues were consistent with the third quarter as average client balances increased moderately. Revenues and cash equities were up slightly, driven by higher market volumes in the Americas and Asia. Fixed Income and Commodities sales and trading revenues, excluding DVA, were $811 million. Revenues decreased versus our third quarter results as commodities experienced meaningfully lower revenues and a difficult market. CVA, net of hedges, continued to be a drag this quarter due in part to the tightening of our credit spreads. Less favorable market conditions drove lower rates revenues. However, client volumes held up relatively well across businesses in the quarter, and results also reflect growth in the credit corporate business. Other sales and trading reflects negative revenues of $35 million compared with negative revenues of $162 million last quarter. Turning to VAR. In our supplement, we provided VAR measures under both our current and previous VAR model for this quarter, the prior quarter and the prior year. Average trading VAR for the fourth quarter was $78 million versus $63 million in the third quarter. Turning to Global Wealth Management. Revenues of $3.5 billion were up 4% compared to the prior quarter. Asset Management revenues were up, reflecting higher managed money balances. Transaction revenues increased 4% from last quarter, consisting primarily of commissions of $579 million, which increased 11%, reflecting higher activity levels by retail investors as they partially reallocated from securities into cash; investment banking-related fees of $209 million, which increased 5% versus last quarter, driven by closed-end fund activity; and trading revenues of $288 million, which were down 8% versus the third quarter, reflecting markdowns in our deferred compensation plans. Non-interest expense was $2.9 billion, down 7% from last quarter. The compensation ratio was 57% versus 61% in the third quarter, reflecting year-end true ups. Non-compensation expense was $901 million, down 14% versus last quarter, reflecting the absence of non-recurring items reported in 3Q. The PBT margin was 17%, a record since the inception of the joint venture. We reported profit before tax of $581 million in the fourth quarter. Total client assets were flat at $1.8 trillion, primarily reflecting the minimal impact of market conditions on asset levels and positive flows. Global fee-based asset inflows were $4 billion. Fee-based assets under management increased to $573 billion at quarter end. Global representatives were 16,780, consistent with the third quarter. Bank deposits were $131 billion, with approximately $72 billion held in Morgan Stanley banks. Asset Management revenues of $599 million were down from $631 million in the third quarter due primarily to lower merchant banking principal investment gains. In Traditional Asset Management, revenues of $376 million were flat to the third quarter. In Real Estate Investing, revenues of $127 million were up versus last quarter. Due to the ownership structure of these funds, the majority of these revenues are passed to third-party investors in the Non-controlling Interest line. In Merchant Banking, revenues were $96 million compared with $134 million in the third quarter, driven primarily by lower principal investment gains. Compensation expense was $168 million in the quarter, down from $241 million in the third quarter. Profit before tax was $221 million, up from $198 million last quarter. NCI was $49 million versus $50 million last quarter. Total assets under management increased to $338 billion, driven by net inflows of $1 billion and market appreciation. Let me end with a brief summary of our outlook. In Investment Banking, the advisory pipeline is healthy. Equity underwriting is increasing after a very muted 2012. Although fixed income underwriting reached a record level for us in the fourth quarter, it is important to note that the strength of underwriting was achieved with only modest acquisition finance, which suggests that activity can remain strong, especially if advisory picks up. Sales and trading activity should benefit from ongoing global healing, most notably in Europe and Asia. And with respect to Wealth Management, we are pleased with the ongoing momentum in the business, with profitability reflecting the benefit of being on one platform, although keep in mind that the first quarter has seasonally higher compensation expense and 2 fewer trading days. Thank you for listening, and James and I will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Howard Chen with Crédit Suisse.
Howard Chen: With respect to expenses, the cost reduction targets in a flattish revenue environment is a really strong statement and a helpful benchmark for us. I'm curious, James, how do you broadly think about the incremental margins or returns in a potentially better revenue environment? For example, if revenues were up 10% with a similar business mix, how much do you think would drop to the bottom line?
James P. Gorman: Boy, that's not one I'm going to wing. Look, maybe put pencil to paper. We've been operating so much under the basis that there won't be increased revenues. Obviously, the world is going to evolve, so at some point, that's not true. But our approach is being what can we control? How do we drive up margins in a flat revenue environment? And obviously, through the expense line is how we're doing that. By definition, if we hold the line on our fixed costs, which I think we've been very disciplined about on a go-forward basis, one would assume the incremental dollar revenue would throw off a higher incremental margin than the previous dollar revenue. But I got to go on -- we'd have to go and look at it business by business.
Howard Chen: And we saw some really nice expense control within Global Wealth Management. Specific to compensation, you've noted in the past the limited flexibility you might have due to the grid-like comp structure. So I'm curious, what's driving that comp accrual lower in 2012? And how sustainable should we think of that?
Ruth Porat: The main driver of the reduction in the comp ratio is the fact that we are done with integration. As we've talked about on so many calls over the years, the integration expense was running ballpark $80 million to $100 million a quarter until we completed the integration at the end of the second quarter then dropped down in the third and fourth quarter, taper down. That's one major benefit. The second is that as a result of being on one platform, we're able to consolidate a number of back offices and management layers, the items that we outlined really on the third quarter call. And so that's sustainable as well. I think the fourth quarter compensation benefited a bit by what is typical year-end true up, true down. Sometimes it benefits the comp ratio, other times, it doesn't. I think it's fair to say near term, the ratio is likely to be in the 60% range. But very much to your point, there really -- there are a couple of drivers that will reduce that comp ratio more. One is as we're continuing to build out the lending product, the lending product is a non-compensable revenue. It does provide a lift to the margin and drives -- that alone drives the margin into the 50s. And then, again, a better operating environment. In particular, any kind of rate increase has a meaningful benefit to the margin in the business, and that helps as well. So we're good at where we are here, holds you kind of in the first quarter near term to that 15% margin for the reasons I described, with upside.
Howard Chen: And then just finally for me, can you discuss your wholesale funding plans over the next 2 years? I think you have maybe $45 billion-ish maturing through 2014. How much would you like rolled off, and how do you think that funding schedule potentially change as you buy in the rest of the JV this year?
Ruth Porat: Sure. There are a couple of variables to that. We're obviously sitting here, as I noted, with liquidity at higher levels, about $189 billion. So there's some flex in there. We have reduced outstanding indebtedness, outstanding debt this year, unsecured debt by about $19 billion, very much to your point about the changing composition of the balance sheet. And then as we buy in the balance of the wealth management business, the deposits, as I think you know, come on, we'll get about $15 billion when we complete the 35%, but the balance of it comes on ratably over a 2-year period of time. The total size of those deposits is ballpark $140 billion, part of which will be used to support growth in the institutional business. So the 3 components of it will be wealth management lending, institutional lending and other bank-appropriate businesses moving into the bank. As we do that, we get dollar-for-dollar substitution, reducing unsecured debt requirements and replacing them with deposit funding. So all of those provides a bit of flexibility with respect to the magnitude of unsecured debt or wholesale funding that will be required on a go-forward basis.
Operator: The next question will come from Glenn Schorr with Nomura.
Glenn Schorr: So I appreciate the further detail on the RWA wind-down. I guess a 2-part question is I'm assuming that it's all passive, but if you look at it, what it does imply, and you guys are by no means alone here, there's $80 billion of RWA that are clogging up the system that have no real revenue impact. So the 2-parter is, one, can anything in the market conditions change that to make there be a positive or a negative revenue impact? Or are we kind of locked and loaded and just waiting for wind-down? And part 2 is what does that RWA wind-down plan imply at all? Does it have revenue implications for fixed income as that plays out?
Ruth Porat: So Glenn, when we put out the initial forecast for risk-weighted assets and RWA reduction, we were looking at -- there are obviously 3 levels -- levers. There's passive mitigation, active mitigation and model approval. And the guidance last summer was primarily based on passive mitigation, just scheduled roll-offs to maturity sub-positions [ph]. I've had some active, but it was primarily passive. What we've done through the back half of 2012 was accomplished through active mitigation. In other words, we pulled forward some of the passive mitigation that was embedded in that earlier forecast, but it was through active mitigation that we ended the year at $280 billion of risk-weighted assets and were able to pull forward our forecast by a year. And the way we've been accomplishing the active mitigation is, really, with minimal P&L impact, and that's the way we're continuing to look at it. We're really reducing capital behind positions that are -- in areas that are not revenue-accretive longer term.
Glenn Schorr: So just making sure I got it right, any way you slice it, as the RWA runoff, good or bad market conditions, it's going to have no revenue impact.
Ruth Porat: I said it's minimal revenue impact. That's the way we've been looking at it. And I think you had one other part of your question I didn't quite address. The reason we've been able to accomplish this pull-forward is this is, as you know, a real priority for us. We have strict governance around it. Our senior leadership team is very committed to it, and that's enabled us to pull forward, through active mitigation, more reduction in 2012 and set us up for this decline as we're looking at in '13 and beyond, at minimal P&L impact.
Glenn Schorr: Got it. Ruth, you've mentioned the 43% true comp ratio at ISG. I'm assuming that was the year, not the quarter, correct?
Ruth Porat: Correct.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. And that's come down and I think the shareholders be cool with that. We've seen some stuff in the press about changes on the deferral. Not something normally I'd ask you to comment on, but I'm just curious on the impact on future periods. So the change in deferred, I've seen this happen in the past at some other companies. How much of a contingent liability does that create on the go-forward? Or is it not material to the overall story?
Ruth Porat: Well, a couple of things in terms of the compensation structure. So we did change the comp structure again this year. We raised the total compensation level at which deferrals start, so over 82% of people don't have deferrals, and it's really -- think of it as those who are in the earlier parts of their careers. So it's really for the more senior people that we have deferrals. The vesting schedule is still over 3 years, and it's the combination of cash and equity, which we think further enhances alignments of interest. But as we talked about on calls last year, we said the absolute amount of deferrals would be going down. It is continuing to go down. The actual amount of deferrals in 2013 is lower than 2012, and the aggregate amount continues to decline. And I think as important, as James noted in his comments, when you combine that with the actions we've taken reducing headcount, base and benefits are also meaningfully lower. We're paying 6,000 fewer people in 2013. And then you add that to things like location sourcing. So kind of that fixed element of it, if that's where you framed it, is declining.
Glenn Schorr: Now that's super helpful. And then last one for me, commodities, specifically, and I appreciate the environment has been a soft one, and I've seen it everywhere. Is the business actually changed such that maybe it doesn't fit inside a broker-dealer anymore? In other words, would private equity be a better owner? It seems -- curious if you would allocate, I'm sure you won't, but I'll try, the risk-weighted assets associated with it? It feels like, wow, 3 out of 4 quarters this year were pretty soft. In other words, in your mind, is it cyclical versus something changed?
Ruth Porat: Yes, there were some quite specific issues in the environment that affected commodities this quarter, in particular. I mean, as you know well, our business is both physical and trading, and it's also primarily oil and power. And when you combine storm-related dislocation, continued backwardation with lower prices affecting our storage business and then the lower volatility, we had a series of things that resulted in, basically, de minimis revenues in commodities this quarter, very unusual one over time. So we do think there's quite a cyclical element to it, storm-related element to it, however you want to frame it.
James P. Gorman: Yes, I'd just add firstly, to put the quarter in context, and I know the second quarter was also challenging, you have to go back to 1995, I think, to find quarters like that. So it was fairly aberrant. These businesses don't turn that quickly on a dime, good or bad. We have a tremendous Commodities business, tremendous team. They had an aberrant environment, difficult environment, difficult quarter, and we moved on past that. On the broader strategic things, I mean, if we could find a structure that was more advantageous for everybody, we'd do that, and obviously, as we've said publicly, we're open to that. But this is not because we don't think it's a great business. We're just constantly looking at the combination of capital, liquidity, funding and the mix of those 3 things and trying to figure out the best way to move forward.
Operator: The next question will come from Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Michael Mayo: I think this goes in the category of good progress but could it be better. So starting with Slide 12, you identify targets for return on tangible equity at 11%, going to 12% at some point, but you don't put a time frame around that. Can you give us any better sense of timing when you expect to achieve that?
Ruth Porat: What we tried to do, Mike, was lay out in the deck the key components that are embedded in that 9%, so the expense initiatives, the capital efficiency, the drivers in wealth management and Institutional Securities. So just focusing on the expense -- well, let's start from the top. Wealth initiative and the buy-in there, as James said, that's one item that we put into CCAR. That's with a focus to accomplish as soon as possible, subject to regulatory approval. And the benefit, to be clear, of the wealth management buy-in is not just the incremental 35% earnings but the contractual upside once we own 100% results in earnings that are about the same as that which we get from retaining the NCI. And then on top of that, when you're talking about ROE, clearly, as I've been talking about for many quarters, we've been holding capital against the stake. So that's deadweight capital. We'll finally get not just the NCI but that contractual earnings against it. That's helpful and that's submitted within our CCAR now. The expense initiatives, as we outlined on the chart, are over the next 2 years. And so you can see the $1.6 billion reduction in the 2-year period of time. I think the RWA reductions, we're continuing to focus on that near term and the growth initiatives as well. So we're not putting a specific timeline on it, but try to guide you there with the way we laid out the other key drivers of the upside.
Michael Mayo: And for the expense reduction, now that is a big number, $1.6 billion, but you've made such good progress here recently that if you annualize fourth quarter results, I guess that's just $400 million incremental per year. Am I doing the math correctly, or how should I think about that?
Ruth Porat: Well, the reason we pulled it all together in $1.6 billion, as we've been talking to you over the last year or 2 about a number of different initiatives, the Office of Re-engineering, the wealth management efforts, the headcount reduction, so the goal was to pull everything together with a holistic view of it. As it relates to reengineering, which is both comp and non-comp, we targeted a $1.4 billion run rate reduction by 2014 and a $500 million run rate reduction by the end of 2012. Our expenses in aggregate are down $500 million between 2011 and 2012, a little different mix there but down by that $500 million. So now when you layer on top of it the integration in wealth management, the benefit from the consolidation steps, the headcount reduction, line by line buildup takes you to that $1.6 billion over the 2-year period of time. So I wouldn't say annualize the 2011 over 2012 reduction. This is really by initiative, takes you to the $1.6 billion over that period of time based on our best estimates, what we know now and, as we said, assuming a flat revenue environment.
Michael Mayo: And the wealth management margin, great, you're 17%, but I guess your target is still mid-teens. So why not increase the targets?
Ruth Porat: We're keeping it for now at the mid-teens target, and we're pleased with the 17% and all that we had to do with the franchise completing the integration that set us up to achieve the 17% margin. But as I said previously, we wouldn't guide you to hold that 17% in the first quarter for a couple of reasons. One, there are fewer trading days, and it is seasonally slightly higher comp ratio. So holding the comp ratio, at least near term, in that 60% range, implying sort of a 15-ish percent margin near term, we think, is prudent, appropriate. But again, for the reasons we've talked about, namely the expense savings through consolidation, coupled with the upside we see with our growth in lending, that should take you to higher levels. And if you have any lift at all from the environment, in particular, on the rate side, it does as well. But we're going to hold for now to the mid-teens and wait to see those play out over time.
Michael Mayo: And then lastly, backlogs, you said equity underwriting is higher. Is that link quarter, year-over-year or both? And can you also give those -- that information for total investment banking?
Ruth Porat: So the equity pipeline is up going into the year, so quarter-over-quarter, and as I said, it's driven by greater activity in Europe and Asia, in particular. Those were pretty muted throughout 2012. So with the healthier backdrop, in particular, in Europe, we're looking for more activity. And then -- I'm sorry, the second part of your question was...
Michael Mayo: Just backlogs, any other color you can give. So that's equity. What about fixed income?
Ruth Porat: Fixed income tends to have a slightly shorter pipeline. It has been a very constructive environment for refinancing. I think there have been some debate as to was activity pulled into the fourth quarter from the first quarter. Our view very much is it was not. This was just good refinancing effort and corporate clients being opportunistic because of low rates, and so there is more to come. We think that although you never want to forecast an extension off of a record quarter, the offset to any kind of declines there. In fact, the M&A market remains as constructive as it appears we could see some more event lending activity, in particular, non investment-grade activity. So I don't want to suggest that you should extrapolate off of the fourth quarter, given it was a record, but we feel good about the ongoing interest by clients in financing activity.
Operator: The next question will come from Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Quick question here. The roughly $50 billion of RWA reduction that we're going from current to year-end '14, have you guys provided the risk weights for those assets? And if not, would you do so?
Ruth Porat: We have not. We thought we were actually being quite expansive breaking out the risk weights by category. We've given you some of the product areas, but we have not broken it out more than that.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. And then I assume in the run-off that you guys had, even though you had some opportunistic active runoff here this quarter, that the forward look is still all passive. Is that right?
Ruth Porat: It's overwhelmingly passive, just as we built up the first forecast. And I think one of the potentially obvious points is given the focus in governance around RWA reduction, we were able to pull forward and execute. And again, there's only so many times you can pull things forward. But this is primarily passive mitigation at this point with a focus on trying to continue to accelerate some of the active.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. And I'm sorry if I missed this, but can you or have you quantified the revenue opportunity that's in the order flow capture once you guys own all of MSSB?
Ruth Porat: We haven't broken out the order flow agreement separately, but when you take the order flow agreement, the return on higher deposits, very importantly, assuming that those additional deposits, near term, merely fund the AFS portfolio and the reduction of the expenses associated with running a joint venture like extra reporting and other items like that, those 3 items in the aggregate are about comparable to the earnings from the 35%. And again, a couple of items. One, that's, again, assuming that if we're just putting that into an AFS portfolio, clearly, as we're lending it out there, it's greater returns. And that's the key point.
Brennan Hawken: Sure. So as we're modeling this, a check figure would be maybe to watch the -- take a look at the NCI and double it effectively. And then as along as we're getting that kind of upside, then we're in the right ballpark.
Ruth Porat: Yes. I think one thing you probably want to look at is the slide that James walked you through. We indicated that the incremental capital, ballpark $400 million, and that the earnings in the first year, ballpark the same number. So we're kind of helping you triangulate right back to those -- how much that will bring.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. Yes, I appreciate that. And then just last one for me. On the wealth management business, can you give some color around risk appetite and what you guys are seeing around all this noise out of D.C.? Is it impacting risk appetites there? Are you starting to see a little relief now that we've moved past some of it or at least people might realize that noise and all that out of D.C. are just a permanent part of the landscape at this point?
James P. Gorman: Let me take a cut at that because I've been pretty involved with some of the stuff going on in the fiscal side and trying to get the temperature of the retail investor. I would say that somewhere around early December, there was a shift in tone and a pickup in activity and by definition, a pickup in risk appetite. So investors were re-engaging. Businesses of this size and this geographic dispersity don't move dramatically month to month, but there was definitely a tonal shift. I think it's too early, obviously, in this quarter to say much about that. But it feels similar, and the more progress that we have on the fiscal front, the more confidence investors will have to get out there and invest. The other thing you have to look at, Brennan, is that the 401(k) plans are up materially last year, so the wealth impact of people is up materially. They get to the end of the year, they see their 401(k) holding is up, on average, equity side, up 15%. That has a real driving factor around investment behavior. So I think we -- my personal view is that absent a reversal in the U.S. economy, which I don't anticipate, or a complete mess up in Washington, which I don't anticipate because they're making progress, I think we've passed the bottom.
Brennan Hawken: Well, you can never not count on a complete mess up out of Washington.
Operator: The next question will come from Guy Moszkowski with Autonomous Research.
Guy Moszkowski: On the lending in Global Wealth Management, do you have a target loan-to-deposit ratio that you'd like to move towards?
Ruth Porat: At this point, we don't. I think the main point to note is we do have the largest retail distribution system. And as James noted, we think there's real upside because only 5% of our clients are currently using our lending suite. It's ballpark 10% for our peers, and that's just because historically, this hasn't been a strategic focus for us. So our deposits will be growing to about $140 billion post-acquisition. We think we have real meaningful upside there. It wouldn't be fully utilized just on the wealth management side, at least in the very near term. We're continuing to be quite prudent about the way we're growing that portfolio. And that's why when we talk about deposit growth, it's not just with respect to wealth management, but it's also what we're doing on the institutional side with relationship lending and event lending and with additional products moving into the bank, bank-appropriate products such as things like commercial real estate lending or asset-based lending with our existing corporate clients.
Guy Moszkowski: Fair enough. On your Slide 7, James, on the FICC discussion, the RWA net reduction of $30 billion through sort of the net of strategic reductions and growth, is there any way that we can get under that just to see how you're thinking about how you would shift emphasis on the business within FICC?
Ruth Porat: The focus within FICC is very consistent with what we've been talking about for quite some time. And so there are areas of growth within those core product areas we're continuing to be active in rates and have invested in it at foreign exchange. Similarly, we're continuing to benefit from the electronic trading platform. In fact, we set new records internally for trade volumes last quarter. Credit remains important to us. We're very active in mortgages. So it continues to be in the areas that we've spoken about, and we just wanted to leave some cushion for ongoing growth there, which is part of the plan.
Guy Moszkowski: Sure, that's helpful. On Page 12 of the slides, can you give us a sense for how much of getting to that 9% ROE with no change in market conditions would be contingent on getting to the FICC market share targets that you've laid out in the past?
Ruth Porat: We've tried to give as many levers as we can. We are still committed to the market share gains, the 2% market share gains that we've talked about. We're also very focused on the returns in the business, and you can see that with what we've done on RWA reduction, but I haven't broken that out.
James P. Gorman: Yes, but it sounds like fundamentally, you did assume in that analysis that you did gain those couple of points of share.
Ruth Porat: No, because what we have here as first bullet is -- no change in market conditions, is essentially just a flat revenue environment and then layer in the actions that we've put into this slide deck here.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay. So you don't assume that you have any meaningful share gain within the context of the flat market? I just want to make sure I understand what your assumptions are.
Ruth Porat: Yes. We have 2 -- let me be very clear here. For purposes of the slide and the 9%, we've delineated the steps that we're taking, assuming no change in market condition. For purposes of the way we're running the business and the way our business leaders think about the business, of course, we're continuing to pursue the market share gains for all the reasons that we've talked about. I was answering 2 questions, I apologize.
Guy Moszkowski: No, but now it's clear. That helps a lot. And then finally, just not to harp on this margin target on GWM, but it almost sounds like you want to raise the target there, except that you don't want to do that in the face of some seasonality in the first quarter on the expense base, and I understand that. But should we be thinking that it goes up, that the target goes up beyond the first quarter?
James P. Gorman: Let me have a go at this. I mean, listen. Firstly, one quarter is 13 weeks. So let's not get too wound up about precisely where we are. As Ruth said, there's some seasonality. We were criticized in the past for laying out a 20% margin 4 years ago for this business. We didn't anticipate a very difficult market. We didn't anticipate 0 interest rates, and we're guilty as charged. So we said we would deliver in this business mid-teen margins by the middle of next year, and that's what we're focused on. So let's revisit it, Guy, when we get to the mid-teen margins in the middle of next year.
Operator: The final question will come from Fiona Swaffield with RBC Bank of Canada.
Fiona Swaffield: I just wanted to ask on your Basel III capital ratio and what you think your target is now post -- do you think -- I noticed somewhere there was a 9% yield to investment bank in the capital allocation on the risk-weighted assets side. And then secondly, just within your Slide 12, when you talked about 1% accretion from returning excess capital, I mean, that seems quite low. Is that just in 1 year, or could you just talk a bit more about that?
Ruth Porat: Certainly. So we're assuming that we'll run at a buffer above the requirements. So with our GCP buffer, that would put us at about 8.5%, run at a buffer above that. We're obviously looking to continue to accrete capital which will take those ratios up, in particular, with what we're doing on the RWA reduction side. And then the question really becomes over what time do we -- are we returning capital, and that's a function of earnings in the regulatory environment. And it's also how do we look to reinvest some of that capital in our business. I mean, there's some pretty obvious areas with $140 billion of deposits coming on and the opportunity to grow the suite of lending products, as I've talked about, both wealth management and institutional. Some of it goes behind that. But we have not laid out a timeline for the return of capital, and we'll leave it to you to model in how much upside, incremental upside there is over what period of time returning excess capital. Well, with that, we thank you very much for joining our fourth quarter call and look forward to speaking to you in 13 weeks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-18 11:00:00) =====
Celeste Mellet Brown: Good morning. This is Celeste Brown, Head of Investor Relations. Welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements, which reflect management's current estimates or beliefs, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. The presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our SEC filings at morganstanley.com for reconciliation of such non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP figures, and for a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of Morgan Stanley. This presentation, which is copyrighted by Morgan Stanley and may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent, is not an offer to buy or sell any security or instrument. I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James P. Gorman: Good morning, everyone, and thank you, Celeste. Our results and actions this quarter evidence progress and important milestones towards our long-term strategic plan, a plan we laid out for all of you several years ago. In addition to executing on the long-term strategy, we also remain nimble and have demonstrated our ability to adjust tactically. A key to our future is increased contribution of Wealth Management to our revenue, profitability, returns and funding stability. This quarter, we continued to move forward in 2 ways. First, on the tactical front. Our margin progress, at 13% pretax margin excluding nonrecurring expenses, provides increasing support of the strategy. Second, and of greater long-term significance, we purchased 14% of the Wealth Management joint venture, while locking in the price and greater flexibility for the remaining 35%. We're pleased to have clarity about our future and are closer to recognizing the full value of Global Wealth Management for the firm and for our shareholders, value that goes beyond the short-term margin targets. In addition, the revenue and profit contribution of MSIM, our Asset Management business, really rounds out the wealth and asset management side of the firm. Also key to our future obviously is our long-term strategy in ISG, which continues to reinforce an integrated business that best delivers for clients, leverages our historic strengths, while optimizing capital. Again, on the tactical front, our objective this quarter was to demonstrate a recovery from the challenging second quarter, though acknowledging seasonality. This was most clear in our Fixed Income results, which rebounded sharply even with the continued drag from CVA due to the tightening of our credit spreads. As discussed on our last earnings call, clients did reengage with us at the end of the second quarter and continued to do so throughout the third quarter. Evidence of progress across the firm towards our long-term strategy is our strong Basel III capital ratio, which is now north of 9% as of September 30. We've accomplished a lot over the last several years to position this firm well for the future and the new regulatory landscape. We have great confidence we'll translate this value into greater profitability for our shareholders and drive returns higher through sensible capital actions at the appropriate time. Now I'm going to turn it over to Ruth to take you through our earnings in detail. Thank you.
Ruth Porat: Good morning. I will provide both GAAP results and results excluding the effect of DVA. We have provided reconciliations in the footnotes to the earnings release to reconcile these non-GAAP measures. DVA in the quarter was a loss of $2.3 billion with $1.6 billion in Fixed Income sales and trading and $641 million in Equity sales and trading. Excluding the impact of DVA, firm-wide revenues were $7.6 billion, up 14% sequentially. Noninterest expense was $6.8 billion, up 13% versus the second quarter. Compensation expense was $3.9 billion this quarter. Noncompensation expense was $2.8 billion, up 19% from last quarter, reflecting nonrecurring expenses associated with the Global Wealth Management integration, as well as higher litigation costs. The effective tax rate from continuing operations for the third quarter was 35.4%. Earnings from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders were approximately $535 million. Earnings from continuing operations per diluted share were $0.28 after preferred dividends. On a reported or GAAP basis, firm-wide revenues for the quarter were $5.3 billion. Earnings from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders were a loss of $1 billion. Reported earnings from continuing operations per diluted share were a loss of $0.55 after preferred dividends. Book value at the end of the quarter was $30.53 per share. Tangible book value was $26.65 per share, reflecting a reduction of $0.58 related to the increased 14% ownership stake in the Wealth Management joint venture. Turning to the balance sheet. Our total assets were $765 billion at September 30, up from $749 billion last quarter. Our liquidity reserve was $170 billion at the end of the quarter versus $173 billion last quarter. Deposits were $71 billion, up again this quarter. Although our calculations are not final, we believe that our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel I will be approximately 13.7% and our Tier 1 capital ratio will be approximately 16.7%. Risk-weighted assets under Basel I are expected to be approximately $319 billion at September 30. Subject to final rule-making, our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III was north of 9% as of the end of the third quarter, assuming full Basel III inflation of risk-weighted assets and 0 benefit from future mitigation. Let me now discuss our business in detail. In Institutional Securities, revenues, excluding DVA, were $3.6 billion, up 26% sequentially. Noninterest expense was $3.3 billion, up 21% versus the second quarter. Compensation was $1.6 billion for the third quarter, reflecting a 45% ratio, excluding DVA. Noncompensation expense increased 27% from last quarter due to higher litigation costs of approximately $280 million. The business reported a pretax profit of $345 million, excluding the impact of DVA. Including the impact of DVA, the business reported a pretax loss of $1.9 billion. In Investment Banking, revenues of $969 million were up 10% versus last quarter. According to Thomson Reuters, Morgan Stanley ranked #1 in global IPOs, #2 in global announced M&A, #3 in global equity and #4 in U.S. dollar investment-grade debt at the end of the third quarter. Notable transactions included, in equity underwriting, the $8.5 billion global IPO of Japan Airlines, which marked the second-largest IPO globally this year and the largest airline float in history. This transaction is also a great example of the power of our partnership with MUFG. In advisory, Porsche SE transferred the remaining 50.1% stake in Porsche AG to Volkswagen valued at $8.9 billion. And in debt underwriting, Blackstone's $650 million offering, its first-ever 30-year bond issuance and its largest debt offering to date. Advisory revenues of $339 million were up 29% versus the second quarter, with increased revenues in all regions. Equity underwriting revenues were $199 million, a 30% decrease from the second quarter. Although equity underwriting volumes for the industry were up sequentially, they were more heavily weighted toward follow-on offerings and block deals versus IPOs in the second quarter. Fixed income underwriting revenues of $431 million were up 28% versus last quarter, reflecting increased revenue in high yield and investment-grade issuance, as well as stronger loan syndication fees. Equity sales and trading revenue, excluding DVA, were $1.2 billion, an increase of 7% from last quarter. Derivatives revenues improved despite seasonality due to a combination of more favorable market conditions and expansion of our client footprint. Prime brokerage revenues increased modestly despite reduced average hedge fund leverage in the quarter. Hedge fund leverage picked up at the end of the quarter and continues to increase. Revenues in cash equities were consistent with last quarter despite significantly reduced levels of market activity globally. Results were supported by share gains across most markets. Fixed Income and Commodities sales and trading revenues, excluding DVA, were $1.5 billion. Revenues were up 89% versus our second quarter results. Revenues increased across most of our businesses. CVA, net of hedges, was negative again this quarter due to the tightening of our credit spreads. Year-to-date in rates, we have generated almost as much revenue as we did in the entirety of 2011. In foreign exchange, we delivered our best reported quarter since 2009. Within our credit businesses, we had particular strength in our Securitized Products business. Commodities results benefited from more favorable market conditions. Other sales and trading reflects negative revenues of $164 million compared with negative $11 million last quarter. Turning to VAR. We implemented a new VAR model this quarter, which we have been running in parallel since 2011. Our new VAR model has been approved by regulators. The benefit of the new model is that it is more responsive to current market conditions, while also maintaining longer-term perspective. The new model is aligned with Basel 2.5 requirements. In our supplement, we provided VAR measures under both our current and previous VAR model for this quarter, the prior quarter and the prior year, and we will do the same for the fourth quarter. Our average trading VAR for the third quarter was $63 million versus $76 million in the second quarter and $99 million in the prior year. Turning to Global Wealth Management. Revenues of $3.3 billion were flat to the prior quarter. Asset Management revenues were down modestly versus the prior quarter, reflecting lower market levels at June 30. Transaction revenues increased 6% from last quarter, consisting primarily of commissions of $521 million, which decreased 2% from last quarter, reflecting lower equity volume. Investment Banking-related fees of $199 million, which decreased 11% versus last quarter, driven by a slower equity issuance calendar and trading revenues of $312 million, which were up 41% versus the second quarter, reflecting strong fixed income secondary trading, as well as markups in our deferred compensation plans. Noninterest expense was $3.1 billion, up 6% from last quarter. Expenses included nonrecurring items of approximately $193 million related to the integration and the purchase of the 14% stake in the joint venture. The compensation ratio was 61% versus 60% in the second quarter. Noncompensation expense was $1 billion, up 14% versus last quarter. Excluding the nonrecurring expenses associated with the joint venture, the PBT margin was 13%. On a reported basis, the PBT margin was 7%, with profit before tax of $239 million. Total client assets increased to $1.8 trillion, reflecting the benefit of higher equity markets and positive flows. Global fee-based asset inflows were $8 billion, fee-based assets under management increased to $556 billion at quarter end. Global representatives were 16,829. Bank deposits were $118 billion, with approximately $60 billion held in Morgan Stanley banks. Asset Management revenues of $631 million were up from $456 million in the second quarter, due primarily to principal investment gains in Merchant Banking and Real Estate. In Traditional Asset Management, revenues of $372 million were up 10% compared to the second quarter due to higher market levels. In Real Estate Investing, revenues of $125 million were flat versus last quarter. Due to the ownership structure of these funds, the majority of these revenues are passed to third-party investors in the noncontrolling interest line. In Merchant Banking, revenues were $134 million compared with negative $3 million in the second quarter driven primarily by principal investment gains. Compensation expense was $241 million in the quarter, up slightly from $214 million in the second quarter. Profit before tax was $198 million, up from $43 million last quarter. NCI was $50 million versus $23 million last quarter. Total assets under management increased to $331 billion driven by net inflows of $11 billion and market appreciation. Turning to our outlook. We continue to see momentum in our businesses based on better market conditions and the strategic positioning of the firm. With respect to the market, both institutional and retail investor activity picked up on the back of the ECB's bold moves in August. We believe the ECB's actions reduced the probability of a tail risk event in Europe, although challenges remain in Europe and globally. With respect to the firm's businesses, clients clearly reengaged with us post the ratings decision in late June and continued to do so throughout the third quarter. We saw a recovery in our Fixed Income results and continue to benefit from our cohesive sales and trading businesses. Investment Banking volumes industry-wide remain muted relative to historic levels, but pipelines are healthy. With our strong market share, we are well positioned if the fledgling economic recovery in the U.S. persists and market stability in Europe is sustained. We are increasingly benefiting from our Wealth Management business, including the advantages of being on one platform as well as our increased stake in the business. We are also yielding results from our alliance with MUFG with powerful market share gains in Japanese and cross-border M&A. We continue to take the steps needed to realize cost savings through headcount reductions and cost-cutting, setting us up well for 2013 and 2014. Specifically, by the end of the third quarter, we were close to our headcount reduction goal for all of 2012. Our Office of Re-engineering remains on track to achieve $500 million run rate savings this year and $1.4 billion by 2014. And the results of our cost initiatives in GWM are increasingly visible now that we are on one platform. Looking forward, we remain confident about our path to ROE expansion based on the revenue, profitability and capital strategies we have implemented. Most notably, in Institutional Securities, we have leading global businesses with momentum across the platform enhanced by capital optimization. In Wealth Management, we are already benefiting from our increased ownership both because we are earning a return on the capital held against the 14% and the growing deposit base, which will drive funding efficiency and revenue expansion. Because of these and other steps we have taken, as well as the early signs of an improving macro environment, we look forward to the future. Thank you for listening. And James and I will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Howard Chen with Crédit Suisse.
Howard Chen: You both mentioned the impact of the CVA this quarter. Can you tell us how meaningful that was? And were there any hedges against that as I think is your historical practice?
Ruth Porat: So there were hedges against it as is our historical practice and as we disclosed in our filings. And the drag -- just to try and help you size it, the drag from CVA this quarter was bigger than the period-specific items we called out last quarter in our Fixed Income business. In addition, we had a drag in equities, although it was smaller than in Fixed Income.
Howard Chen: Great. And then, James, could you just update us on your long-term strategy vision for the Commodities business and how you see both the physical and the nonphysical segments of the business fitting within the regulatory framework as we go forward?
James P. Gorman: Well, Commodities has been a great business here at Morgan Stanley for a long time. It continues to be an attractive business. Obviously, with the Dodd-Frank legislation, there are potential limits to some of the activities that we can pursue in that business. So it's incumbent upon us to explore all forms of different structures, appropriate structures, that can take us forward, where we can get the benefits of the business but also meet the regulatory constraints that we operate under.
Howard Chen: Okay. And then on capital management, James, you've highlighted in the past to think about this capital management and capital trends as sequential process. So sequentially, you've retired legacy issues, you've bought the first 15% of the buy-in, crystallized the price for the rest and this Basel III Tier 1 common continues to improve. So where we are now, how do you think about the potential ability to buy back your stock, restore the dividend and/or maybe do the rest of the buy-in?
James P. Gorman: Well, it's a good question, Howard. Obviously, we have CCAR process that we and the other financial institutions go through with our regulators, both Federal Reserve and the other regulators. And in that process, one is in a position to pursue a range of capital actions. The process is now conducted twice yearly. Last couple of years, it's been once yearly. So there are opportunities going forward to put in place whatever plans we have in place. We've made it pretty clear that our major strategic objective is to complete the acquisition of MSSB, of which we have remaining 35%. And that would have a very modest capital implication for us, given the agreed-upon price and the goodwill we already hold against the position. So I don't want to get ahead of ourselves and don't want to get ahead of our regulators. We'll address what and when other actions as we get to the CCAR process in January of next year.
Howard Chen: Great. That makes sense. And just finally for me, you noted the heightened litigation costs this quarter. What specifically did those relate to, Ruth? And how far would you say we are through crisis and postcrisis litigation for the firm?
Ruth Porat: Well, it covered -- this quarter covered a number of items, including the recent decision in one matter but also expenses associated with other ongoing matters. And I think, as you put it, litigation has been an ongoing cost for the industry. And I think it will continue to be.
Operator: The next question will come from Roger Freeman with Barclays.
Roger A. Freeman: Just going back to, I think, probably a couple of things Howard asked. Besides sort of the CCAR process, are there other things with respect to buying in the rest of the JV that factor into your decision-making? And what would cause you to accelerate that or not, separate from the capital allocation?
James P. Gorman: Well, I'll have a go, then Ruth can jump in. We agreed on a fixed price on the JV. And given that fixed price, the capital -- and you can do the math on it -- the capital implications of buying the rest of it are pretty modest. There are many advantages to pursuing that, obviously, but again we've got to go through the CCAR process and make sure it's the right time to do it. But there are advantages to pursue it and we've made that very clear. This is a strategic imperative.
Roger A. Freeman: Got it. Okay. And then just maybe tied to that broadly, you've got to a 13% pretax margin, excluding the charges. Your target next year is mid-teens. Can you just remind us what other milestones we'd be looking for? I mean, you're obviously close to that number now. Does this continue to, as you model it out, rise over the course of next year, so you're at a higher level, above mid-teens by the end of next year?
Ruth Porat: So we're still guiding to mid-teens margin mid-next year, but 2 components I think to your question. First is we're looking forward to the fourth quarter and beyond a couple of items. One, integration expense is running lower post the second quarter. As we've talked about it, ran kind of the $80 million to $100 million per quarter area in the first half, and then we had budgeted for it to come down in the third and fourth quarters, which it did, running at lower levels, and then dropped off again next year. So the third quarter margin did benefit from that drop in integration expense, which will also benefit the fourth quarter, and then it goes down in 2013. The second thing is that we'll have a full quarter of the expense benefit associated with the charge that we took in the third quarter. We had 2 of 3 months' benefit in the third quarter. So there was some impact on the 13% margin this quarter. We get the full 3 months' benefit next quarter. Obviously, we are always careful to say that PBT margin expansion is not a straight line. For example, in the fourth quarter, we do tend to have seasonally higher expenses. But it's too soon to tell. And then I think as we look forward, and really building on James' comment about the upside, whenever it comes with the additional 35%, when we buy that in, first and foremost, we generate earnings on this capital that we're already holding against Citi's stakes. So that meaningfully improves ROE in the business. But in addition to that, we get the benefit from adding about another $55 billion in deposits over time. So not only do we benefit from efficient stable funding, but we also increase net interest income, which is higher-margin. And then beyond NCI, there's an earnings benefit from trading volumes that are now directed to Citi based on an order flow agreement. That's eliminated when we own 100%. So some contractual benefits that take it higher, and then there are certain other costs from managing a joint venture that drop away. So mid-teens margin mid-next year is the guidance, but I just wanted to give you the path forward.
Roger A. Freeman: Got it. Okay. And then just lastly, on the Basel III Tier 1 ratio, 9%. The last quarter, I think you said you were just under 8.5%. There was some benefit from the MSSB transaction. But also is the 8.5% still a comparable number? Because I know the NPR had just come out in June. And so I don't know if there were any revisions to the historical look-back.
Ruth Porat: Yes. That's a comparable number. The increase really starts with earnings, and as you know well, DVA is not relevant for the capital calculation. So starting with earnings, there was a modest benefit from the new VAR model. But I think, very important, we continue to execute on our RWA plan, the risk-weighted asset plan.
Operator: Your next question will come from Mike Mayo with CLSA. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Can you update us on your FICC risk-weighted asset reduction? How much have you done? And how much more do you have to go?
Ruth Porat: Mike, given we just laid it out at a conference recently, what I'll say is we're very much on track for the targets that we laid out at the conference. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Okay. The increase in your Basel III Tier 1 ratio, was that helped out this quarter by the risk-weighted asset reduction? Or is that to come? And also did the VAR change help out your capital ratio?
Ruth Porat: Yes. The 3 components that helped the capital ratio was obviously starting with earnings, and then I just mentioned that there was a modest benefit from the new VAR model. And yes, we did continue to execute on the RWA plan, that was part of the benefit. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division And why did you make the change in the VAR model? Was it simply to get a shorter time series? And if so, what time frame did you have before versus now?
Ruth Porat: Yes. The primary driver was to have a VAR model that's more sensitive to changes in market volatility. So it is more weighted to 1 year data. As we've talked about in the past, our prior VAR model was really -- it was based on 4-year data. And we've been running this model and the prior model in parallel since 2011, which gives us a high level of comfort from the model. It's been approved by regulators. It is consistent with Basel requirements. And in our disclosure, what you've probably seen is we've provided the VAR measures under both models for this quarter, the prior quarter, the prior year. And we will be doing the same for the fourth quarter. I thought it would be helpful for you to be able to see the trends under both models, which are the same, VAR was down this quarter. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division And you can appreciate the idea of changing a VAR model gets people's attention these days. Is there anything else you've looked out at, given what's taken place recently elsewhere in putting in place a new VAR model? I mean, you've put it in place firm-wide, you've ran it in parallel for, what, 1.5 years. Anything else you can say to assure people?
Ruth Porat: Sure. So first and foremost, it's part of the overall governance around risk management where you have one centralized risk organization. It reports to the board risk committee. The risk organization built the model. It's been thoroughly vetted internally and, as I said, approved by regulators. We've been running both models in parallel for an extended period of time. And the other point is that VAR is just one of multiple measures of risk we use to assess overall risk in the organization. So we've talked in the past about our proprietary stress VAR model. That captures a longer time series and market liquidity and tail risk. And we do constant scenario modeling with stresses for volatility and price changes. So it's part of an overall to your point, very good question, overall comprehensive risk management, centralized risk management organization with multiple tools. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division And then last question. In Wealth Management, now that you're on one platform, I imagine you had many people working on that integration. You said you're at your headcount reduction already. So how many people were working on that integration? And I guess, they'll be redeployed for more external activities or elsewhere. What kind of additional synergies can you get now that the integration is finally done?
Ruth Porat: So as I indicated, the expenses were higher in the first half but didn't drop off completely in the third and fourth quarter because we've continued to provide support. We had built that into our upfront plan. So you're right. I don't have the numbers with me, but headcount does benefit modestly as we completed the platform and will continue to benefit.
Operator: The next question will come from Glenn Schorr with Nomura.
Glenn Schorr: A quickie on loan. Loan commitments have been coming down. They're actually down like in half. Is that a function of the environment or a little more a function of the Basel III Dodd-Frank world that we're going to live in?
Ruth Porat: So loans -- what I'd like to point you to is obviously the difference between what's in our fair value block versus HFI. As we've talked about several quarters ago, we were increasingly moving to HFI. That is up again this quarter. And overall, our loan book is actually up this quarter. So I think the change is in what's fair value versus HFI, HFI is now over half of our total loan book.
Glenn Schorr: A totally fair point. I guess, M&A performance is pretty good. But in general, industry-wide, you scratch your head, you look back and you say, "Well, conditions actually should be pretty good for a heated M&A environment," yet I think there's a lot of conversations, good pipelines and not a lot of trigger-pulling. I'm just not sure if you can think through the things that would maybe break up that log jam and what your expectations are next 4 or 5 quarters.
Ruth Porat: You're absolutely right. Our view is that the conditions that we're seeing today with lower volatility in the markets and low rates, so an attractive financing environment, if you look historically, that should set up for a -- or encourage a pretty robust M&A environment, pretty -- higher levels of activity. And very much to your point, industry-wide volumes continue to remain at very low levels. What we're hearing anecdotally is that much of that continues to be the uncertainty about the environment. Some concern, not just in Europe, but increasingly here in the U.S. and that, that is basically putting activity kind of on the sidelines. Conversation's ongoing and the pipeline's healthy, but very much to your point, need to have more clarity about the environment and some of the changes that are forthcoming, in particular, here in the U.S. for activity to move forward in a meaningful way is our expectation.
Glenn Schorr: Excellent. And last one, just more of a big picture one, I think everything you pointed out at the beginning of the call is spot-on. I think Fixed Income snapped back strong. M&A, debt underwriting, Equity is all good, Wealth Management getting better, we're going to own more. Even if you do the math of you owning more and hitting your margin target, I'm still coming up in a single-digit ROE range. And I just don't know if it's just waiting on a better environment. I'm just curious if you, in your minds, have a path towards, say, a double-digit ROE and what it takes to get there.
Ruth Porat: Sure. We do have meaningful ROE upside and are unequivocally focused on driving returns in each of our businesses. There was noise in the numbers this quarter. I'll let you model those in. But taking you to the sustainably higher ROE and focusing on those drivers we've talked about, revenue profitability, capital efficiency for the various businesses -- let me go into them in some detail. So in Wealth Management, in terms of the revenue upside, we're continuing to increase our managed accounts business. It's up above $550 billion this quarter, it's up 20% year-over-year. And that's accretive to returns. And we are increasing our lending business. We have $73 billion of deposits as of October 15 once the deposits came in from Citi associated with the 14% stake. Those come in under the drag basis -- lag basis, rather. So $73 billion of deposits, we're increasingly moving that to higher-margin products, which will increase NIM, even without any rate increase. And then on the expense side, you've seen it in the third quarter. The integration is complete, so expenses have come down and have more room to go, as I just noted. And the cost savings programs add to that even more. And then on the capital side, as you said, when we own -- as we increasingly own more of the joint venture, we generate earnings on what I have repeatedly called deadweight capital. We're holding this capital against Citi's stake and not earning -- generating earnings on it. Notably, as we buy-in the remainder of the Wealth Management joint venture, there is contractually significant revenue and profitability upsides that I commented on, things like the order flow agreement, a limit, more deposits -- so more upside beyond that contractually. And then on the Institutional Securities side, starting with revenues, we have sizable operating leverage in our institutional businesses, and we're executing on our plan. So we have a stellar platform in banking, we have a strong M&A pipeline. The same is true for equity new issuance, and both really played to our strengths. We have a leading franchise in institutional equities, and we continue to increase share even with low volumes, low market-wide volumes. And on Fixed Income, we're on track to running an optimized returns business with a strong client franchise, putting risk behind clients with smart capital efficiency. And we're pleased with the momentum in the business. On expenses, we now have very strong expense controls, comp and noncomp. And on capital, we're benefiting from more efficient use of capital across the businesses. On top of that, there would be upside from any return of capital and from an improving market over time. But we're building to a healthy increase in ROE with the revenue profitability and capital levers I've just gone through.
James P. Gorman: Hey, Glenn, it's James. You said at the beginning what an overall big picture on the ROE, and as Ruth just laid out all the components. But just step back for a minute. The first quarter, the ROE was 9%. Second quarter, obviously, we fell into a hole with the rating agency action, and there is -- clearly, we wanted to demonstrate that we've bounced back from that, which I think we have clear demonstration. You put all the pieces together, and it's not a terribly heroic assumption to get back to your cost of capital. And that's clearly what our plan and focus is on. We will be very, very, very focused on noncomp expenses. We are very attentive to our overall capital plan over the next couple of years. We're determined to make this GWM acquisition work. And as Ruth said, we have huge operating leverage across Institutional Securities. So again, I'm not sure what your math is looking like, but I don't think it takes a lot of heroic assumptions to get you to a reasonable ROE number. And then obviously from then on, as the global macro environment improves, which I believe it is on the starting basis of doing, we take it up from that point.
Operator: The next question will come from Kian Abouhossein with JPMorgan.
Kian Abouhossein: First question is relating to risk-weighted assets again. You mentioned at a recent conference, second quarter group risk-weighted assets were about $500 billion. Could you give us an update where we stand as of the third quarter with a 9% Tier 1 Basel III?
Ruth Porat: Given we just went through it at a recent conference, we're continuing to execute on the RWA plan. But I don't have it with me because we're not updating it at this point.
Kian Abouhossein: When will you give actually more details on your Basel III? Because it's been industry standard to start give a little bit more details. When should we expect you actually to either have it in the press release or in any other form that you give more details on capital as well as Basel III details?
Ruth Porat: Well, actually, I think that with the delineation we gave, and in particular in Fixed Income, we've given quite a bit of granularity because we wanted to make it clear how we're thinking about this strategically. And we've laid out some pretty key milestones. I think it might be helpful if I roll forward based on that plan where that gets you in '13. And you've probably already done this. But based on our current interpretation of the rules, consensus earnings and the RWA reduction plan that we did lay out at the conference, the math will get you to north of 10% by 2013.
Kian Abouhossein: Okay. Moving on to funding cost. Your funding cost is about 50 to 100 basis points higher than your peers. And I'm looking at your balance sheet, and you have about $170 billion of long-term debt. But I'm sure there's other long-term debt that I'm missing because of the way it's categorized. How much long-term debt do you actually have or what you categorize as long-term debt in your business? And how does a 50 to 100 basis points higher CDS spread impact your funding cost really going forward? How should we think about how you fund your business and the impact on the ROE?
Ruth Porat: So you've identified the long-term debt. You've got the right number there. In terms of funding, as I've said on many quarterly calls, the strategic moves that we've been making are benefiting our funding costs and our requirements. So for example, the growth of the deposit base, which is fairly consistent with our ongoing growth of the Wealth Management business funds both our corporate and retail loan books and additional products in the bank. And as we increase funding with deposits, we reduce reliance on our unsecured funding. With respect to the business mix, as we move more toward flow, which we've talked about quarter-after-quarter from structured products, we're funding more efficiently through the secured channel. And as a result of this and all that we've been doing with the balance sheet, this quarter alone, our unsecured debt is down by $3 billion. In 2012 year-to-date, it's down by about $20 billion. So in the aggregate, as a result of the strategic move, which is why I keep anchoring it back to that, the strategy is actually yielding multiple benefits. We've reduced our funding requirements, we've increased the durability of our funding because we have more efficiency given the multiple funding sources.
Kian Abouhossein: Okay. That's actually quite useful. And in terms of the comp ratio, I get to an IB-clean comp of 45% in the quarter. You mentioned noncomp as an improvement area. Most banks that I talk to are looking at more like high 30s as a comp target over the medium-term. How do you see your long-term comp ratio outlook, assuming no material changes in revenues?
Ruth Porat: Understood. So in recent quarters with higher revenues, we've delivered a lower compensation ratio, which evidences our philosophy and continues to drive returns. And as we've said many times, we're focused on appropriately rewarding those who drive returns while improving ROE and earnings. So it's not just about compensation dollars. We're also looking at headcount management, at location sourcing, at the overall expense management program and looking at both comp and noncomp.
Kian Abouhossein: But with this revenue environment, is it fair to say we should still see low 40s as a number on comp? Is it reasonable?
Ruth Porat: Well, I was going to make 2 points. The other important point to note is obviously ratios are not apples-to-apples across the Street. And as I said, we're looking at ensuring that we get the balance right so that we can reward those who drive returns while improving ROE.
Kian Abouhossein: Okay. And last question on your VAR model. Do you still use a Monte Carlo model or historic now?
Ruth Porat: Historic.
Operator: The next question will come from Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew H. Burnell: I have a follow-up question, I guess, to Glenn's question about the businesses and getting to ROE, Ruth. And maybe you incorporated your comments on this, but you didn't really focus on the Asset Management businesses. You're currently running at about a 17% ROE this quarter, about half of that on a year-to-date basis. Is there any meaningful benefit to ROE given the relatively modest contribution now that you see? You mentioned ISG and you mentioned Wealth Management. But is there anything that we might expect in terms of ROE benefit from Asset Management in the next year or 2?
Ruth Porat: Well, you've identified, given it's already a high ROE business, yes, there tends to be less of a question there. What we've consistently been doing is bringing back C capital [ph] and investing in the core business. And so again, that's accretive to returns in what's already an attractive return business.
Matthew H. Burnell: Okay. And then you mentioned that there's been some greater sense of engagement from your clients post the Moody's downgrade and that accelerated in the third quarter. My presumption is that, that is a comment basically focused on your institutional clients. Can you give us a little more color as to the sense of the retail investor engagement over the course of the third quarter? And any color you might want to provide relative to what's happened since the end of the quarter.
Ruth Porat: If I'm hearing the question correctly, there were actually almost -- maybe 2 points in there. Post-Moody's, we had -- we saw clients really reengaging, as you said, in the sales and trading side, in particular, on the Fixed Income side, which is the area that dealt with it the most. There wasn't really a Moody's impact on the retail side. And so on the retail side, the focus has been much more about what's going on in the macro environment. And as I commented, one of the impacts and the drags in the business has been, with the macro as weak as it had been or as volatile as it had been, we had lower levels industry-wide of equity new issue products. So that affected the opportunity overall for retail products to go through the system. But I think what you see in retail, which is attractive, is the consistency of revenues quarter-after-quarter.
James P. Gorman: I would just add from observing that part of the business for over a decade that there are periods where retail investors are completely disinterested in the market. There are periods when they're chasing everything that's moving. And then there are periods when they're basically sitting on the sidelines. If a good product comes along, they engage. If there's a better tone in the market, they engage. And we are in that period. We're definitely not in a fearful period. We're in a period where the money is there, the flows are still positive, a lot of money sitting in cash. And when an interesting product is coming along, they're engaging. And when there is a firmer tone, whether it's from here or Europe or anywhere else internationally, we see an uptick in activity. So as Ruth said, it's remained enormously stable during a pretty depressed period. And in my view, it wouldn't take a whole lot for that revenue outlook to turn in a positive way.
Matthew H. Burnell: Okay. And then finally, Ruth, you mentioned the hedge funds looked like they're taking a bit more leverage this quarter. Could you provide a little additional color as to if there are specific markets or products where they are willing to put on more leverage?
Ruth Porat: I think it's a pretty broad-based statement that we're saying. I can't pinpoint it to any particular market as broader.
Operator: The next question will come from Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: First, a quick one on CVA. Are we done there? Or is there more of that coming in subsequent quarters?
Ruth Porat: So you specifically asked about CVA, not DVA. Obviously, both are affected by movements in credit spreads, and so we don't forecast movements in credit spreads.
Brennan Hawken: Right. But I think it was last quarter where you said that there was a big change because of the downgrade. And so I was more referring to the outsized move as it related to that with the increased collateral.
Ruth Porat: Okay. Sorry about that. So there weren't more collateral calls this quarter, so you're not -- there was -- we basically had the initial flurry of collateral calls post the ratings action in June. And it pretty much subsided even before we got to the second quarter earnings call. It was initial flurry and that was it. And so you do not see an impact from collateral calls this quarter.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. Good deal. And then sticking with the capital markets, nice to see a pretty solid bounce-back there in FICC and great to hear about clients reengaging. Is that still -- is there still a tailwind coming there and still continuing to benefit you? Or do you feel as though everybody now is back and FICC is up to full speed? In other words, do we have more coming, more benefit?
Ruth Porat: Well, we always want to be doing more with our clients, so I wouldn't put an endpoint on it. I think that we were helped to have the ratings action behind us and clients reengage. And you can see that in the numbers. The move by the ECB in the summer, as I noted, I do think helped bring clients back into the market more broadly, that had been a big headwind as well. But in our view, we've got a very focused approach to the businesses and are looking to continue to build share.
Brennan Hawken: Yes. Sorry if I wasn't more specific. I just meant the reengagement post-Moody's, if you felt as though at this point folks are now fully back and reengaged.
Ruth Porat: It's hard to disaggregate what's going on in the macro from any particular, is there any particular lag. Our sense is that clients have reengaged and we're continuing to work to build market share with them. And it feels that it's pretty much been addressed, but I was actually very directly saying that we're continuing to drive share and looking at that. So it's hard to be more specific.
Brennan Hawken: Yes. No, that's fair. Aside from benefiting from the market conditions, more favorable market conditions as you highlighted, in the Commodities business, Goldman hit on weakness and specifically highlighted weakness there. Could you give some more color on how that business went this quarter for you guys?
Ruth Porat: Yes, it was -- commodities was up meaningfully versus last quarter. But as we noted, it was much lower last quarter. And that was due to a more favorable market environment. It is still down year-over-year. So I think some of the backdrop continued to be a bit challenging. And as we've discussed before, for us, the business is a mix of flow and structured solutions for clients, and it can be quite lumpy.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. And then last one for me. There was a good deal of noise made in the press on trends within FAs in Wealth Management. You never know how much of that's noise versus something real. So have you guys seen any uptick in defections post-integration? Have you seen any tangible evidence of dissatisfaction? I know the total FA headcount went up, but sometimes there's junior brokers that get at it and that can skew. So if you could give maybe some color on that, that'd be helpful.
Ruth Porat: Well, FA attrition continues to run at low levels. In fact, for the top 2 quintiles, which is what we typically call out, the attrition was lower in the third quarter than it has been for the last several quarters. And if you look at metrics like annual revenue per financial advisor or assets per financial advisor, all of the trends are going in the right direction. So there's always some movement in and out. Actually, this quarter, FAs are down a bit as it was between the first and second quarter. But attrition's lower than it has been. Or to put it differently, retention is running at higher levels.
Operator: The next question is from Richard Ramsden with Goldman Sachs.
Richard Ramsden: I've got a question around Basel III again. Given the uncertainty around the outcome of the final NPRs as well as given some of the questions around the model approval process, is it possible to give a range of outcome for what your Basel III numbers ultimately could be?
Ruth Porat: Well, the way we approach the Basel III guidance is it's based on, as I said, our current interpretation of the rules. What it does not include is the benefit of model approval, which is obviously a key part of the transition. And we view model approvals as incremental upside. And so what we'll do is layer that in as we get model approvals. I mean, there are certain models that are kind of more foundational, like IMM. But if you look at CRM model approval, which I think a number of people -- a number are coming back to, we don't include the benefit of CRM model approval. So for example, in the second quarter, I mentioned that we estimated that our Tier 1 common ratio would be up about 40 basis points based on the book at that point in time. And the reason we don't bake that into our guidance, our spot guidance, is as you know, even when you receive CRM model approval, you have to wait a year to incorporate the benefit in the calculation so that by any -- under any set of facts would be an event at least a year out. And given that the book changes and we're actively reducing it, the benefit changes as well. So although we're working to get model approval, we thought it was most prudent not to include the benefit of things like that in the guidance we give you and as we put it kind of greater than 9%, and that gives us the room to take it up as we get model approval.
Richard Ramsden: Okay. So to be clear, you haven't included CRM. How about things like stressed VAR and the incremental risk charge? Are those included in your number as well or not?
Ruth Porat: So CRM is not included, but things that -- I'll call them the kind of foundational models that move you from Basel I and II and through the various regimes, like IMM or IRB, are included. It's just the specific models that are available and that we're clearly working on to take risk-weighted assets down as with the CRM model.
Richard Ramsden: Okay. And what do you think is a reasonable time period in terms of getting full model approval from the Fed, i.e. is this something that's months out? Or do you think it could take longer than that?
Ruth Porat: Well, the reason we're not including it in our guidance is because we can't answer that question. So we're working on it, and I think it will take -- they seem to -- there's obviously a lot going on with the various moves from I to II to 2.5 and III. So I can't estimate the date, but we will provide updates as the models get approved.
Richard Ramsden: Okay. And then the second question I wanted to ask. Can you confirm buying out the remainder of Smith Barney doesn't have a significant capital impact? I think you've said that on a couple of occasions. Given that, when we think about capital returns next year, should we think about buying out the remainder of Smith Barney versus buying back stock as an either/or decision? Or do you think there's potentially room for you to do both?
Ruth Porat: Well, as I think James said, it's premature to judge the CCAR process. We haven't even seen the rules yet. But as you've seen from actions today and James' comments, the first priority is the Wealth Management joint venture, the additional 35%, given -- or portions that I've given, the strategic value of the business. So at this point, it's premature to judge CCAR.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-19 11:00:00) =====
Celeste Mellet Brown: Good morning. This is Celeste Mellet Brown, Head of Investor Relations at Morgan Stanley. Welcome to our Second Quarter Earnings Call. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements, which reflect management's current estimates or beliefs and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. The presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our SEC filings at www.morganstanley.com for a reconciliation on such non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP figures and for a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of Morgan Stanley. This presentation, which is copyrighted by Morgan Stanley and may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent, is not an offer to buy or sell any security or investment. I will now turn over the call to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James P. Gorman: Thank you, Celeste. Good morning, everyone. Ruth and I will now address our performance during the quarter. As you're all aware, tremendous political uncertainty in the second quarter was detrimental to the global capital markets, resulting in a very challenging environment for all aspects of our business. Weak demand flows and difficult conditions contributed to results in sales and trading. The environment for investment banking was likewise affected by the market backdrop. However, we maintained our top-tier rankings in announced M&A and global IPOs as well as a leading position in global equities. We continued to have momentum in equity capital markets and recently won several significant lead mandates that should enhance earnings once the fog of macro uncertainty lifts. GWM evidenced revenue and profitability resilience in a very challenging environment for retail investors. Despite the macro pressures that weighed on both retail engagement and new issue activity, revenues were commensurate with the prior quarter while margins improved to 12%, reflecting the benefits of the cost focus in that business. We also reached a major milestone for Morgan Stanley in the wealth management industry with the culmination of the MSSB integration. The integration was substantially completed on July 8, and we can now finally look forward to the benefits of a fully harmonized business with significant scale. Our Wealth Management business will considerably increase its value to our clients and financial advisors through superior functionality and to our shareholders through enhanced and stable earnings. Performance in traditional asset management held up and flows were again strong. Finally, our results evidenced continued comp and non-comp expense discipline across the firm with expenses down 17% year-over-year. We remain resolute in our commitment to maximize firm value and continue to shape our business for its success. There are 6 specific areas that represent new or continued steps in this regard, and I would now like to touch on each one. First, we persist in our efforts to optimize our balance sheet and business mix to best serve our clients. As you know, we have a strong Basel III capital ratio. We have reduced our Fixed Income and Commodities risk-weighted assets significantly since 2009 and by 15% alone since the end of the third quarter 2011. The reduction in risk-weighted assets has been driven by active management, including resolving legacy issues such as MBIA as well as passive runoff of all positions. We continue to reshape our Fixed Income businesses away from more complex structured product businesses to high-velocity, flow-oriented products. We intend to shrink these risk-weighted assets more dramatically through a combination of passive mitigation and active business unit management. By the end of 2013, we expect to drive fixed income risk-weighted assets to levels at least 25% below those at the third quarter 2011 and 30% below by the end of 2014, subject to final rules and regulatory changes. And we will continue to look for ways to drive additional value in this business. As I've said repeatedly, we're driving towards the right set of Fixed Income businesses for Morgan Stanley, those that makes sense to our client footprint and complement our strong equities and banking franchises. Second initiative. As I've also said before, we believe the scale economics and extraordinarily -- are extraordinarily important in wealth management as they are the key drivers to returns. As a result, we're taking steps to unlock value in our wealth management businesses outside of North America, starting with the recently completed Quilter sale. Across non-Japan Asia, we will align Wealth Management with the Institutional Equities and Investment Banking units to realize inherent cost synergies and revenue synergies among those businesses. We also have plans to align our Latin American Wealth Management business with our U.S. efforts. In doing so, these advisors and clients will move to the integrated platform, which now supports U.S.-based clients and allows us to further leverage the U.S. scale, service spreads and sophistication. And finally and importantly, in the European Wealth Management business, we're considering an array of strategic alternatives to enhance profitability. These moves should be incremental to the improvements we've already discussed in the past in GWM. Thirdly, we will remain vigilant in regards to all expenses as we have demonstrated over the past several quarters. Non-compensation expenses should further decline in the coming 12 months as expenses from the MSSB integration run off and as we actively manage our expense base across the rest of the firm. Fourthly, we are focused on headcount and expect to end 2012 approximately 7% lower across the firm than the end of 2011, driven by a combination of previously announced reductions in force as well as applying a very high bar for replacing natural attrition. Fifthly, our partnership with MUFG deepens every day and across all our businesses. We continue to work with our joint venture partners to identify opportunities to work together around the world. For example, in the second quarter, we and our partners executed a joint bridge loan facility for a leading diversified retailer in Latin America. Morgan Stanley then went on to act as an active joint book runner for the same company's IPO. Sixth and finally, we expect to complete the acquisition of the next 14% of MSSB in September. As is plainly evident in our results, the market and our circumstances were challenging in the second quarter. While it is still early days, we are seeing some signs of improvement in the third quarter. I'll now turn it over to Ruth to take you through our earnings in detail.
Ruth Porat: Good morning. I will provide both GAAP results and results excluding the effect of DVA. We have provided reconciliations in the footnotes to the earnings release to reconcile these non-GAAP measures. DVA in the quarter was positive $350 million with $74 million in equity sales and trading and $276 million in Fixed Income sales and trading. Excluding the impact of DVA, firm-wide revenues were $6.6 billion, down 26% sequentially. Noninterest expenses were $6 billion, down 11% versus the first quarter. Compensation expenses were $3.6 billion this quarter, down 18% sequentially, reflecting not only our view for the quarter but also our financial outlook for the year. Non-compensation expenses were $2.4 billion, up 3% from last quarter, reflecting seasonality, but were down 9% year-over-year. Earnings from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders were approximately $312 million. Earnings from continuing operations per diluted share were $0.16 after preferred dividends. On a reported or GAAP basis, firm-wide revenues for the first quarter were $7 billion, roughly flat to last quarter. Earnings from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders were approximately $536 million. Reported earnings from continuing operations per diluted share were $0.28 after preferred dividends. Book value at the end of the quarter was $31.02 per share. Tangible book value was $27.70 per share. Turning to the balance sheet on Page 4 of the supplement. Total assets were $754 billion at June 30, down from $781 billion last quarter, reflecting lower levels of client activity. Our liquidity reserve was $173 billion at the end of the quarter versus $179 billion last quarter. Our liquidity levels reflected an additional $6.5 billion reduction in debt outstanding in the quarter and $21 billion in the last 12 months, as well as $2.9 billion of collateral outflows associated with recent ratings actions. Deposits were up again this quarter to $68 billion from $66 billion. Although our calculations are not final, we believe that our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel I will be approximately 13.5% and our Tier 1 capital ratio will be approximately 17.1%. Risk-weighted assets under Basel I are expected to be approximately $317 billion at June 30. Subject to final rule-making but incorporating the recently codified Basel 2.5 guidance and our best estimate of the new Basel III NPR, our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III was just under 8.5% as of the end of the second quarter, assuming full Basel III inflation of risk-weighted assets and 0 benefit from future mitigation. We expect that our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III at the end of 2012 will be around 9%, reflecting continuing passive mitigation driven by position roll-off and consensus earnings with a modest benefit from the more active Fixed Income RWA management that James discussed. Now turning to our businesses in detail. Unless otherwise noted, all discussion of income statement metrics and segment results will exclude DVA for the remainder of my remarks in order to differentiate revenues associated with our business from those associated with our borrowings that result solely from our credit spreads. In Institutional Securities, revenues were $2.9 billion, down 42% sequentially. Noninterest expenses were $2.7 billion, down 18% versus the first quarter. The compensation ratio was 49%. Non-compensation expenses increased 6% from last quarter due to seasonality. The business reported a pretax profit of $158 million. In Investment Banking, revenues of $884 million were up 4% versus last quarter. According to Thomson Reuters, Morgan Stanley ranked #1 in global IPOs, #2 in global announced M&A at the end of the second quarter. Notable transactions included, in equity underwriting, the $16 billion IPO for Facebook and the $3 billion IPO for Felda Global Ventures which are the 2 largest IPOs priced globally this year. In advisory, Anheuser-Busch InBev's $20 billion acquisition of Grupo Modelo SAB. And in debt underwriting, the $5 billion investment grade debt offering for GlaxoSmithKline capital. Advisory revenues of $263 million were down 16% versus the first quarter, driven by lower fees across all regions. Equity underwriting revenues were $283 million, a 65% increase from the first quarter, reflecting stronger revenues in the Americas, partially offset by modest issuance levels in Europe. Fixed Income underwriting revenues of $338 million were down 8% versus last quarter, reflecting lower revenues from investment grade and high-yield issuance, partially offset by stronger loan syndication fees. Equity sales and trading revenues were $1.14 billion, a decrease of 38% from last quarter. Results reflect challenging markets and lower industry-wide liquidity and volume. Despite lower volumes, our client franchise remains strong as evidenced by increased market share across most products. Prime brokerage revenues increased sequentially and at a faster rate than balance growth. Fixed Income and Commodities sales and trading revenues were $770 million. Revenues were down 70% versus our strong first quarter results. Results in the quarter primarily reflect a challenging market and lower levels of client activity. Results also reflect meaningfully lower revenues from commodities after a strong first quarter that included a number of structured solutions for clients. Finally, results include period-specific items associated with the ratings action of approximately $225 million. The other sales and trading line reflects negative revenues of $11 million compared with negative $286 million last quarter. Included in other sales and trading net revenue is the net positive impact of $76 million for adjustments related to certain derivative positions not qualifying as hedges of net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries. Turning to VAR. Our average aggregated VAR by primary risk category for the quarter was $81 million versus $72 million in the first quarter and $135 million in the prior year. Period-end total VAR was $85 million at the end of the second quarter compared to $78 million at the end of the first quarter. Average total VAR was $91 million this quarter versus $84 million in the first quarter using a 4-year data series. Turning to Global Wealth Management. Revenues of $3.3 billion were down 3% versus the prior quarter, driven primarily by lower retail activity. Asset management revenues were up 7%, benefiting from higher asset levels at the end of the first quarter. Transactional revenues declined 19% from last quarter, consisting primarily of commissions of $531 million, which decreased 16% from last quarter, reflecting low levels of client activity, Investment Banking-related fees of $223 million, which increased 9% versus last quarter, driven by particularly strong activity in closed-end funds and trading revenues of $222 million, which were down 40% versus the first quarter, reflecting markdowns in deferred compensation plans. Noninterest expenses were $2.9 billion, down 4% from last quarter. The compensation ratio was 60% versus 62% in the first quarter. Non-compensation expenses were $918 million, flat to the last quarter. Expenses related to the integration were $79 million in the quarter and will decline from here. Profit before tax was $393 million while the PBT margin was 12%, up from last quarter despite a decline in revenues, reflecting our expense control efforts in this business. The $61 million gain from discontinued operations after-tax includes a $108 million pretax gain from the previously announced sale of Quilter. NCI for the quarter was $81 million, up slightly from $74 million in the first quarter. NCI this quarter includes $8 million related to Quilter. Total client assets decreased slightly to $1.7 trillion due to market depreciation. Global fee-based asset inflows were $4 billion. Fee-based assets under management declined to $526 billion at quarter end due to market depreciation but were up 6% year-over-year. Global representatives at quarter end were 16,934. Bank deposits were $112 billion at the end of the quarter with approximately $58 billion held in Morgan Stanley banks. As James mentioned, we have reached a major milestone in this business. The integration was substantially completed 2 weeks ago when we moved the final wave of Smith Barney Financial Advisors onto the new platform. The final transition was executed on plan. In the 3 waves of legacy Smith Barney Financial Advisor and client migration that started in February, we transferred over $900 billion in assets, 7 years of transaction history comprised of approximately 2 billion documents and over 47 million client positions. Additionally, the transition included significant training for employees moving onto the new platform, which enhances both the financial advisor and client experience. Asset Management revenues of $456 million were down from $533 million in the first quarter, due primarily to lower valuations. In Traditional Asset Management, revenues of $337 million were flat compared to the first quarter. In Real Estate Investing, revenues of $122 million were down 16% versus last quarter. Due to the ownership structure of these funds, the majority of these revenues are passed to third-party investors in the noncontrolling interest line. In Merchant Banking, revenues were negative $3 million compared with positive $45 million in the first quarter, driven primarily by markdowns in Asia. Compensation expense was $214 million in the quarter, down from $218 million in the first quarter. Profit before tax was $43 million, down from $128 million last quarter. NCI was $23 million versus $65 million last quarter. And total AUM increased to $311 billion, driven by net inflows of $13 billion, partially offset by market depreciation. In conclusion, results in the second quarter reflect a challenging market backdrop. We expect markets will continue to be affected by slow global growth and the challenges in the Eurozone. However, some of the more Morgan Stanley-specific issues are receding and we look forward to more business-as-usual performance. As James commented at the outset, we are further driving returns in our business through actions including ongoing emphasis on capital optimization, leveraging economies of scale and wealth management, driving further expense and headcount reduction and creating greater efficiencies in funding. With respect to business trends in the near to medium term, we expect activity levels to remain highest in the Americas followed by Asia. We expect the challenges in Europe will continue to weigh on activity levels in the near term. However, we look forward to normalcy in Europe at some point given the strength of our franchise there. And when the discussion about outlook is more about economic growth and less about political risks, there's further operating leverage in the business. In Investment Banking, we continue to benefit from our leadership positions and have a healthy pipeline. In our trading businesses, we are becoming more effective by leveraging adjacencies across products and clients as well as investments in technology. In retail wealth management, we are pleased to have all of our financial advisors integrated on one platform. Thank you for listening, and James and I will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Roger Freeman with Barclays.
Roger A. Freeman: I guess -- thanks for your comments on what you think some of the sort of direct impact of the Moody's downgrade was. Have you seen -- was most of that, that you could quantify, before the actual downgrades or after and have you seen any change in behavior as the full impact of this has settled in?
Ruth Porat: So there are a couple of pieces to it. The portion that I quantified, the $225 million, came after the Moody's downgrade. So to be clear, it was associated with valuation allowances and contract adjustments. There are a couple of items we can't quantify. For example, our bankers spend a lot of time with clients and counter-parties throughout the period, addressing questions they may have had and that's time which otherwise would have been spent capturing new business. And as the quarter wore on with increasing speculation on rates, on the ratings outcome, some clients seemed to take a wait-and-see approach. So those are tougher to quantify but we certainly felt, in particular given the elongated deliberation process, that it did weigh towards the end of the quarter. Overall, with the ratings action on the sector finally resolved, we are seeing real relief and clients have reengaged. It's helpful to have that uncertainty addressed.
Roger A. Freeman: Okay. And has there been any utilization of clients, particularly like pension funds, that are kind of more sensitive to transacting with the bank?
Ruth Porat: So if you're asking, has much gone into the derivative sub, there's not much of note. We have seen an acceleration of foreign exchange into the bank. We've seen -- we've been writing more new foreign exchange business in the bank.
Roger A. Freeman: Okay. And then just last question on this topic. The collateral postings, it looks like you've posted a little less than half of what you're potentially obligated to. Is that just a function of the other half not having been called?
Ruth Porat: So we posted the $2.9 billion. Just to give you an update on the total collateral subject to call, it's actually a bit lower than in our first quarter Q. We had an estimate of $6.8 billion in the first quarter. It's now ballpark around $6.3 billion. I think it's fair to say that we've been pleased with the pace of call, it's just been very measured, which, in our view, underscores that clients have comfort, real comfort, with the firm. Since the end of the quarter, in July, we've had another $800 million called. But again this pace does seem to be quite measured. We do expect more to be called going forward. Hard to forecast how much that is, but as we've talked about on prior calls, we are fully reserved for the full amount of potential collateral call and the sizing of our liquidity reserve.
Roger A. Freeman: Right, okay. And just last question overall. The -- you talked about some of the -- some initiatives, streamlining within the units, focus on headcount. Any rough quantifications, maybe given current sort of run rates, what that -- what impact or benefit they're going to have to run rate expenses?
Ruth Porat: No.
Operator: The next question will come from Howard Chen with Crédit Suisse.
Howard Chen: James, on Fixed Income, the targets you mentioned at the beginning of the call appear like a meaningful strategic shift on the rebuild that, again, before you took the helm. The RWA targets are interesting, but it'd be really helpful to just hear exactly what and where you want the firm to be in the Fixed Income businesses today and how quickly you want to get there, and maybe what were some of the drivers of that thinking if, in fact, you agree with what I'm saying.
James P. Gorman: Sure, I'll let Ruth some of the targets on where we are and then I'll let you know where we're going to end up.
Ruth Porat: So the focus is continuing to be on fixed income optimization. As Colm and Kenny have talked about for quite some time, they focus on share capital efficiency and cost structure, and we're focused on ensuring that our footprint is consistent with what we need to do strategically. So we have a cohesive suite of products that is consistent with the strength we have across our platform, beginning with Investment Banking, what we're doing on the institutional equities side and a number of areas within Fixed Income. But there are certain businesses within the Fixed Income that may be nice to have, but they're not necessary and they're RWA-intensive and that's really what James was getting at in the reduction in risk-weighted assets that we're focused on driving. So down 15% from the third quarter to the second quarter, targeting being down 25% in aggregate by 2013 and we're really targeting active business unit management. So this essentially doubles the RWA reduction from the business. I think the other point is as we reduce more complex areas, it's not just the capital benefit, but there's a funding benefit and an expense benefit as well.
James P. Gorman: Yes, I'd just add I sort of see it as a couple of different chapters. The first was we had some legacy positions that, for the last couple of years we've had to deal with, and you have to deal with that artfully. You don't want to take unnecessary pain and we've worked our way out of those positions. I think the most significant, obviously, was the Republic of Italy and the MBIA exposures and so on. The second is that we've been building our footprint on the flow side of the business, which also has been a couple of years in the working. And the third is now adjusting the focus on particularly the heavier risk-weighted asset businesses, which we have been and increasingly have been more aggressive on and are reflective of the environment and the world as we see it going forward. We've consistently said that our focus is going to be on the flow, high-velocity, lighter risk-weighted asset businesses. And if anything, that focus has been -- the dial has been turned up on that.
Howard Chen: Okay, great. Understood, that's helpful. Just on the FID RWA reduction targets, I just want to confirm that's on Basel III basis. And then for starting point purposes, what's the FID RWA today on Basel III, Ruth?
Ruth Porat: That is on a Basel III basis and we -- what we've been doing is guiding to an overall Basel III ratio, not breaking out RWAs by business for the firm.
Howard Chen: Okay. The reason I asked, I guess, is if FID is the majority of the firm's RWA and let's just say it's $300 billion and you put 10% equity against that, that's $30 billion and that's larger than the market cap of the company today. I'm just curious, is there -- where are you, James and Ruth, in terms of more transformational thinking within the business because that just seems incorrect in my opinion.
Ruth Porat: Well I guess there are a couple of points in there. Our risk-weighted assets, obviously, are across the business, GWM, our MSIM business, in the lending business and smaller, obviously, in institutional equities. So we're trying to give you a sense of the decline in risk-weighted assets or more important strategically what we're driving within our Fixed Income business.
James P. Gorman: I would add to it, Howard. I understand exactly what you're saying. If all the risk-weighted assets and capital are tied up in that business, why wouldn't we be more aggressive? I think what Ruth is saying is it's not quite as simple as that. We have risk-weighted assets and capital tied up across the firm. That said, in the areas where it is most lumpy and has generated the least returns, we are being the most aggressive and will be increasingly so. It's a balancing act here of not throwing the baby out with the bath water. We have some great businesses within Fixed Income and we had obviously a very difficult quarter. There's no -- we're not going to hide from that in Fixed Income. It's a tough quarter and a disappointing quarter. But we have some great businesses within there and we need to manage that very, very carefully going forward, which is what we're doing.
Operator: The next question will come from Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: So it was helpful to hear that the business is clearly impacted by the potential action from Moody's and given that clients have reengaged was hoping maybe you could help us think about how the quarter progressed, right? Things seem to have got drawn out by Moody's in June. And so was June particularly rough and was a lot of the impact focused in FICC? Can you help us think about just year-over-year how all of that look?
Ruth Porat: You're absolutely right. I think the elongation of the deliberation really just started to weigh on us, clients, counter-parties as it dragged on. And June, you just felt it was -- whether it was fatigue, waiting, it was -- we just certainly felt it weighing as we got towards the end of the quarter, and we're pleased that it finally was resolved. And I think it was exacerbated by the ongoing concerns about the Eurozone and just led to speculation about what the ratings outcome might be. And as I said, clients seemed to take this wait-and-see approach, but it got heavier as it ended. And finally, the third week in June finally resolved. So we have seen a real release, as I said, and it was primarily affecting the Fixed Income business. And so not only did you have the weight of kind of clients' wait-and-see plus our bankers focused on trying to ensure they had what they needed, but then the $225 million as we have the collateral at that last week or 1.5 weeks of the month come out.
Brennan Hawken: Right. So if we -- I mean just looking at that sort of 9 95 [ph], assuming thats the sort of adjusted x DVA FICC for that 225, if we make assumptions that, okay, June was really weak and then we run rate that, it looks like x June, things were sort of closer to the back half of 2011. The reason I'm asking or trying to get at this is I'm trying to get at what the actual run rate really was in the quarter x this unusual onetime event, which now is -- as we all know is clearly behind you.
Ruth Porat: Right. Well, there were a couple of things. There was the macro backdrop and you've added obviously the 225 back appropriately. I think the other thing that I noted was our commodities was much weaker. It tends to be a lumpy business. We called it out on prior quarters because it's a mix of both flow and structured solutions for clients. We had a number of structured solutions for clients last quarter. We didn't have any this quarter. So the drag was exacerbated by the lower results there as well.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. And then on equities, I noticed that VAR ticked up and the results were not so terrific. Were there any positional losses there, or is there any color in equities on that font?
Ruth Porat: No. Actually, VAR -- just to address that, VAR was up modestly versus last quarter. It was really more in the rates line. But I would say we're continuing to run at historically low levels. If I point you back to the same period last quarter and if you look at that line aggregation of primary risk category, so it takes out the noise from MBIA last year, we were at the $135 million of VAR last year, down to $81 million this past quarter. And so we're still running at low levels relative to the past prior years, and we think that's very prudent. That's the way we're running the business. So wanted just to make sure we were clear on that. And then with respect to equities, when you see the trading histogram for the firm overall, it moved a bit to the left, but we did not have trading losses there. We're profitable across the businesses it was just lower levels of activity.
Brennan Hawken: Okay, okay. And then how about PB? Did you -- was there the similar themes to what you highlighted as far as the downgrade where there was a great deal of lost productivity and such in that business?
Ruth Porat: Actually in our prime brokerage business, revenues were up, clients were up and balances were up. And as I noted in my opening comments, revenues outpaced balance growth. So we felt very good about that business.
Brennan Hawken: That's great. Okay, last one for me. If we could just get a feel for what net new assets were in the quarter and maybe if we could put in a request to reconsider disclosing that number. I know that you guys are focused on the fee-paying accounts, but just -- it'd be helpful just to get a sense of risk appetite among retail investors and the folks that are in the transactional business.
Ruth Porat: The reason we moved to disclosing managed money is that's the way Greg Fleming and the team are running the business and we think it gives you a better indication of the results in the business. So that's where we're managing it and that's why that's what we're disclosing.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. Any chance to know what the net new assets were this quarter?
Ruth Porat: I don't have them with me.
Operator: The next question will come from Glenn Schorr with Nomura.
Glenn Schorr: A quick one on Commodities first. You mentioned twice the no-structured solutions in the quarter. Curious if you think that's a function of just flat out lower prices and less incentive to hedge on behalf of clients?
Ruth Porat: No, as I mentioned, it tends to be a lumpy business and this quarter there were fewer of them. We expect the forward quarters there will be some more. We're just not going to -- we don't forecast when they come. So at this point, no.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. And then I guess the broader question on FICC and apologize to both if I'm misinterpreting this. What I heard was the strategy is pretty similar to the past. You've put a lot of the legacy issues behind or if not all of them. The strategy sounds very similar. It's that you were going to run a much tighter ship on -- lower RWA and tighter on costs in FICC, which I think is what people do want. I just don't know if you had the same level of confidence in the ability to take share and grow revenues in that business. So somewhere in there is a question, I apologize.
Ruth Porat: No, there was a lot in there. Look, as I said Colm and Kenny have been focused on share capital efficiency and cost discipline. And we put in place tight governance around RWA management, so that we can drive down those RWA improvements that James articulated. And that's still with the notion, the key driving factor being what's the strategic suite of products that we need to have the strength in our core franchise. And so, again, what -- you'll see real rigor there and it's not about -- we look at the business not about how big it is, but about what's the returns in the business and are we placed and positioned where we want to be strategically. I think the other thing that we're doing is continuing to leverage not just client strength and market share positions across our franchise, but we're also leveraging what we're doing on the technology side. So there's a lot of talk about electronification in the market and we're benefiting from, for example, the leading MSET platform that we have on the equities side. And what that does is it helps both execution and analytics. So on the execution side, where we're focused -- and I've talked about this on a number of prior calls, markets with discontinuities and rapid throughput, very much in the foreign exchange market. I've talked about the increasing gains that we've had there. Derivatives also benefits. We're using or can use our MSET passport products to see what's in the SEF to place orders. And we've talked a lot about our commitment to central clearing and how we've invested there and you've seen some early wins with clients. And technology also, on the analytic side, helps improve service. So, for example, transaction cost analysis is something that we think is valuable. So what we're doing is providing clients with greater transparency and hopefully liquidity. But the main point here is we're leveraging a real asset we have on the institutional equities side to the benefit of where the Fixed Income market is going and we're rightsizing what we're doing on the Fixed Income side similarly to play off of the strengths we have within Institutional Securities.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. Last one, on comp. Obviously, comp ratios get amplified when revenues have a tough time, and this is a tough time. But it also makes me think that sometimes there's a certain floor and so let's maybe just stick with Institutional Securities. I hate using that word, but is there a certain level that comp can't really go below without something bigger happening? And maybe if you could comment on the impact of prior period deferreds.
Ruth Porat: So the way we look at comp is we look at it really again through all the levers we have to control to manage the compensation expense as efficiently as possible. We -- and so we accrue to an estimate for the full year. Obviously, we're only halfway through the year, and relatively strong quarters like last quarter we can accrue more dollars and it's at lower rates. But that shows really the operating leverage and a better environment. And then in tough quarters like this we reduce dollars and that underscores the cost discipline. But the way we think about is we want to drive returns, we want to ensure we can the pay people who are driving returns and we need to make sure that we're doing all that we can to use those compensation dollars most efficiently. That's why we talked about headcount reductions. That's why we established the Office of Re-engineering to do things like continue to drive location sourcing, moving people who don't need to be in centers like New York City to places like our Baltimore outsource location here in the States. So again, it's a number of levers that help us drive down what's that fixed cost component of it and how do we manage overall the compensation expense.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. Just one last important one is, your Basel III is better than everybody else for the most part. How will you use that to benefit you? In other words, you're going through the process with MSSB now. There's going to be a price whether you agree on it or it goes through arbitration. How do you balance accelerating the rest of MSSB or buying back stock if it has a tangible book? What's a better Basel III going to do for you?
Ruth Porat: We think what a better Basel III and strong capital ratios do for us now is underscore the strength of the franchise. What we've done with capital and what we've done with liquidity are both, as I've called them in the past, really a fortified foundation and that's a positive for the firm. We think that, over time, that will continue to give us greater flexibility with options to return capital to shareholders in -- with the kind of uncertainty in the macro environment. I think where we are today is very prudent and with the strategic opportunity in front of us, as you said, we have the immediate use of capital. But overall, accreting capital gives us degrees of flexibility.
Operator: The next question will come from Kian Abouhossein with JPMorgan.
Kian Abouhossein: Could you just briefly discuss NPR2. If that's on an internal basis or standardized basis? And within that risk-weighted asset Basel III, Basel 2.5 framework, can you also maybe give us a bit of an indication of how large your market risk-weighted assets are at this point considering the rules are finalized?
Ruth Porat: Sure. So there's a lot in that question as well. Why don't I start with, first, building up our spot in 2012 Basel III and then I'll go to the standardized approach and hopefully can get most of your questions in that. What we try to do is guide conservatively based on our best estimates of the rules as they continue to evolve. So at the end of the first quarter, we guided to a spot of 8% to 9% and obviously the Basel 2.5 rules weren't final at that point. And as I said then, the high end of the range assumed the international version of Basel 2.5 and the low end assumed our best assessment of the most likely worst case interpretation of Basel 2.5 NPR. And with 2.5 now done, codified, we ended up essentially in the midpoint of the range. But since then, the Basel III NPR rules were also introduced and we're focused on both the numerator and the denominator and that's what led us to our best estimate for spot, at the end of the second quarter was just under 8.5%. And as I said, that's full Basel III inflation, no mitigation. In other words, our second quarter earnings were more than offset by our assessment of the change in rules under Basel III NPR and that flows through as we roll forward to the end of 2012, approximately 9% by year-end 2012. And then, as it relates to your question about the standardized approach, I think there are 2 questions that keep coming up on standardized approach, one being about the Collins floor, and we are well above the minimum, which is obviously what the test is about. But I think, what you're really getting at is the impact on the correlation book under CRM model approval. So assuming we had model approval, our Tier 1 common ratio would be about 40 basis points higher assuming the book remains the same size it is as at the end of the second quarter. We are obviously working hard to get model approval, but we have not included the benefit of model approval in the numbers we've given you given the timing around -- even when you receive here our model approval, you have to wait a year to see the benefit. So to the extent -- I leave it to you whether you add that 40 basis points onto the guidance that I've given you, but we did not include the 40 basis points in our guidance.
Kian Abouhossein: That's very detailed. The second question is regarding CVA. You mentioned you have another $800 million of -- first of all, the $2.9 billion of collateral that you have to put up, can I put that in relation to the $225 million CVA charge and can I then use that to, very simplistically, say, okay, there's another $800 million that you've done on the third quarter, maybe that's even going up, i.e., it's something like $13 million -- for every $13 million of collateral you're putting up roughly $1 million of CVA. Should we assume basically further CVA impact in the third quarter? And what I'm doing, is that correct, $225 million where there's $2.9 billion?
Ruth Porat: Well, the most important point is that we're working to risk-mitigate any additional impact. And so I don't want to suggest there that you can do this straight-through extension. I think your proxy looking at the $225 million relative to the $2.9 billion, I'll leave that to you. But it's not all a valuation allowance. As we said it's a valuational -- it's primarily a valuation allowance. There were some contract adjustments, so it's a bit less than what you've looked at there.
Kian Abouhossein: And should you move to CCP some of the collateral? I assume you still have to put up CVA so far based on the proposal so far. So that shouldn't really help you. What I'm trying to understand is how could you mitigate this additional -- the additional charges?
Ruth Porat: Yes, we're working through a number of different execution paths there.
Kian Abouhossein: Okay. Lastly, on FICC. I hate to come back to that question of the risk-weighted asset reductions. The way I understand is you want to reduce capital-intensive businesses. These are normally your strong business, i.e., if I look on the Basel III and 2.5, that's commodities and credits, which historically was -- in FICC, have been your strong businesses. Can you talk a little bit about the revenue impact? And can you be maybe a little bit more specific also on the impact -- does it -- is it actually exiting certain business lines within these areas? Or is it maybe some geographical impact that we should be expecting from this?
Ruth Porat: We've highlighted in the past the areas that are heavy RWA and actually can be heavy funding requirements as well, but heavy RWA that aren't within that very tight strategic circle that I talked about, that James talked about. And they would really include structured credit and sub-investment grade securitization so we're still -- we have -- we're still active in various parts of the mortgage market. But there are parts of it -- some investment grade where we can reduce what we're doing, structure credit the same. I would say that commodities and credit, as you've indicated, are strong business is credit, being one of our strongest and very central to that strategic circle I talked about and similarly commodities has had strength over many years. So I'll point you back to prior comments consistently regarding the other areas.
Operator: The next question will come from Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo.
Matthew H. Burnell: The first question I have relates to the drop in corporate lending commitments. I'm just curious as to -- if you can provide some color as to what's going on there. Does that imply a substantially lower risk appetite, or was there a specific transaction that got done? Or could you provide some color on that?
Ruth Porat: No, we have continued lending. I think that what I'd point you to is our growth in HFI -- and I want to make sure you're looking at the entire picture, we have been increasing HFI balances. They're up meaningfully about 40% of our lending book now. I don't want to suggest that the rate of growth you've seen in the first half of the year is what you'll continue to see. We obviously moved to HFI. And I think that's Page 8 in the supplement. If you look at the 2 pieces combined, you'll see that we continue to be active there. And as James said, we're very pleased with what we're able to continue to do with our partner, MUFG, and there's a real power to the combination through our lending activities together.
Matthew H. Burnell: I would just like to follow up on the higher value at risk in terms of the interest rate and credit spread numbers. Is there -- was that due to volatility in the quarter, or was there something else going on there? Sorry for reiterating an earlier question, but...
Ruth Porat: No, that's fine. It's really just due to the mix of client activity and market volatility. But again, I'd point you to where it has run over the prior 3 years and it continues to be -- we continue to run it at lower levels.
Operator: The next question will come from Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Michael Mayo: I'm just trying to reconcile 2 of your goals; one goal from, at least, last year, if not more recently, is to increase the market share in the Fixed Income trading business from 6% to 8% and reconcile that with the new target to reduce risk-weighted assets by 30% by the end of 2014. If those 2 goals collide, which one is more important?
Ruth Porat: Well, as I said, we're focused on share and capital efficiency and cost discipline, and we're continuing to drive share and share growth in areas that stay within that strategic circle. I keep coming back to that term for lack of a better one. But, for example, our rates business was up year-over-year. We've invested in it, it's a core part of the franchise. Corporate credit, as we have already talked about, is a key part of the business. So when we're looking and defining the businesses that are RWA-heavy, and in fact, it very much goes to the opportunities that we see in other areas, then it's about increased balance sheet velocity, which Colm and Kenny and all of us have talked about for quite some time that we're driving in our flow business. And so returns are most important. We're not going for size for size's sake, but we see that in the areas in which we're competing, we have opportunity for additional share growth and that's what we're driving, again leveraging the strength across Institutional Securities.
Michael Mayo: So a little bit of an evolution, more toward returns as opposed to growth?
Ruth Porat: That's probably fair to say.
Michael Mayo: And then I'm looking at Page 5 of the supplement. And you have $22 billion of your Tier 1 capital allocated to Institutional Securities. That's a little bit over 1/2 of the total firm. And my question is when it comes to trading businesses or Fixed Income trading businesses, are you reducing risk-weighted assets enough? I mean you're penalized by the regulators, you're penalized by the rating agencies, you're probably penalized by investors to some degree. And a lot of these securities will be traded electronically, if everything goes to plan. So why not reduce the risk-weighted assets more dramatically?
Ruth Porat: And that is what we're doing. As I said, we have governance around driving risk-weighted assets down. We're going to continue to drive them down while, again, balancing what we believe drives the greatest returns for all of our stakeholders going back to A, what's the strategic lens; and B, what else can we be doing leveraging technology and other strengths in the business. But we are very, I think, consistent with what you're asking, driving RWAs down and have a governance process around that to deliver lower RWAs where we don't -- where we feel it's most appropriate.
James P. Gorman: And I think, Mike, I mean what becomes dramatically if we're down 30% from the third quarter of '11 in risk-weighted assets by the end of '13, that's obviously a very significant shift. We've taken a lot of capital out of the merchant banking businesses and we'll continue doing that consistent with the Volcker Rule. All the prop businesses that we've exited, few little stakes that we have in different pieces that have been floating around, the strategic investments made every -- part of the last decade or so we've been slowly working our way out of, but we don't want to do it where we're taking unnecessarily damage -- unnecessarily damaging ourselves. So there is underneath this, if you aggregate the pieces, I would argue a pretty significant transformation. But we've also got to be mindful, as I think you pointed out earlier, we're balancing obviously revenues in some very strong businesses within Fixed Income and sales and trading with exiting on a prudent, sort of not patient, an aggressive timetable, but not a reckless timetable.
Michael Mayo: And then last follow-up. So if Institutional Securities takes up 1/2 of your capital today, where do you think that might be 3 to 5 years from now, a fourth, a third?
James P. Gorman: I don't know you whether we want to wing that.
Michael Mayo: But less?
James P. Gorman: Yes, obviously. The capital makes it look whole corporation's coming down. We hold a lot of capital at the parent level where, as Ruth pointed out under Basel III, we're, I guess, a tad below or somewhere below 8.5. We feel like on any comparative measure -- I mean it's one thing to have to go and raise capital and maybe have high returns in the short run versus having low returns and having the capital already in-house, and that's the position we're in. And over time, as we restructure, bring down the risk-weighted assets, obviously we'll get much more active on the capital management side, which is what something I know all shareholders, including us, are looking forward to doing.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Carrier with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Carrier: First on the MSSB business. If the integration costs are going to start coming down in the next couple of quarters, does anything change on your margin outlook? And I guess, more importantly, you mentioned a lot of other things kind of outside the U.S. that you're working on, I mean using the U.S. as generating more efficiencies. So does anything change if we're still in this rate environment? Or do you still need rates and market as a tailwind to get to that longer-term 20%?
Ruth Porat: So the mid-teens margin by mid-next year is the -- we're still on track for that and that was predicated upon the integration being done and integration-related expenses coming off, so there's no news in that. The discussion we have -- are having regarding what we're doing with our International Wealth Management businesses are modestly additive to that mid-teens by mid-next year target. And as we look at the longer-term higher target it's still predicated on a lift from rates or equity markets. As we've talked about 50 basis points in said funds is 1 point on PBT margin, and at some point, rates will revert to the mean. So that is still additive. But that is how we build it up over time. Still very much on track and the International Wealth Management is modestly additive.
Michael Carrier: And then on the expenses. As part of that reengineering effort, the $1.4 billion, does that take into consideration everything that you're talking about on the fixed side in terms of reducing the risk-weighted assets, reducing the cost or would that be incremental? And then on top of that, just given the environment and given that $1.4 billion kind of target through 2014, has anything changed to force that up or anything more material?
Ruth Porat: So the Office of Re-engineering was set up quite some time ago to look at reengineering bigger parts of the business like what are we doing with technology structure and outsourcing or legal entity consolidation, things like that. We're very much on track for the $500 million run rate excess from this year and $1.4 billion that we talked about. What we've discussed today and the benefit of this incremental drive on non-comp expense is additive to the Office of Re-engineering. So I think a simple way to think about it is there's the Office of Re-engineering. There are the ongoing tactical expense initiatives that we've talked about and this adds -- the added drive on non-comp, comp-related items adds to our savings. And to be clear, in the Office of Re-engineering there is a component that's compensation and non-compensation related because we're fundamentally reengineering certain parts of the business. But the items that James went through this morning are additive.
James P. Gorman: And I think that, to be fair, the bar for incremental expenses for things that are not obviously investments driving really visible revenues is extremely high. We're -- like everybody else in the banking industry at the moment, there are a limited number of things you can control about the external environment. So we're controlling what we spend very carefully, and we'll continue to so.
Michael Carrier: Okay. And then last question, 2 items that are  typically unforecastable. But the other sales and trading just x the adjustment this quarter expect to go back to that run rate loss? And then on the tax rate, same thing, a bit lower? A lot of moving pieces this quarter but expect it to go back to more -- a normal level?
Ruth Porat: Well, as you said, the other sales and trading is hard to forecast because there are a lot of different items in that line item. With respect of the tax rate, I can hopefully give you a little more guidance although the tax rate's obviously a function of geographic mix. But we would guide to still approximately 30% in the third quarter. But as I said it's a function of geographic mix and the second quarter was affected by the estimate of full year DVA, so that moves around as well. But best estimate at this point, for what it's worth, is 30%.
Operator: The final question will come from Douglas Sipkin with Susquehanna.
Douglas Sipkin: Just wanted to focus in a little bit more on the Global Wealth business. Looks like it's a little bit trickier quarter for some of the metrics. The brokerage headcount, and I guess, the percentage of assets with -- the percentage of brokers with wealthy clients. How much of this is sort of related to sort of this sort of being the final integration? Or I mean is there something else that maybe you guys can address, or was it really just sort of the all the uncertainty around the ratings and things like that? If you could address that, that'd be helpful.
Ruth Porat: Thank you. So we've talked over the last several quarters about focusing on the quality rather than the quantity of financial advisors. And the number is down this quarter, but again consistent with that strategic prioritization. Where we really focus is what's the retention of our top performers and the attrition in our top 2 quintiles is consistent with prior quarters, which we view as a positive, very much to your question about the impact of platform integration. Given the low attrition while going through platform integration we do view that as a real positive because human nature is people don't like change. The way the team is managing it is to do what they can to increase the productivity of financial advisors, and I think one very good example is the way they restructured the training programs. So we have reduced the number of trainees, incoming trainees, from 2,000 down to 1,250. And the view is that, that does quite a number of things for us. One, it raises the bar on the group that we bring into train. It allows us to do a much deeper job training them. We attach them to mentors and branches. And overall, we've seen a 30% increase in the success rate. So reduce the incoming number of people, not only is that helpful overall for the incoming people but -- and their productivity, but also non-compensation expenses benefit because we have fewer people coming in. But this is just an example of the types of things we're doing to focus on productivity and quality rather than the number. And in terms of the AUM for the $1 million-plus that you noted, what we see is kind of more seasonal pattern that anything. It's drifted down in the last several years in the second quarter as well.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay, great. And then could you guys provide any more specifics about guidance around integration charges for the remainder of the year? I know you guys mentioned it'd be coming down, but could you put any hard numbers do that in either Q3 or Q4 or just for the second half?
Ruth Porat: Well, historically they were running in the $80 million to $100 million area. It was $80 million in the second quarter. It does decline -- I'm not going to do a flag quantifying what that will be in the third or fourth quarter. But it comes down through the next several quarters for the obvious reason, done with integration. But we are running a number of things in parallel. So for example, data retention, we're continuing to keep people employed to ensure we're doing the right things with respect to data quality. We're also continuing training in the field. And we also have software capitalization kicking in. So we've got a number of additional items that's somewhat down.
James P. Gorman: I think just to add to that, that the mix, as Ruth said, is changing from building the technology to training the people to use it to capitalizing the software that it's based upon. So that's sort of a mix change. And I think the third quarter, obviously with the transaction we'll be doing with Citibank, will be a little messier as we get through that, but the outlook is clearly the mix change and the volume change.
Celeste Mellet Brown: All right. Thank you so much for joining our second quarter call, and we look forward to speaking to you again in October.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-19 12:00:00) =====
Celeste Brown: Good morning. This is Celeste Brown, Head of Investor Relations at Morgan Stanley. Welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements which reflect management's current estimates or beliefs and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. The presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our SEC filings at www.morganstanley.com for a reconciliation on such non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP figures and for a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of Morgan Stanley. This presentation, which is copyrighted by Morgan Stanley and may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent, is not an offer to buy or sell any security or instrument. I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James P. Gorman: Thank you, Celeste. Good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to be here with Ruth to discuss our first quarter results today. There were several significant highlights in the quarter, but it's important to remind you of some of the steps we've taken to reach this point. For the past 2 years, our team has systematically executed in a number of areas including: selling certain assets and eliminating legacy positions to move beyond the crisis; rebuilding and investing in the client footprint in Institutional Securities, implementing the MSSB integration; increasing fee-based assets and improving the profit margin in that business; deepening and strengthening our partnership with MUFG; building and maintaining a conservative capital, liquidity and leverage profile; and finally, not unimportantly, maintaining strong expense discipline. While this has been a long and at times, arduous journey, our results this quarter are evidence we're on the right track. Ruth will take you through the GAAP results in detail, but let me underscore a few things. x DVA, our revenue, net earnings, EPS and ROE for the quarter were among the highest since the financial crisis. ROE was over 9%. IC revenues were particularly strong with significant progress in Fixed Income, driven by improved balance sheet velocity and VAR efficiency. This was coupled with continued strength in equities despite challenging markets. We reached an important milestone in the quarter with the successful move for the first wave of legacy Smith Barney Advisors to our new technology platform, with the rest to follow in early May and early July. We are just 11 weeks away from completion of this integration. Our strategic partnership with MUFG continues to grow as we deepen client relationships and leverage our combined balance sheet to deliver financial solutions. Finally, we have delivered on the promise of expense control. We're disciplined in the approach to compensation, and while overall compensation expense rose, of course, with higher revenues, the actions we've taken in the last few years, we meaningfully reduced the ratio, striking a balance between driving ROE and investing in the franchise. Similarly, our rigorous non-compensation expense program allowed us to keep a tight rein on spending, and thus, drove significant operating leverage. Clearly, we still have work to do to reach our goals, and I believe the progress we have made further underscores the strength of this franchise globally. I'll now turn it over to Ruth to take you through our earnings in detail.
Ruth Porat: Good morning. To provide greater transparency into our results, I will provide both GAAP results and results excluding the effect of DVA. We will present our results this way, whether the impact is positive or negative, and have provided reconciliations in the footnotes to the earnings release to reconcile these non-GAAP measures. DVA in the quarter was negative $2 billion with $381 million in equity sales and trading and $1.6 billion in Fixed Income sales and trading. Excluding the impact of DVA, firm-wide revenues were $8.9 billion, up 24% sequentially, excluding the impact of the MBIA settlement in the fourth quarter. Noninterest expenses were $6.7 billion, up 10% versus the fourth quarter. Compensation expenses of $4.4 billion this quarter included approximately $138 million related to severance. Non-compensation expenses were $2.3 billion, down 2% from last quarter, reflecting firm-wide cost-containment efforts. Income from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders was approximately $1.3 billion. Net income from continuing operations per diluted share was $0.71 after preferred dividends. On a reported or [ph] GAAP basis, firm-wide revenues for the first quarter were $6.9 billion, up 22% sequentially. Income from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley common shareholders was a loss of approximately $103 million, and the reported net loss from continuing operations per diluted share was $0.05 after preferred dividends. Book value at the end of the quarter was $30.74 per share. Tangible book value was $27.37 per share. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we closed on the sale of Quilter and the first phase of the Saxon disposition. Turning to the balance sheet. Total assets were $781 billion at March 31, up from $750 billion last quarter, reflecting increased client activity. Our liquidity pool was $179 billion at the end of the quarter. Although our calculations are not final, we believe that our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel I will be approximately 13.2%, and our Tier 1 capital ratio will be approximately 16.8%. Risk-weighted assets under Basel I are expected to be approximately $319 billion at March 31. Subject to final rule-making, our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III was between 8% and 9% pro forma as of the end of the first quarter, assuming full Basel III inflation of RWAs and 0 benefit from mitigation. We're in the range as a function of the ultimate revolution around Basel 2.5 NPR. We expect that our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III at the end of 2012 will approach 10%, reflecting passive mitigation driven by position roll off and consensus earnings. Now turning to our businesses in detail. Unless otherwise noted, all discussion of income statement metrics and segment results will exclude DVA for the remainder of my remarks in order to differentiate revenues associated with our business from those associated with our borrowings that result solely from our credit spreads. In Institutional Securities, revenues were $5 billion. Excluding the impact of the MBIA loss last quarter, revenues were up 39% sequentially. Noninterest expenses were $3.3 billion, up 17% versus the fourth quarter. The compensation ratio is 42% in the quarter. Non-compensation expenses declined 5% from last quarter. The business reported a pretax profit of $1.7 billion. Our Investment Banking results reflect the backdrop of continued low market activity, resulting in revenues of $851 million, down 4% versus last quarter. According to Thomson Reuters, Morgan Stanley ranked #1 in global IPOs and #2 in global completed M&A and global announced M&A at the end of the first quarter. Notable transactions included Glencore's $49 billion acquisition of Xstrata; AIG's $6 billion follow-on equity offering; a $7.2 billion investment-grade bond offering for Petrobras; and a $2.8 billion noninvestment-grade bond offering for United Rentals. Advisory revenues of $313 million were down 23% versus the fourth quarter as market volumes remain subdued, particularly in the Americas. Equity underwriting revenues were $172 million, a 9% decline from the fourth quarter, reflecting an industry-wide decline in IPO volume and an unfavorable shift in mix. Fixed income underwriting revenues of $366 million were up 27% versus last quarter with significantly higher bond issuance activity in both investment-grade and high-yield products. This strength was partially offset by a decline in syndicated loan revenues, which were negatively affected by lower levels of event financing. Equity sales and trading revenues were $1.83 billion, an increase of 44% from last quarter. Results reflected continued broad-based performance across geographies and products despite lower market-wide volumes. Client revenues remained resilient, demonstrated -- demonstrating ongoing realization of adjacencies across products and diversification of distribution across client segments. Prime brokerage revenues were up on higher balances and a more favorable mix of activity. We continue to gain market share with notable outperformance in electronic and retail. Strong results also benefited from prudent risk management. Fixed Income and Commodities sales and trading revenues were $2.6 billion. Excluding the MBIA loss last quarter, revenues were more than double and were up 30% versus a year ago. Results this quarter reflected broad based strength and were also balanced across products and geographies. Stronger performance year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter underscores our continued emphasis on flow products, risk efficiency and increased velocity, with average balance sheets below 4Q '11 and 1Q '11 levels. Each of our major product areas contributed meaningfully to results this quarter. Rates revenues increased, driven by higher client volumes benefiting from prior investments in our footprint. FX results were up with lower balance sheet and continued to benefit from our investment in technology. Credit revenues were up both quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year, reflecting improved credit markets and balance sheet efficiency. Commodities revenues rebounded from a slower fourth quarter as client activity, including structure transactions, increased. Securitized products revenues were up sequentially but down versus a strong 1Q '11 comparison. The other sales and trading line reflects negative revenues of $286 million versus positive $83 million last quarter. Turning to VAR, average total VAR declined from $123 million in the fourth quarter to $84 million this quarter using a 4-year data series. The decline reflects the full quarter impact of the MBIA settlement that occurred last December. Period-end VAR declined from $87 million at the end of the fourth quarter to $78 million at the end of the first quarter. Our average aggregated VAR by primary risk category for the quarter was $72 million versus $66 million in the fourth quarter. Global Wealth Management revenues of $3.4 billion were up 6% versus the prior quarter, driven by higher Asset Management fees and an increase in transaction-driven revenues. Specifically, Asset Management revenues were up 7% due to the benefit of higher equity market levels at the start of the quarter. GWM's Investment Banking-related fees increased 24% versus last quarter, primarily driven by fixed income new issuance. Trading revenues were up 19% versus the fourth quarter, reflecting increased activity and markups in deferred compensation plans. Commissions were roughly flat to last quarter. The other revenue line included lower gains on AFS sales versus the fourth quarter. Noninterest expenses were $3 billion, up 2% from last quarter. Compensation ratio was 62% versus 64% last quarter. Non-compensation expenses were $922 million, flat to the fourth quarter. Migration costs were approximately $75 million. As the integration is completed, we expect these expenses to taper off during the year. Profit before tax was $387 million, while the PBT margin was 11%, up from 7% last quarter. NCI for the quarter was $74 million, up from $16 million in the fourth quarter. Total client assets increased to $1.7 trillion due to market appreciation and net asset inflows in the quarter. Global fee-based asset flows were $8.7 billion. Fee-based assets under management grew to $531 billion at quarter end, up 8% year-over-year. Global representatives at quarter end were 17,193. Bank deposits were $112 billion at the end of the quarter with approximately $57 billion held in Morgan Stanley banks. Asset Management revenues of $533 million were up from $424 million in the fourth quarter due primarily to markups in Merchant Banking and real estate funds and higher Asset Management fees. In Traditional Asset Management, revenues of $342 million were up 18% compared to the fourth quarter due to higher market levels. In Real Estate Investing, revenues of $146 million were up 32% versus last quarter. Due to the ownership structure of these funds, the majority of these revenues are passed to third-party investors in the non-controlling interest line. In Merchant Banking, revenues of $45 million increased from $23 million in the fourth quarter, driven by higher markups on investments. Compensation expense was $218 million in the quarter, up from $183 million in the fourth quarter, reflecting higher revenue. Profit before tax was $128 million, up 64% from last quarter. NCI was $65 million versus $44 million last quarter, reflecting markups and consolidated real estate funds. Total AUM increased to $304 billion due to higher market levels. In conclusion, the global markets continue to be affected by ongoing macro uncertainties, but we remain focused on that which we can control. The strategic steps we've taken during the last 9 quarters are reflected in our results with broad strength across our businesses globally on an improved revenue mix, tight expense controls and a stronger foundation of capital and liquidity. Three observations. First, with respect to revenue, our results highlight that the firm is far more balanced and diverse today than we have been in some time. In Institutional Securities, we drove revenue gains across our sales and trading franchise the Morgan Stanley way, based on insight, solutions and technology. Our Investment Banking team continues to be engaged in leading significant transactions throughout the world. Our backlogs remain strong. We benefited this quarter from the absence of the legacy items we have addressed in the last 2 years. In GWM, after extensive investment and integration work, we are pleased with the platform the team has built. It enhances the FA and client experience, and increases efficiency opportunities by consolidating our business onto one platform. As evidenced by the consistency in revenues, retail wealth management continues to support the stability of the firm's results. It is a more annuity-like, capital-light business that increases its contribution with ongoing growth in both our fee-based assets and our lending business. Second, our approach to compensation and non-compensation expenses reflects our disciplined expense management. We continue to have success with our firm-wide cost-containment and reengineering efforts, and expect further benefits over the next 2 years. Third, our capital ratios remain industry-leading. We have a balanced and stable funding mix that will further improve as we exercise our MSSB call options, which will, in turn, add to our deposit base. Our strategic priorities have also provided funding flexibility. Specifically, as a result of a more liquid flow focused business, we did not refinance the majority of the $16 billion of debt that matured or was retired in the first quarter. Net debt outstanding declined $10 billion in the first quarter, continuing the trend we started last year. Meanwhile, our liquidity pool remained in line with 2011, with ending liquidity of $179 billion. As I have noted previously, a key input to the sizing of the liquidity reserve is our upcoming maturities. The combined impact of strong liquidity, the declining maturities going forward, put us in an even stronger position with respect to funding flexibility. Parent liquidity debt coverage is up significantly from 2 years ago, an indication of the strength of our balance sheet and our prudent liquidity risk management. We believe these steps put us in an even better position to serve our clients and our stakeholders. Thank you for listening, and James and I will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Howard Chen with Crédit Suisse.
Howard Chen: Regarding the meaningful improvement across the sales and trading franchises, I was just hoping you could share some thoughts on how you separate what's market-related versus what's related to pay off from all the investments you've made over the past few years.
Ruth Porat: Well, I think we have to start with the investments that we've made over the last couple of years. What we saw this quarter was real strength across products and across geographies, and no one particular driver of results. Across the 5 businesses, all growing kind of within a narrow zone, rates, FX, corporate credit, commodities and investment grade securitization. And what we've been talking to you about over the last number of quarters, quite long number of quarters, is that we felt there was real upside as we moved back in the flow, an area where we've obviously been strong for many years but had underinvested for a period of time and our view was that we were punching below our weight and have the opportunity for market share upside, and invested in particular in rates and FX, and those were 2 of the important drivers. I think the other big driver here was we talked internally about adjacencies when we talk about your equities business, the benefit of adjacencies, which, as we've talked about before, looks at working with clients across the platform. And that approach is very much reflected in the way we're running our Fixed Income business as well. It starts with the leadership team. It starts -- and then goes to our Senior Relationship Management program, our SRM program, and that's yet another investment. And then the third is really the technology investments that we've continued to make. That, in particular, is one I've highlighted over time and it's true again this quarter for our foreign exchange business benefiting from our electronic trading platform. So those all go to investments. I think the fact that we started the quarter with a lower balance sheet and lower inventories really underscores that this is less about marks and more about flow and engagement with clients. And so I would say it helped that there was a -- have a constructive environment, no question, but it goes to what we've been discussing with you repeatedly, quarter after quarter, the investments in the business and the focus.
James P. Gorman: I think also, Howard, the -- I would just take into account the leadership team, Colm Kelleher, who we put in that job a couple of years ago, and Kenny deRegt and Ted Pick in Fixed Income and Equities, respectively. This is now a very seasoned team working extremely well together across the firm. And I do believe the leadership makes a difference.
Howard Chen: Great. And switching gears, Ruth, on the new held-for-investment disclosure, you had a near doubling of the HFI portfolio in the last quarter. Now is that a function of new clients or active refinancing? And as that portfolio grows, how do you think about the impact to your stress capital ratios, earnings volatility and hedging costs?
Ruth Porat: Well, that's really the driver of the move. We're clearly a mark-to-market shop as we always talk about, but we are a bank. The 15 floor just depository ballpark today and pro forma for the incremental MSSB deposits will be, ballpark, the 12th largest depository. And as we talked about last quarter under the CCAR scenarios, the impact of loans under HFI were less punitive than fair value. And as we're looking to continue to build out our bank, consistent with other banks' practices and regulatory guidance, we've been focused on what's in the best interest of stakeholders. And our view was that if HFI is viewed as a -- or results in being a more capital-efficient way to run the lending book, that's the appropriate way to migrate our lending book. And so what you've seen here is that movement to HFI this quarter, and you'll continue to see that.
Howard Chen: Okay. And then with respect to the Moody's review, could you just comment on what a downgrade means to you, and what you're all doing to prepare for and maybe prevent a potential downgrade?
Ruth Porat: Sure. We've done a lot to narrow the impact of any potential ratings change and view that -- and our view is that the impact of potential outcomes are manageable. Obviously, ratings reviews started a few years ago, first with S&P and then with Fitch and now with Moody's, and so we have had time to prepare. And so trying to get some perspective on how we look at it or how we think about the impact, structure derivatives is obviously the most affected by ratings change, but it's also an area of focus for regulatory reform. And as we've reduced the scope of our structured derivatives business, that's very consistent with our change in business mix toward cash and flow products. And that's been kind of an over time, and I just comment on with respect to what we're doing broadly in Fixed Income. But what that means is at this point, only 8% of our ISDA contracts have triggers within the Moody's potential range, which helps reduce the size, kind of step 1. The other key point is that a large amount can be centrally cleared, and we were early and aggressive to move to central clearing and become client-central clearing broker. Two of the largest fixed income asset managers were also easy -- early in moving to clearing, and we won mandates to become their clearing brokers. And the trend towards clearing is clearly ratings diagnostics, so that further reduces the pool that’s subject to impact. And then beyond that, we have a higher graded derivatives entity, and we've slowly been moving derivatives into our bank. So that kind of sizes and brings down the scope within, and hopefully, underscores the couple of work streams, which underscore why I started by saying we think the potential outcomes are manageable. The other point, I think, is really key is that none of our funding has ratings triggers. So that side of it is very easy to address as well. I think across the platform, we've done a lot to narrow the potential impact.
Howard Chen: Great, very helpful, Ruth. Maybe just a quick follow-up on the ongoing business. At a percent of figure you noted, is that just number of ISDA contracts or is that -- what does that mean as a percentage of maybe revenues or earnings contribution today?
Ruth Porat: Yes, that is 8% of ISDA contracts, and that's why I kind of started there and then went down to what are the various incremental steps that we've taken. I think the other thing I would point you to is that we're still A-rated by S&P and Fitch, and a lot of clients are doing their own credit assessments, so hard to gauge how that translates into any other impact on the business.
Operator: The next question will come from Guy Moszkowski with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Guy Moszkowski: I wanted to see if we -- if I could just follow up on what you're talking about just now with respect to the Moody's. I know that, that moving contracts into better-rated entities was pretty far down your list of actions that you've taken. But I'm just interested in the idea of using the bank’s unit and any other entity that you might have developed, and sort of how sizable you think that could be in terms of helping you mitigate the impacts.
Ruth Porat: Well, with the respect to the bank broadly, our strategy or objective is to build a robust national bank that's consistent with our Wealth Management business and building a balanced portfolio of assets in the bank, systematically. And I've talked at length, I think, on 2 different topics that are relevant to that. One is building our lending business of institutional and retail, and two is moving derivatives into the bank. And when we've talked about the lending business in particular, on the retail side, I've talked about this being a flow systematic steady build, building out the suite of products that we're offering to our retail clients, taking our time to build that out so that we've got the right credit and quality control over the build. That's one key portion of the asset side. And the other is, we have talked about before, slowly, systematically working to move derivatives into the bank. We started with FX and rates will follow. And our view is the result of both of those steps will be a balanced asset portfolio against $60 billion of deposits, with another $60 billion of deposits to come as we buy in the remaining Morgan Stanley Smith Barney stakes over time. And our view is and have been that we have a higher rated derivatives entity to the extent it's needed and have stayed on this course of a longer-term approach to moving more derivatives into the bank.
Guy Moszkowski: And the bank deposit build on the retail side is directly related to the percentage ownership of the joint ventures, isn't that right?
Ruth Porat: As we exercise various tranches of the remaining buy-in for MSSB, we -- with that comes the pro rata portion of deposits, correct.
Guy Moszkowski: Got it. I was hoping that maybe you could talk about the restatement of your capital allocations on Page 5 of your supplement. That's always an incredibly helpful disclosure, by the way, as I think we've discussed before, but you did restate it. And I'm not sure I completely understand what the footnote is telling us.
Ruth Porat: So there -- I think one of the key things -- I'm not quite sure what you're referring to, but one of the things as we've allocated here on capital back to MSSB, the reason we increased the allocation to MSSB was consistent with guidance that came out during the CCAR process, which is that associated with NCI under Basel I, one now needs to allocate capital for that NCI. We have been doing that under Basel III and we talked about it last quarter that we had moved from parent capital into MSSB, the NCI portion of capital.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay, that helps. And then just on the Institutional side on the restated basis that you now showed us. I noticed that the capital allocation fell by almost $2 billion in the quarter. Is that related to the reduction in VAR and the reduction in the legacy MBIA position? Or is it something else?
Ruth Porat: I'm not sure. Why don't you follow up with IR on that one?
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Carrier with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Carrier: First on the Wealth Management business. So you had the improvement in the margin this quarter. Given the integration costs, I just want to make sure, is it that simple, meaning as the $75 million or so of integration expense comes out, we should see that 11%? I think if I just do the math, it will move up to maybe 13%, 13.5%. And then just in the near term, given that we've had the market tailwind, you gave some stats in the past in terms of how sensitive that business is to an improvement there and then as well as rates. Any difference there? Because it feels like we're getting the market, at least for the time being, but just any changes in those sensitivities?
Ruth Porat: The focus on margin is still on mid-teens margin by mid next year. And although we're getting the benefit of reduced integration expense, as you pointed out, we're also having some of that offset by increased software capitalization expense as we've talked about on prior calls. So the way we're driving to the mid-teens margin in part comes from integration expense, although it's not quite as big as that full 75, given software cap. It's also additional cost discipline focus and expense discipline focus, is the continued build out of our lending platform that I just mentioned. And it's also the ongoing growth in managed money. Those are really the key drivers of margin expansion. And that's going to continue as we go through next year. We do get a bit of a benefit, in particular, next year when we're all operating on one platform. It makes some of that second category, the expense discipline cost saving programs easier to implement, but it's really the combination of the same items that we've been discussing over time. And then as it relates to the market benefit, we did get a bit of a lift here, given the S&P started the first quarter higher than it was at the beginning of the fourth quarter, and going into the second quarter, we similarly have a bit of a benefit from that. But the mid-teens guidance was -- mid-teen PBT margin guidance assumed no market benefit. And if we continue to have market benefit, that helps. Similarly, if Fed funds rise, that helps.
Michael Carrier: Okay. And then just on the buy-in, so we don't have all the details, but when you think about -- obviously, the valuation will play a part, your other options will play a part. And then just how -- what flexibility you have with the Fed, but when we start thinking about timing of that and in other opportunities, what -- is the likelihood you -- still that occurring during the near term?
James P. Gorman: Well, Michael, it's James. Let me address that. We're -- we've said for a long time that we like this business, it's strategically important to us. And while it's been difficult market conditions for a couple of years, we do think we know how to manage it well and we're in the last 10 weeks of a pretty massive, in fact, historically largest integration. So we're on track and the first call option is available, I believe, at the end of May or the 1st of June. And obviously, at that time or some time before that, we'd have a discussion with – with our friends at Citigroup on the first call option. We have a pretty clear path over what is now only 2 years to buy the remaining pieces. We feel no particular compulsion or anxiety to accelerate that. We have great clarity around what we're trying to do with the business. Obviously, we're always prepared to listen, but we're in a position where we have a clear path, we have a clear plan. We've had this plan now for over 3 years and we're frankly, rapidly moving to the end of it. So that's where we are right now.
Michael Carrier: Okay. And last one, just on the ROE for the overall business. Obviously, you've seen a pretty good improvement versus the last, call it, 2 years, but you’re still at 9% in a seasonally strong quarter. So when you think about the legacy assets and the things that you've been doing, even on the trading side, like how far along are you in that process? Because clearly, a better macro environment can still get that up, but you also had the seasonality against you. But just wondering how much of getting rid of some of the legacy issues or transitioning under the new regulatory environment is done versus the rest, more of a macro environment improvement will drive stronger revenues?
Ruth Porat: We'll be the first to agree that ROE, we're still on a path of improving over time and it is benefiting from systematic execution in the businesses, but we are in a path. If you just kind of go through the 3 big buckets of categories that should continue to drive ROE, on the Institutional Securities side we felt really good exiting 2011, having addressed the legacy issues that we have been speaking with you about for so long. And exiting those, having those drags gone is helpful. We have been reducing our presence in businesses which, under Basel III are more capital-consuming and moving to a more -- well, model which is more capital efficient, so you get some lift just from the mix of the business and that's continuing. On the GWM side, moving in the direction of the mid-teens PBT margin, after 3-plus years, as James said, will help as we benefit from integration and a higher PBT margin on that business. And then we're continuing our disciplined approach on comp and non-compensation. So those are just -- those are 3 of the bigger levers that will help continue to drive ROE. We're doing a lot more, but we're comfortable on this path.
James P. Gorman: And I would just add, Michael, I think that there were areas of our business that clearly benefited from a, I would call it, a reasonable market environment, not exactly a bullish market environment. But there were areas that did not. I mean, in the first quarter of the new issued calendar in equities, it was not exactly robust. M&A and advisory work, frankly, was very low across the industry. Our Wealth Management business, as Ruth said, with rates that are basically 0 interest rates and no equity calendar, clearly, that business wasn't exactly operating at a seasonal or market high. So there were pluses and minuses as you put it all together with the cost backdrop that we're working on with the integration stuff we've talked about, the continued retooling we've been doing in securities businesses. We're quite comfortable with the path we're on.
Operator: The next question will come from Glenn Schorr with Nomura.
Glenn Schorr: So look, the -- I give you credit where credit is due. The trading results were awesome and awesome on a relative basis as well. And everything that you said about the investments made it all make sense. I guess my question is, what's different about this first quarter that produced such a payoff? In other words, if you look at it relative to, say, the last 8, 10 quarters' average, your increase is literally 50% more than everybody else in both equities and FICC. So I don't want to complain, it's great numbers. I'm just curious on what you think that made this first quarter to pay off.
James P. Gorman: Well, I think, Glenn, firstly, quarters, as I've said often, come around with remarkable frequency, every 13 weeks. We're already 3 or 4 weeks into the end of the next month, so we're talking about ancient history here. But I think it's if you look at equities in the last couple of years, this is not a flash in the pan. This has been a pretty considered and deliberate progress with our franchise, I think, had gained market share of over 350 basis points last year and continued to be strong this quarter. Fixed Income, obviously, there was better balance in the business. A lot of the pieces came together nicely across rates, foreign exchange. Our credit rebounded. A little bit of it was environmental as we said, and a little bit of it was the leadership and a little bit of it was the investments we've made in the platform. So I don't regard it as kind of a bolt of lightning out of the sky here. I think it's the aggregation of a series of things that have been steady investments. Every quarter won't look exactly the same, that's for sure. I'm sure we'll see some ups and some downs over the next several quarters, but it shows evidence that the investments we made are in the right direction.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. A question, Ruth, I heard all your comments regarding funding cost and debt issuance or debt decreasing in the quarter. I actually have the opposite question on debt issuance plans going forward. And I think your average maturities in that 5-year range has come down over time where, my intuition would tell me that you'd want to be extending duration especially -- some of the things that Moody's points out on the business needing to stand on its own 2 feet. Can we -- can you help us think through what your debt issuance pay, and so on how you think about today's funding cost, where they should be over time?
Ruth Porat: Yes. The way -- I think it's a great question, and the way I start on that is really looking at funding requirements as a function of our business mix and our balance sheet. And as I spoke about on the last quarter's call, there are really 3 strategic priorities that frame the way I think about funding. First, our strategy for business mix has moved towards flow from structured, and we can fund that efficiently through the secured channel and we are. Second, exiting legacy positions has really decreased the need for unsecured funding. A lot of these positions were less liquid and they were cash-funded, and by exiting them, not only do we -- we free up some of the requirements there. And that was a part of the story this quarter and frankly, over the last couple of quarters. And then the growth of our deposit base, consistent with what we're doing in MSSB, is funding both our corporate and our retail loan book, and enabling us to fund more with the deposit base, it reduces our reliance on unsecured funding. So overall, the strategic moves towards a leaner, more velocity-focused balance sheet have allowed us to extract funding from the balance sheet, which means we're not and we haven't refinanced all the maturities. So specifically, and I made this point, in the first quarter, we paid down $16 billion in debt. We issued $5 billion. In other words, net debt down $10 billion in the first quarter alone. And we've reduced net debt by $16 billion over the past couple of quarters, and we did this while improving revenue strength and capturing market share and maintaining high liquidity. So this is where we really want to be, which is delivering for clients and enhancing our funding. And as I talked about a lot on the last quarter, I felt like I was the beneficiary when I'm thinking about funding of all of the strategic things that have been done. And so very much to your point, our maturities, our rolling 12-month maturities, peaked in September of last year and they've been on a downward trajectory, and that gives us some funding flexibility. And as we think about how to benefit from that funding flexibility, we're looking, as we have consistently over the last several years, at optimizing our unsecured issuance across channels, vanilla debt, structured notes and ongoing work with our partner, MUFG, in the Japanese market with the Uridashi issuance. We're looking across currency and we're being mindful of what's the wham of the overall book. But the way we think about it is, given high liquidity and declining maturities, I mentioned this, liquidity maturity statistic, what's notable is we're now at 38 months coverage. In other words, parent liquidity covers the next 38 months of maturities which is up from 23 months, 2 years ago. And it just goes to the prudent way we're running the balance sheet and the high degree of flexibility we have as a result of it.
Glenn Schorr: Of all that's going on, I would think your credit spreads would be tightening more. Maybe last one on that note...
James P. Gorman: We would agree.
Glenn Schorr: On that note, with it, again, price aside, I think there's something in it for both sides to do more of MSSB sooner. So price aside, it's highly likely not a big capital call. Is there a thought to just issue a bunch of debt as spreads come in and take the whole thing in?
James P. Gorman: Listen. Obviously, we're not going to talk about a particular transaction. As we've said, our focus is on, number one, getting the integration done. We're 11 weeks away from that. Number two, we will proceed with the first call option, and that's 5 weeks away or something like that. And number three, eventually owning 100% of this business, which we can do on a very clear program over the next 24 months. So I'm in the camp of we like certainty. We have what we think is a well-structured deal that was laid out 3 years ago. We're right at approaching crunch time, which is pretty exciting. But we -- it'd take a lot to encourage us to get off that path.
Operator: The next question will come from Chris Kotowski with Oppenheimer.
Christoph M. Kotowski: Yes, I was just wondering -- most of my questions have been asked, but I was looking at the share count and it looked like about 50 million additional shares. What drove that? Was it the annual issuance to employees?
Ruth Porat: I think you have to follow up with IR and they'll give you that.
Operator: The next question will come from Fiona Swaffield with RBC.
Fiona Swaffield: Just a couple of things. On the compensation ratio in the Institutional Securities group, could you talk about whether that is a level that could hold for the year? And then secondly, just to double check my understanding of the 8% to 9%, sorry, on Basel III, look through ratio in Q1, is all of that 100 basis points difference the potential impact of the NPR on Basel 2.5?
Ruth Porat: Certainly. So starting with the compensation ratio, we're accruing what we think is reasonable looking at those absolute dollars and ratios. It's obviously early in the year and the same thing we talked about on prior calls remains, which is we're very focused on balancing, driving ROE on the one hand and compensating and retaining talent that's driving that ROE. And this is obviously an industry-wide balance, but we've got a team refocused on it. And within Institutional Securities, the compensation ratio reflects the severance that I commented on. I think it was just over $100 million, $107 million in ISG alone. So that's part of the overall number, but we're still maintaining that very much that lends, which is we've got to get the balance right to drive ROE while paying the talent that's driving that ROE, and it is early in the year. On the Basel III question, you're absolutely correct that the range really reflects the ongoing uncertainty regarding Basel 2.5 NPR. And until there is greater certainty, we think it's most prudent just to give you a range, and we're within that range. We'll tighten up as we also become more clear.
Operator: The next question will come from Roger Freeman with Barclays.
Roger A. Freeman: I just want to follow up on a couple other questions that have been asked. I guess just on the -- in the sort of the strength of the first quarter, it feels like your strength, your revenue generation actually builds over the course of the quarter with March being stronger, whereas I think others have saw the opposite, January being stronger. I mean was there something that -- were one of these areas particularly strong in March? And then obviously, it's only a couple of weeks into April, but has that momentum carried on?
Ruth Porat: Well, actually, I think we started January coming into the year, I think, with the benefits of LTRO kind of as the tailwind. We started January and things were pretty attractive. I think we were mindful of the fact that we entered the quarter with low balance sheet, and therefore, weren't benefiting from much of a big inventory that would be written up, but sub, a pretty good activity on the sales and trading side in January. I think it got a little muted in the middle of the quarter, and then did end the quarter, to your point, stronger. And I think it's too early to call 3 weeks, 2 weeks into the second quarter. I'd be remiss to try and extrapolate from where we are here, and so much of it continues to be what's going on in the macro environment. You tell me that, and I'll give you a bit of a cleaner forecast for the second quarter. So too early at this point.
Roger A. Freeman: I can't figure that out either. So just -- it reminds me another point I want to ask on the balance sheet. So these, to the average balance sheet, your inventory levels were down. Can you characterize how the ending balance sheet may have looked versus the average or versus end of 4Q?
Ruth Porat: The average and ending for the first quarter were pretty consistent. It's in the supplement. They were within -- they were close and they've kind of stayed at those levels. We're continuing to run a sub-$800 billion balance sheet.
Roger A. Freeman: I mean, I'm referring more just to your risk capital within the trading business. I think that's what you're referring to.
Ruth Porat: Oh, I'm sorry. Yes, so that, similarly, really has not changed much, continuing to run at the same kind of more modest levels. And I think when we look at the Fixed Income results, we -- it is a story about breadth across a number of product areas. But in particular, when you look at the fact that we ran at low VAR and the balance sheet, where it was, ROA was up nicely, VAR efficiency was up as well. It's continued to run at those kinds of levels, and no change really there.
Roger A. Freeman: Okay. And then just back on the credit rating discussion. So your comments around using the higher rate of bank entity, is -- can you -- do you have sufficient capacity, given the size of the bank deposit base that are today to accommodate any existing business that may have technical requirements under – if the rating were to be downgraded to move [indiscernible]. If you hear Larry Fink’s comments yesterday, saying they will have to move some business away. I mean, can we make sure that Morgan Stanley is not on the ones on the list?
Ruth Porat: Well, that's why I went through the various steps and execution paths. We got multiple execution paths, and that's what gives us the comfort to say that outcomes are manageable. So apart from that, which essentially cleared, you’re focusing really on and what about the rest of it, and as I indicated, we have a higher rated derivatives entity, and that's a valuable next part of the execution path, longer-term. It goes to the bank, but we've got a number of different execution paths, which is why there are solutions here that make it very manageable.
Roger A. Freeman: So no one would actually have to leave, right? You can accommodate any requirements?
Ruth Porat: Look, I think I would point to one other thing, which I commented on, which is, first and foremost, I don't want to prejudge the Moody's outcome, but a lot of clients are focused on what are the other ratings that we have for the firm. We're still A-rated by S&P and Fitch, and a lot of clients are doing their own credit assessment. Some of the questions that are coming up are more structure-related than anything else. And for that, we've focused in, I kind of gone through what are the execution options available.
James P. Gorman: And I think, Roger, just on ratings, it's important to note that when Moody's first came out to render their opinion on all of the banks around the world, it was before the stress test was -- the results of that were published, which is obviously important information. And it was before the first quarter results of the large institutions, certainly, in the U.S. So they now have the benefit of 2 concrete pieces of information that they didn't have. And I think it's important and constructive that they're delaying their readout on this until early June as they try to assimilate all of that positive feedback they've had from the industries.
Operator: The final question will come from Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Michael Mayo: What are the investment banking backlogs? And how do they compare to a quarter ago?
Ruth Porat: The equity backlog remains strong and continues to build. And I feel like I've been saying that quarter after quarter and the appropriate question is, and what takes it to move out of backlog and into execution. We did see a bit more of that in March. There was some kind of a bit of a pickup in equity new issue product, and that gives us, I guess I would say guarded optimism that we'll see more of it here in the second quarter. Of course, the market backdrop always being one of the key determinants, but that remains an attractive pipeline. M&A is similarly a healthy backlog and we're having a lot of conversations with clients. I think the view continues to be that there is still CEO concern about the durability of the recovery, not just in the U.S., but around the globe. And therefore, we would be more guarded on the speed of movement of M&A deals out of the pipeline. We'd love to see that accelerate, clearly, but I think the view of our team has been for quite some time, if you look at historical patterns, it's more likely that it is a back half of the year rather than a front half, including second quarter movement out of the pipeline and onto announced transactions.
Michael Mayo: Can you put any dollar amounts? I mean, is it flat, is it up, is it down versus just last quarter?
Ruth Porat: We look at it kind of on a probability-weighted basis and it looks healthy. I think it's kind of generally around the same levels.
Michael Mayo: And is Facebook going to open up a lot more activity or is that a one-off? How do you think about that?
Ruth Porat: We never talk about any deals in registration. We don't want to [indiscernible] it.
Michael Mayo: Right. I just meant generally, do you think the technology IPOs are going to be picking up later this year?
Ruth Porat: Same answer.
Michael Mayo: Okay, that's fine. And then just switching gears, on the brokerage business, what were the net new assets for the quarter?
Ruth Porat: On the brokerage business, I'm glad you asked that because we have included in here fee-based assets. The net new assets were a bit below that, kind of consistent with the trend we saw last year. We have shifted the disclosure, as we talked about previously, to fee-based assets. And the reason for that is that's really strategically where we've been focused, and that is the stronger relationship between funds movement and our P&L is on the fee-based side. And so going forward, given that's the way the senior team is managing the business, we're going to be providing you with fee-based assets.
Celeste Brown: All right. Thank you so much for joining us today and we look forward to speaking to you in July.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-19 11:00:00) =====
Celeste Brown: Good morning. This is Celeste Brown, Head of Investor Relations at Morgan Stanley. Welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements, which reflect management's current estimates or beliefs and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. The presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our SEC filings at www.morganstanley.com for a reconciliation of such non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP figures and for a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of Morgan Stanley. This presentation, which is copyrighted by Morgan Stanley and may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent, is not an offer to buy or sell any security or instruments. I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James P. Gorman: Thank you, Celeste. Good morning, everyone. As we say goodbye to 2011, we are happy to report that our prospects are much better going forward than they have at any point since I became CEO 2 years ago. Let me briefly review the year and share our outlook. We know -- as you all know, we had a disappointing start to 2011 when we suffered a considerable loss in the Japanese joint venture. However, it proves to be a positive catalyst because it helped MUFG and ourselves reevaluate our partnership and determine that we should take steps to align the 2 companies more closely. The result was the creation of what I believe is one of the most exciting partnerships in the global financial services industry. The partnership bore abundant fruit in 2011, including the conversion of the preferred into common; the elimination of the preferred dividend, and now MUFG equity counts through our earnings; MUFG now has 2 board seats; the enhancement of a loan marketing agreement for the Americas; and we're continuing to look for other ways to expand this partnership around the world. All of these show our commitment to each other for decades to come in good times and in bad. Now taking you through this in detail, because I believe our deeper relationship is perhaps the most underappreciated of all the strategic moves that have taken place. On the business front, we had terrific progress against our goals in 2011. In particular, look at equities. The growth in our share in equities, where we increased wallet significantly, with a more than 300 basis point increase in the first 9 months. We grew share in Fixed Income. We also increased our wallet share in this business, as has been our focus, while deemphasizing certain parts of securitized products and other Basel III capital-intensive areas. We grew our share in Investment Banking capital markets, where we achieved 100 basis point improvement in overall wallet share and significant positions in all of the rankings. We improved our margin and flows in Smith Barney. While margin improved modestly for the year to 10%, net managed flows were the highest since the inception of the JV at $43 billion. We are now moving to the final stages of integration of MSSB. Our technology platform will be fully integrated this summer. We revitalized MSIM, which is evident in the flows in that business for the year and our momentum exiting the fourth quarter after several years of outflows. Finally, we restored Research through its preeminent place in the industry, where we have seen improved Greenwich rankings and II rankings through the year. On the organization front, we sought stability in management and a successful transition among our senior team. That has been done. On the legacy front, we resolved the last major significant issue for us, MBIA, which was settled through the difficult decision to take a loss of $1.7 billion. But most importantly, in the process, we freed up approximately $5 billion of capital pro forma under Basel III. We also continue to tightly risk-manage our exposure to the periphery, with exposures before hedges well below where we ended the third quarter. Ruth will review this with you in detail in a minute. In addition, we've reshaped our balance sheet. Consistent with our commitment to you when I took this job, we exited 2011 with no outside risks and have fortified with a much stronger balance sheet. With regards to compensation, 2011 represented a high-water mark for our deferrals due to the unusual aggregation of prior periods into this year. We are acutely aware of the impact of deferral decisions on future periods. But with the last year behind us, we will have more flexibility in the years to come. Ruth will address the meaningful progress we made with respect to capital, funding and liquidity. But let me end with a few brief comments. First, this management team was determined to clear the decks of significant legacy issues and material exposures from 2008 and prior years. And we have done that. For the first time in 2 years, our to-do list is not our problem list, and we can focus our energies on enhancing our franchise. Second, this management team is determined to gain share in the businesses we have chosen to remain in, and we are doing that. In addition, we're assuming we come to acceptable terms, we would look to purchase the next 14% of MSSB. Finally, this management team is resolute in its goal to generate acceptable and clean returns in quarters and years ahead. The recent decision to execute a reduction in force of 1,600 employees, as well as the ongoing reshaping of Fixed Income, are examples of important steps to achieving better performance on a sustainable basis. We cannot control the accounting noise of DVA, the movement of counterparty spreads, the capital requirements imposed by our regulators or the evolving Dodd-Frank regulatory framework. However, there is a tremendous amount that we can and do control, and we will remain nimble, highly focused and disciplined in doing so. 2011 was a very difficult year for the markets and for the financial services. We are very glad to have it behind us. Although the markets remain fragile, Morgan Stanley is dramatically better positioned than it was just 12 months ago. With that, I'll now turn over to Ruth to take you through our earnings in greater detail.
Ruth Porat: Good morning. As James said, we are particularly pleased this quarter with the steps we have taken to address legacy issues and position the firm for the future. Given the magnitude of the loss associated with the MBIA settlement, a $1.7 billion reduction to revenue and approximately $0.59 to EPS, to simplify comparisons to prior periods, I will provide reported numbers but then also provide certain amounts excluding the impact of the loss to help with comparability. Additionally, I will provide data with and without the impact of DVA. Our firm-wide revenues for the fourth quarter were $5.7 billion, down 42% sequentially on a reported basis and down 15% when excluding DVA in both periods. DVA in the quarter was $216 million. Excluding the MBIA loss and DVA in both periods, revenues of $7.2 billion in the fourth quarter were up 12% over the third quarter. Our noninterest expenses were $6.2 billion, virtually unchanged from last quarter. The firm-wide compensation ratio was 67% in the quarter compared to 37% in the third quarter. Excluding the effect of DVA in both quarters and the MBIA loss this quarter, the ratio was 53% in the fourth quarter versus 57% in the third quarter. We expect to incur $150 million of severance expense due to the recently completed reduction in force that James mentioned. Non-compensation expenses were $2.4 billion, down 6% from last quarter. Although we have historically experienced a seasonal increase in non-compensation expenses in the fourth quarter, firm-wide discipline resulted in the sequential and year-over-year declines. Overall for the quarter, income from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley was a loss of approximately $227 million. Net loss from continuing operations per diluted share was $0.14 after preferred dividends. DVA positively affected our results by approximately $0.06 per share. And as I mentioned, the MBIA loss negatively impacted our results by $0.59 per share. Period-end shares outstanding were 1.93 billion, while our diluted average shares outstanding were 1.85 billion. Book value at the end of the quarter was $31.42 per share and tangible book value was $27.95 per share. Turning to the balance sheet. Total assets were $750 billion at December 31, down from $795 billion last quarter, reflecting lower client activity. The liquidity pool was $182 billion at the end of the quarter and has remained at or above those levels, even after paying down $2.5 billion of debt in early January. Although our calculations are not final, we believe that our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel I will be approximately 13% versus 13.1% in the third quarter, and our Tier 1 capital ratio will be approximately 16.6% versus 15.1% in the third quarter. Risk-weighted assets under Basel I are expected to be approximately $316 billion at December 31. The change in RWAs from last quarter reflects the impact of the MBIA settlement, our move away from RWA-intensive businesses and the reduction in the balance sheet. You'll note that our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel I is down slightly from last quarter despite the significant reduction in our RWAs. This was driven by 2 adjustments to Tier 1 common. First, the dilutive impact of the MBIA transaction under Basel I, as we indicated when we announced the MBIA settlement. Second, a release by the Federal Reserve in December in which the regulatory definition of Tier 1 common capital was formalized to require the reduction of goodwill and nonservicing intangible assets associated with non-controlling interests. This means that we deduct $4.2 billion of goodwill associated with MSSB and NCI. There is no impact to our Basel III ratios from this change because our current and future estimates of Basel III capital reflect the deduction of NCI. We continue to build our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III, which was approximately 8% pro forma as of the end of the fourth quarter. Assuming full Basel III inflation of RWAs, no benefit from mitigation and unfavorable treatment of NCI. In addition, we expect to have a Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III of close to 10% at the end of 2012, reflecting passive mitigation driven by position rolloffs and consensus earnings. Now turning to our businesses in detail. In Institutional Securities, reported revenues of $2.1 billion were down 68% from last quarter, including the $1.7 billion negative impact related to the MBIA loss that flowed through our Fixed Income business. Excluding the impact of DVA in both periods and the MBIA loss this quarter, revenues were up 20% sequentially. Noninterest expenses were $2.9 billion, down 4% from the third quarter. The compensation ratio was 75% in the quarter. Excluding the impact of DVA and the MBIA loss, the ratio was 43%. Non-compensation expenses declined 10%. The business reported a pretax loss of $779 million. Turning to Investment Banking. Our results reflect our strong market positions against the backdrop of generally low market activity, resulting in revenues of $883 million, up slightly versus last quarter. At the end of the fourth quarter, according to Thomson Reuters, Morgan Stanley ranked #1 in global completed M&A, #2 in global announced M&A and #2 in both global equity and global IPOs. Notable transactions included Kinder Morgan's $39 billion acquisition of El Paso Corporation, Groupon's $805 million IPO and Amgen's $6 billion investment-grade debt offering. Advisory revenues of $406 million were roughly flat to the third quarter as higher revenues in the Americas offset lower results in EMEA. Equity underwriting revenues were $189 million, down 21% versus the third quarter, driven in particular by lower activity in Europe. Fixed income underwriting revenues of $288 million increased 36% from last quarter. Results primarily reflected a higher loan syndication activity and investment-grade bond revenues. Equity sales and trading revenues of $1.3 billion included negative DVA of $23 million and were down 36% versus last quarter on a reported basis. Excluding DVA, revenues were down 5% sequentially and were up 8% from a year ago. Although market volumes and liquidity declined in the fourth quarter with the Eurozone crisis weighing on client activity, our client revenues remained relatively resilient, and we successfully navigated the turmoil. The fourth quarter results capped a strong year overall for the equities business. Specifically, cash equities and electronic trading volumes, in particular, outperformed broader market volumes. After 3 sequential record quarters, derivatives were down in a seasonally weaker period. Prime brokerage revenues similarly reflected typical fourth quarter seasonality and lower market levels in the quarter. The number of clients remained unchanged from the prior quarter and up from the prior year. Fixed Income and Commodities sales and trading negative revenues of $257 million included positive DVA of $239 million and the negative $1.7 billion impact from the MBIA loss. Revenues were down 107% on a reported basis. Excluding DVA in both periods and the MBIA loss this quarter, revenues were up 13% versus last quarter and up 52% versus a year ago. We continue to increase share in our focus areas and position the business for Basel III. The investment in our rates franchise maintained its momentum with revenues up modestly sequentially and up materially year-over-year. FX results were modestly lower than last quarter and up significantly year-over-year. Our credit businesses recovered from a weak performance in Q3 but were still down materially versus the year ago. Commodities revenues were lower due to unseasonably mild Northern Hemisphere temperatures and slower global GDP growth. Results in the Fixed Income business were positively affected by the release of credit valuation adjustments due to the restructuring of certain peripheral exposures. The other sales and trading line reflects revenues of $83 million versus a loss in the third quarter. Turning to VAR. Average VAR decreased from $130 million in the third quarter to $123 million this quarter using a 4-year data series. Period-end VAR declined from $143 million at the end of Q3 to $87 million at the end of Q4. Total trading VAR was down at period end in large part due to the MBIA settlement closing towards the end of the quarter. Related positions were captured in credit portfolio VAR. Our average aggregated VAR by primary risk category for the quarter was $66 million versus $93 million in the third quarter, reflecting reduced activity, particularly in credit products. Global Wealth Management revenues of $3.3 billion were roughly flat to the prior quarter, in a period marked by low client volume and a headwind of lower market levels at the end of the third quarter. Specifically, Asset Management revenues were down 7% because fees are based on asset levels at the close of the prior quarter. GWM's Investment Banking-related fees were relatively flat to last quarter, in line with the firm's underwriting revenues. Trading revenues were up significantly versus Q3, primarily driven by markups in deferred compensation plans, although it is important to note that this increase was offset nearly 1-for-1 in the compensation expense line. Commissions were down 6% from last quarter, reflecting reduced levels of client activity. The other revenue line includes lower realized AFS gains compared to the prior quarter. Net interest was up 12% sequentially, attributable to the continued buildout of our lending business and performance of our investment portfolio. Noninterest expenses were $3 billion, up 4% from last quarter. The compensation ratio of 64% in the quarter continues to be driven primarily by the formulaic payout grid but was elevated this quarter by the revenue mix, certain year-end adjustments and severance charges. Non-compensation expenses were $932 million, up from $896 million in the third quarter, reflecting seasonality and more normalized FDIC expenses, as I mentioned on our last earnings call. Integration costs were approximately $73 million in the quarter. Profit before tax was $244 million, while the PDT margin was 8%, which reflected the revenue mix and the expense movement I mentioned. NCI for the quarter was $16 million, down from $52 million in the third quarter. Total client assets increased to $1.6 trillion due to market appreciation and net asset inflows of $6 billion in the quarter. Global fee-based asset flows were $4.9 billion. Fee-based assets under management grew to $496 billion at quarter end, up 6% year-over-year. Global fee-based asset inflows for the full year were $43 billion, the highest since the inception of the JV. We are focused on growing this portion of flows because they enable to us deliver the best of our content to clients while building stable fee revenue and are more relevant to the economics of the business. Global representatives at quarter end were 17,156, down just over 130 sequentially. In preparing for the move of Smith Barney advisors onto the new platform, we reviewed and harmonized role definitions for Morgan Stanley and Smith Barney FAs, resulting in an increase of approximately 500 in the FA count as shown in our supplement as global representatives adjusted. Our disclosure going forward will provide the FA count using the new methodology. Turnover in our top 2 quintiles was at the lowest level since the fourth quarter of 2009. Bank deposits were $111 billion at the end of the quarter with approximately $56 billion held in Morgan Stanley Banks. Turning to Asset Management. Revenues of $424 million were up from $205 million in the third quarter, due primarily to markups in the Merchant Banking and Real Estate funds this quarter versus sizable markdowns last quarter. In Traditional Asset Management, revenues of $290 million were flat to the third quarter. In Real Estate Investing, revenues of $111 million compared favorably to the prior quarter, which included markdowns on investments. Given the ownership structure of these funds, the majority of these revenues are passed to third-party investors in the non-controlling interest line. In Merchant Banking, revenues of $23 million were up from third quarter results, which included markdowns related to declines in global markets. Compensation expense was $183 million in the quarter, up from $132 million in the third quarter, driven primarily by favorable markups in deferred compensation plans. Profit before taxes was $78 million. NCI was $44 million versus negative $18 million last quarter, again reflecting markups in funds versus markdowns in Q3. Total AUM increased $19 billion sequentially to $287 billion, driven by net asset inflows of $15 billion and market appreciation. Net asset inflows included $8 billion of net inflows into AIP funds, leveraging both the institutional sales force as well as the MSSB platform and $7 billion of net inflows into liquidity funds. With respect to our exposures in the European periphery in France, we have provided updated and expanded disclosure in our earnings supplement. Specifically, we added a column for unfunded commitments, which are now included as a component of our exposure before hedges and our net exposure. Previously, we disclosed unfunded commitments in a footnote. For the most part, the unfunded commitments and the exposures excluding the unfunded commitments are consistent with the prior quarter. The notable change is with respect to Italy. In December, we began to restructure certain derivative positions and amendments to those positions settled in January. As a result, our Italian exposure was higher at year end relative to the third quarter. However, as we highlight in the footnote to our exposure schedule, upon settlement in early January, the exposures declined materially. Thus, the data in the footnote most accurately reflect our positions post settlement. Following settlement of the restructuring and excluding the unfunded commitments, our comparable exposure to last quarter for the periphery are $4.3 billion before hedges and $2.3 billion net of hedges. For France, our comparable exposure the last quarter are $1.7 billion before hedges and less than $100 million net of hedges. In conclusion, I will end where James started. We are focused on that which we can control. The markets continue to be affected by ongoing uncertainty in the Eurozone. However, the strategic steps that we took in 2010 and 2011 cleared out legacy positions and enabled us to focus our attention on building on the momentum we have across our businesses. Notably, these strategic steps have both a P&L benefit as well as a balance sheet benefit, reducing our funding needs. Our banking pipeline is healthy globally. Our equity business continues to distinguish itself. Our Fixed Income business is on its way to reestablishing itself as a market leader in the areas we have targeted, where we continue to focus on capital efficiency and balance sheet velocity. Our Wealth and Asset Management businesses begin 2012 well positioned to leverage 2011 flows, the highest in some time for both businesses. The steps we took also fortified our capital ratios, beginning in the first half of the year with the MUFG equity conversion and ending the year with the MBIA settlement, providing additional capacity to deliver for our clients. Our strategic moves have resulted in diversification of our funding sources, allowing us significant degrees of freedom. Because of our increased funding diversification, our plain vanilla debt issuance should be meaningfully lower than last year as we benefit from efficiencies available from additional channels, such as we have $66 billion of wholly owned deposits across the firm, a benefit of our MSSB joint venture. Deposits are an attractive source of funding, not only for our loan book but increasingly for certain derivatives, which we are moving into the bank consistent with new regulations, including Dodd-Frank. Our relationship with MUFG opened a new funding channel for the firm. We issued Uridashi bonds through our joint venture in Japan in the last 2 quarters. With our ongoing shift to more liquid flow businesses, we reduced the number of assets that require unsecured debt funding or what we refer to as cash funding per our asset liability management governance. And we have incremental flexibility in our liquidity pool because our rolling 12-month maturities will be $10 billion lower at the end of the first quarter versus the peak in September of 2011, thus lowering our funding needs by a portion of that amount. Now in 2012, with legacy problems behind us, we are relentlessly focused on maximizing the return levers of our franchise. We have momentum in our businesses. We have and will continue to show discipline with lower noncomp expenses and have our peak compensation deferrals behind us. Thank you for listening. And James and I will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Guy Moszkowski with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Howard Chen with Crédit Suisse.
Howard Chen: James, your comments on capital management seemed more definitive on proceeding with the first phase of the buy-in, where previously it seemed you were a bit more open to kind of buying back the stock. Am I reading that correctly? And if so, what's driving that change in thinking?
James P. Gorman: Well, I think, listen, the first tranche is only 14%. It is a core plank in our overall corporate strategy, which we've made very clear. We're very happy with the business. I know the margins aren't where we'd all hope they'd be at this point. But the stability of the revenues, the stability of the asset flows and the stability of the managed money gives us great confidence in the business. And frankly, we're getting close to the end of the integration period. So in a tradeoff between sort of financial management being a short-term decision around buybacks versus a long-term strategic management bides [ph] us on the long-term strategic management, which is the first tranche of the purchase. Now all of that said, it's subject to price and it's subject to an appropriate price at fair market value. So if we felt that we couldn't come to appropriate terms, we wouldn't move ahead with it. We have no problem with that.
Howard Chen: Great. And what about both? Would it be a disappointing outcome if you had to choose between either doing the first phase or repurchasing the stock this year?
James P. Gorman: Listen, from my perspective, you'd take these things sequentially. I think that you have plenty of opportunities to move forward with buying back stock, raising dividends or buying the remainder of Smith Barney. And what we have tried to do, as a firm over the last couple of years, is be very steady and methodical and take one step at a time.
Howard Chen: Great. And then in equities, you both highlighted the share gains within the business over the recent year quarters. But could you just elaborate on what businesses and/or regions have been the primary contributors and how sustainable you believe those share gains to be?
Ruth Porat: So we've had actually strength globally and across the products, as I noted, and are pleased with the strength of the global team. I think that as we've gone through the year, you've heard it on both the banking side and the sales and trading side, given the ongoing overhang of issues in the Eurozone, that's been a more challenging market, but real breadth across -- around the globe.
Howard Chen: And then Ruth, quick one on the numbers on that $600 million crystallized CVA gain this quarter. Can you help quantify what losses to date were on those exposures prior to this quarter's gain?
Ruth Porat: I don't have that. But that is, as you characterized, it's a reversal of prior losses that have bled through the P&L.
Howard Chen: Okay, finally. And then I know it's early in the year, but could you just give a flavor for how businesses is progressing? One of your peers mentioned yesterday, business was about the same as the beginning of last year, and wanted to get your thoughts on that.
Ruth Porat: Well, with the caveat that it is -- 2 weeks is not a quarter, I would say that we ended the year feeling better about the state of the markets. There's a lot of cash on the sideline from clients. Our banking pipeline is very healthy. The equity new issue pipeline, in particular, has been on hold for quite some time, given the volatility in the market last year. The M&A pipeline is healthy. So with that very large caveat that 2 weeks is not a quarter, it's feeling a bit better. But I come back to that point, there's still uncertainty in the Eurozone, there's still issues in the macro environment. We're feeling better, but it's still early.
James P. Gorman: And I would just add to that on the broader economic front, that our view has been that the U.S. is a little better off than has generally been perceived, and that Europe is more likely than not to resolve itself, although over a period of a couple of years, not a couple of weeks, which was our sort of collective attention span in the fall. So against that macro outlook, it is -- we are as Ruth said.
Operator: The next question will come from Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Michael Mayo: If you could elaborate a little bit more on MUFG. You commented on the funding. What's your intention in highlighting that so much at the top of today's call? Is it that they are there -- someone with deep pockets if you needed some extra help? Or am I just missing the point?
James P. Gorman: No, listen. How many times in the history of financial services have you seen a cross-border equity investment from one bank to another of this kind and the merger of different parts of their businesses, which we do with our securities business in Japan? And so number one, there is a strategic story here. Number two, the conversion obviously improved our capital and reduced a mandatory dividend that we were paying. And I just felt -- and maybe I'm the only one who felt this, but I felt that the world at large did not appreciate both the strategic and financial value of this transaction. And they are the second largest depository institution in the world. I think they have 70% more deposits than any U.S. institution. I may be incorrect on that, but I think I'm roughly correct. And I think because they're in Japan, they're just not just as well understood if frankly they're in our backyard. They're great partners and they have worked hard with us over the last several months to find ways to do business together. And I think that's a strategic imperative for us, to keep growing with them as partners in finding ways to do business around the world. And I just felt it was important to get that message out there.
Michael Mayo: Right. And then one separate question. When you think about rightsizing the firm, the company has hired many employees in the past few years. And now you need to reduce employees, it's always very difficult in markets like this, but can you talk about the tradeoff between rightsizing for the current cycle and investing for the long-term?
Ruth Porat: So we were focused on -- have been focused on the pacing of the recovery. It continues to be slow. We, therefore, felt it was appropriate to reduce headcount. But that reduction is very consistent with what we've been describing strategically and it's quite targeted. So we've been judicious in investment areas, particularly within sales and trading. So for example, in rates, which has obviously been a focal area, and as I noted, up again this quarter, up year-over-year. We've continued to make key hires in research and trading to protect and support those growth areas. We've also been making, taking steps deemphasizing and reducing balance sheet and risk in areas that are inefficient under Basel III. So for example, within our sub-investment grade securitization through 2011, we were reducing risk, which not only freed up capital and liquidity but enabled us to make some headcount reductions. But we have a strong team there that's been proactive and repositioning the business. And now they are focused on those portions within securitization, the higher-quality credit quality tranches that actually are quite consistent with the new Basel III regime. So what we've tried to do is really strike that right balance between reducing headcount where we were could, while making sure we're well positioned for the recovery, which as James said, hopefully comes sooner rather than later.
Operator: The next question will come from Guy Moszkowski with Bank of America.
Guy Moszkowski: I wanted to ask you if you could elaborate a little bit on some of the headwinds that you had in 2011 from sort of multiple years of deferred comp. And if you can just give us a little bit more granularity on how that rolls off after 2011, in 2012 and beyond.
Ruth Porat: So in Institutional Securities, we did take comp down meaningfully per person this year. And as we said in the fourth quarter of last year call, we increased the deferral rate to 60% for 2011 versus 40% previously and made a number of other changes. This resulted in a higher comp expense in 2011, notwithstanding the decrease in comp per person, because 2011 was a transition year with an unusual aggregation of deferrals coming into 2011. But as James said, when we look at that deferral schedule going out from here and going most important into 2012, prior year deferrals normalize, and in fact, decline in 2012, and we do have more flexibility. So it's really about 2011 being that transition year.
Guy Moszkowski: Right. Is there any more sort of quantification that you can provide us as we try to accurately reflect this in our model?
Ruth Porat: No, we're not doing that.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay, fair enough. Wanted to ask about the Global Wealth Management and the divergence in the fourth quarter of the revenue versus the expense trend. I think you did cover it a little bit. But it was a pretty meaningful divergence, not for the full year but certainly for the fourth quarter. And yet I would hope that by now we would be starting to be able to see some of the benefit of the efficiency movements that you've made and being able to take advantage of the single platform.
Ruth Porat: Fair point. I mean, fundamentally we had consistent revenues, which underscored the stability of the business. But as James said, the margin wasn't quite where we want it. And there were a couple of factors affecting that. As we said on the third quarter call, revenues are meaningfully affected by the S&P close at the end of the year. You know that better than anyone. And the 9/30 S&P close was pretty depressed. That is used as the basis for setting Asset Management fees for the quarter. I think the good news, as we're sitting here today, is the S&P close at the end of the fourth quarter as of 12/31 was 11% higher than it was at the end of the third quarter. But that was a headwind for the fourth quarter. The other thing was there was a lighter equity issuance calendar. And again, that's market-related, and hopefully, we see some more activity coming out of that new equity pipeline, which does remain strong. The other factors, though, that were fourth quarter-specific affecting, in particular, the comp expense. One, we've been taking out -- reducing headcount of the lower performers. And so we had some severance costs in there. The other is that productivity of financial advisors has been increasing. And at higher productivity levels, they're entitled to a higher comp. And this year, that was a fourth quarter true-up. Last year, it was a fourth quarter true-down. And then the other factor I noted is market appreciation from the deferred compensation program, that's those that are invested in funds, generally flows through the revenue line and the comp expense line, so it becomes 0 margin revenue. And it was really a number of different factors. But you're right, and the focus of the team is very much focusing on expense across the board so that we can continue to drive the margin higher.
Guy Moszkowski: I have one final question, which is just on the Investment Banking and trading opportunities that you might be seeing emerging from the problems that some of your European competitors are seeing and their need to shrink balance sheets maybe faster than some of the U.S. firms. Are you seeing significant revenue opportunity starting to develop there?
Ruth Porat: Well, we are focused on it across industries, given the strength of our banking franchise globally but in particular in Europe. So on the financial institutions side, the expectation is there will be more opportunities to help clients raise capital and restructure balance sheets. But I think the other factor to consider is it's not just within the state client base. It's really more broadly across industries. As we look at in 2008, European banks took share from U.S. banks. And that's obviously when this country was going through its capital rates focus and liquidity raise. And given that European banks are now going through similar issues, our view is that, that creates an even broader set of opportunities beyond just, say, again given the strength of our franchise, we do see this as an opportunity to gain share. On the sales and trading side, we're well positioned and hope to built off of the momentum that you've seen in some of the numbers through this year. And then on the balance sheet side, I think that, again going back to James' comments about the strength of our partnership with MUFG, it just further strengthens our ability to help clients in Europe as well.
James P. Gorman: And I think, Guy, as you -- in any industry restructuring, as the players between sort of 10 to 20 range exit, clearly that share is going to flow to those at the top. And a lot of our businesses were ranked 1, 2 or 3 in the key businesses we're in. So I think there's probably a little bit of a short-term impact, but I do think there's a longer-term change in industry structure that should play to our advantage.
Guy Moszkowski: And is there any sign that some of those changes might be starting to improve market-making spreads pricing?
Ruth Porat: We haven't seen it yet.
Operator: The next question will come from Glenn Schorr with Nomura.
Glenn Schorr: Two quick follow-ups on FICC and equities. First, in FICC in general, whether or not you want to include the CVA changes. If you back out DVA, CVA, MBIA, is the right starting point for the quarter for FICC on a clean basis, going forward, $600-ish million?
Ruth Porat: I'll let you judge how you want to look at it.
Glenn Schorr: Excellent. I can read that. In equities, Ruth, your comments were very clear that cash and electronic was a better driver in the quarter, and PB and derivs sequentially were lower. I mean, something's going really right in cash and electronic. And I just don't know if you have any more you can tell us. Is it what you and James both just alluded to in Europe? Or is this just constant progress and getting a greater share of client wallet? Of course, it's a significant outperformance if it's cash and electronic.
Ruth Porat: It is real outperformance relative to the market volumes that we saw. With market volumes down, there was strength there. I would say that the strength of the team across products continues to be a real driver for the performance in the business. And you see it year-over-year, when you look at the sequential improvement, the strength that we had in derivatives goes back to a lot of the comments we've had on prior calls, which is that the team has been focused on really building adjacencies across its business, ensuring that we've built up what we did on the derivative side. You go back 2 years ago when we said we were going to build up equity derivatives. We had 3 sequential strong quarters there. And so it's really across products working together as well as they do and around the globe. So the benefit of the electronic platform is there's still delivery to clients, electronic invoice. It's working well, and it's really enabling us to stay as well connected to clients as possible.
Glenn Schorr: Sounds like you feel it's sustainable as well. I appreciate that you are the only person I cover that actually expanded the European exposure disclosure. But what's the net-net? Meaning, I don't know if I heard the, "We feel very comfortable, we think their exposures are collateralized." And what's your net-net feeling on your Euro exposures?
Ruth Porat: We do feel -- I think you've summed it up well. We feel very comfortable with our exposures. We think that continuing to provide the transparency is helpful. And so we've expanded the disclosure this quarter, but we feel very comfortable with our exposures. We've got a strong business in Europe, and we remain present. But we like the way we've managed over the last several years here.
James P. Gorman: And I would say, Glenn, we were never quite in the camp of the hysteria that surrounded us last October about our European exposures. We're a little bewildered by it, to be honest, which led us to a very fulsome disclosure in the appendix last quarter, and it's been netted to with the unfunded commitments this quarter. And frankly, the position has been improved by reducing one of the larger concentrated positions.
Glenn Schorr: And then lastly, is the overhang in Europe and uncertainty there, is that the major impetus to remove a cloud to get to a higher earnings level? I appreciate all the progress made, but I'm sure people are still looking for more in '12.
Ruth Porat: That is the primary overhang. This year -- the past year, 2011, has the dual complexity of all of the drama around the debt crisis and the downgrade for the U.S. But as James said, I think there are more signs of progress so far in the U.S., and that the ongoing uncertainty in the Eurozone continues to be a big cloud. There clearly also is some of the question marks around regulatory uncertainty. But if you were to rank them, I think the Eurozone and therefore, the issues that are holding back some clients from executing on transactions is a problem.
Operator: The next question will come from Roger Freeman with Barclays Capital.
Roger A. Freeman: I guess, first, just -- you talked about some of the sort of resizing that you've done. And I guess, I'm curious. How much sort of the forward-looking -- and you said, too. You've kind of identified businesses you want to be in. But how confident are you around where the outstanding regulatory questions, rules around derivatives, Volcker, are going to land such that, that may still be subject to substantial revision going forward? Or do you think you kind of have a pretty good sense of positioning at this point?
James P. Gorman: Well, I think, as we've said for a while, the most important regulatory change are the capital requirements coming out of Basel III. And I think we have a reasonably good handle on where that is likely to end. The whole Volcker, Dodd-Frank discussions are obviously still very much ongoing, as witnessed by the hearings yesterday. And listen, we've obviously done an enormous amount of work internally quantifying the impact of different rule changes, what they would mean for our business and so on. Our base case is not an extreme shutting down of all market-making activity. And we think that the original concept of Volcker, which was to ensure that deposits were not used for highly liquid prop trading, should be honored, and then we'd move forward with that. So the regulatory front remains very much in dialogue. You've got governments around the world weighing in on the U.S. position to make sure that the various international bond markets aren't disproportionally affected. You've got inventory management by large institutions like ours to ensure that we can provide liquidity for our clients. So it remains fluid as you know it. But we run all sorts of scenarios against it.
Roger A. Freeman: Okay, that's helpful. Then separately, other sales and trading, I was wondering if could give us a little more color on what drove the delta there. You mentioned hedge gains on owned debt. Did you repurchase some of your own debt during the quarter? And if so, how much? And is that an ongoing activity?
Ruth Porat: Well, you got a couple of questions in there. So the other sales and trading line is, as we've talked about in the past, is pretty difficult to model. I appreciate because it has a number of items in it, and it has amortizing hedges from debt we bought back in '08, '09. It has our long-term debt hedging program. It has our bank liquidity portfolio, loan book, our deferred compensation plan. And so sometimes the items all move in one direction and sometimes they're offsetting, and so therein lies the complexity. We did buy back some of our debt over the quarter. It was a small amount, and so that really didn't explain it. It was really just the various across-the-board items.
Roger A. Freeman: Okay, got it. Then lastly, do you -- similar to what Goldman talked about yesterday on the relationship lending, both the CD backstops [ph], is that a big business for you? Are you considering potentially moving to hold the maturity? And tied to that, more broadly, are there other issues like this that maybe we put in an active mitigation bucket, that when we look forward to Basel III, helps you to even grow these ratios higher than what the past roll forward [ph] points to?
Ruth Porat: So with respect to lending an HFI, fundamentally, we are a mark-to-market shop. I think as it relates to the loan book, we obviously have a bank. We're the 15th largest U.S. depository by deposits. And so we're always considering what make sense in terms of capital and funding efficiency. I think notably in CCAR, mark-to-market loans were penalized substantially more than HFI loans. And our view is it's our responsibility to consider what makes sense for shareholders. So that is one consideration. And then the other question I think you're asking is with respect to what other repositioning under Basel III. And I think we have, as I noted, continued to focus on 2 things really within Fixed Income. One is share gains, the other is return on capital. And part of the return on capital driver is really having a forward lens to Basel III requirements and ensuring that we are positioning our businesses to be as capital-efficient under this Basel III regime. And so there should be continued benefit from active mitigation as we continue to rightsize some of the portions of businesses that are most affected by Basel III.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Carrier with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Carrier: Ruth, maybe, one follow-up on the expenses. So you guys have kind of the efficiency initiative over the next, I think, 2 more years on the $1.4 billion side. And then you have some of this restructuring. So I guess, just some update on what's going on maybe in the first, second quarter on the cost side, given some of the more recent moves versus any change on that longer-term efficiency project for the $1.4 billion.
Ruth Porat: So on the office of reengineering, we remain confident with that $1.4 billion, that's a target by 2014. And we're also very comfortable with the run rate target for this year, which is $500 million. The key focus areas are the same as the ones we've discussed previously, the highest ones being location strategy, procurement programs and tech spending. And so that's very much on track. But I'd underscore the non-compensation expense this quarter, which as I said, was down relative to last quarter. And that's notable because the fourth quarter is typically our sequential high. And it really underscores what we're doing at the tactical level. So if you put kind of the office of reengineering in this bucket, a bigger, more strategic, however you want to define it, cost-cutting that takes longer to do because we're repositioning the way we do certain elements of the business, and put that to the side. We also have a tactical initiative, and we're pleased with our noncomps because it shows that on even across-the-board small items, we've taken a really diligent approach to ensure that we're doing all that we can to control costs. And that also persists as we move into this new year.
Michael Carrier: Okay, that's helpful. And then James, just on the Wealth Management business, so 2 things there. Just margins in the fourth quarter tend to be low, you guys mentioned, just given the seasonality of expenses and then given where markets were. As we head into this year and assuming rates don't change, like where do you think margins can get, assuming flat, slightly up markets? And then just in terms of the buy-in, based on what you guys have it marked and where Citi's got it marked, in terms of odds of getting that concluded or taking in that 14% stake, like if it's somewhere in between, like a middle ground, is that -- do you see enough value in that business to be purchasing it for some level of that's in that range?
James P. Gorman: Yes. I'll talk about the second question and Ruth can talk about where we're looking at the margins here. On the process, just recall it's a call option exercisable, I think, at May 31 or June 1. If the parties can't agree, we go to a third party, and it's at fair market value. I don't think there's going to be a whole lot of mystery, frankly, irrespective of whatever institution has it marked at is kind of irrelevant. It's a question of what is fair market value. And we're both mature, grown-up institutions, so I think we'll quickly figure out our fair market value. And if we can't, then we'll obviously go to a third party. So it's not a traditional M&A-type transaction in that the prices are already determined which is market value. So I'm not particularly focused on that element of it. And as we said earlier, if you look at the strategic rationale for this business, it's part of our long-term plan, and we obviously count the goodwill against that capital already in it. So the incremental cost, if you will, of doing this against the benefit is relatively small to say the least. Ruth, I don't know if we have anything more to add on fourth quarter and where we're looking at this year?
Ruth Porat: Yes. And the only other thing to add, this is our call option. So similarly, our call option on whether it goes to arbitration. But with respect to margins, we're continuing to focus on the mid-teen margin target, and the levers that we've talked about remain very much the ones that Greg and his team continue to be focused on. So on the cost side, the lower integration expense having cracked the back on the major expenditures with the technology platform done in the third quarter of last year. But also given the environment, the team has raised the bar in expense management. And then similarly on the revenue side, a real focus on continuing growth of the managed account platform, as I mentioned, the ongoing growth in lending and a couple of other issues. And to be clear, that's not mid -- That's not 2012 guidance, that's kind of our mid-next year guidance.
Operator: The next question will come from Fiona Swaffield with Royal Bank of Canada.
Fiona Swaffield: I just had a question on the risk-weighted assets under Basel I. I think you said $316 billion. Could you take us through kind of some quantification of the moving parts? And then I also think that you mentioned sub-investment-grade securitizations, having done some work on reducing. Would that then mean that the Basel III -- is that part of the $100 billion rolloffs? Or does that mean that the $480 billion, which I think will obviously has gone down post the MBIA, to maybe $430 billion, if you could confirm that? Does that mean that, that number could be coming down a bit? I wonder if you could help us on that.
Ruth Porat: So on Basel I, why the risk-weighted asset is lower there? They're lower in part as I noted because of MBIA and also the balance sheet's lower. And so our risk-weighted assets came down in line with where the balance sheet is. With respect to Basel III, what we're really focused on, given there have been a number of changes affecting -- in guidance affecting both numerator and denominator over the last 1.5 years, when we initially gave out guidance on RWA inflation and mitigation. And Basel 2.5 has moved from an NPR to 2.5, is kind of moving around. So as a result, what we thought is the most effective and useful is to give you where we are in Tier 1 common ratio. And our Tier 1 common under Basel III, we're comfortable that it's approaching 10% by year-end 2012. In the numerator, we are deducting the MSSB NCI and adding consensus earnings. And in denominator, you have RWA inflation and passive mitigation from here through the end of 2012. We'll continue to be focused on active mitigation, to your question. And so that remains incremental upside of any active mitigation, but focused on the overall ratio here.
Operator: The next question will come from Daniel Harris with Goldman Sachs.
Daniel F. Harris: I was wondering if we can continue to focus on Global Wealth here for a second. So you mentioned that by the middle part of the year, the integration should be largely complete on the technology side. What happens then at that point with regards to the number of offices you have? And how do we think about that, assuming all else equal, with regards to your ability to take out non-compensation?
Ruth Porat: The offices -- we are continuing to look at where there are efficiencies in combining offices. Sometimes there are, sometimes there aren't because you have fully staffed active offices potentially within a similar area. So you can assume that across the board, we're continuing to look at where it makes sense to further consolidate or take or cut costs. And the team is being quite detailed about that. With respect to the technology spend and integration-related cost, the integration expense does come down. There is some software capitalization that then comes in, so you can't assume it's a cliff that drops off to 0. But it's come down meaningfully, and that's the real point there. And so we've hit the high point and it's rolling off. There are ongoing expenses that hit the P&L, and then the other expenses that the team can focus on include everything that you can imagine, all the details within the P&L, to do whatever we can to drive margin.
Daniel F. Harris: And so the integration costs this quarter were roughly $70 million or so and you expect that, that should trend down a little but not get to 0?
Ruth Porat: The point is the integration expense comes down to 0. But I just wanted to make it clear that from a margin impact that there are offsets to that, namely I think, the one most relevant is software capitalization. And there's some other items that continue to flow through the P&L once we're steady-state.
Daniel F. Harris: Okay. And then lastly on for me -- so thanks for the color earlier on into the very early 2 weeks of the year here. Obviously, a lot of us track activity levels, and they certainly seem weaker. But I wanted to focus in on one area that's more difficult, and that's credit. I think that, that's the one area where we look at that we can actually see some good results, if you're thinking about credit tightening and structured credit trading. Is that an area that's been something that's been better than we saw in the fourth quarter, which was down -- better in the first quarter that was down last year?
Ruth Porat: Well, again, it's very early, too early to say. I think that the marks that we -- the pain in credit in the third quarter was acute. And as I noted, it was modestly -- it was better this quarter but still not running at levels that are consistent with historic levels for that business. We have a very strong credit business broadly. And so there is upside as credit markets continue to heal. But I would say that, given that the major overhang, as both James and I said, is the Eurozone crisis and/or uncertainty in the Eurozone, it's too early to make a call on that.
Celeste Brown: And with that, we look forward to speaking to you on our first quarter call. Thanks so much for joining us this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-19 11:00:00) =====
Celeste Brown: Good morning. This is Celeste Brown, Head of Investor Relations at Morgan Stanley. Welcome to our Third Quarter Earnings Call. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements, which reflect the management's current estimates or beliefs and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. The presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our SEC filings at www.morganstanley.com for a reconciliation of such non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP figures and for a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of Morgan Stanley. This presentation, which is copyrighted by Morgan Stanley and may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent, is not an offer to buy or sell any security or instrument. I will now turn the call over to President and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James P. Gorman: Thank you, Celeste. Good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to be able to talk to you about our performance in these turbulent markets. Our businesses demonstrated resilience with strength across a number of our institutional areas, complemented by stability among retail investors and ongoing performance in MSSB. I'm also happy that we will be finally able to address some of the concerns and misinformation that have weighed on the stock of late. While it was tempting to address some of the issues as they arose, frankly, our view is that addressing every rumor is counterproductive. When Ruth walks you through the numbers, it should be apparent that the biggest challenge we face of late is subdued client activity. In fact, overall, we were modestly profitable in the quarter. Our firm and our system have derisked, both strategically and financially, which provides the type of stability needed in all times but particularly in challenging markets. Clearly, we're in a very dynamic environment and our journey is not done. But the U.S. financial system in general and Morgan Stanley in particular has made far more progress than it is being given credit. On the topic of the financial system, a few quick words. The regulatory landscape continues to evolve. We're managing our business with an eye towards Basel III and the SIFI buffer. We're already above the 7% Basel III base requirement for Tier 1 common and are confident about our ability to reach required levels in the appropriate time horizon. On the liquidity front, while we are significantly above proposed LCR ratios, we believe the regulators are doing the right thing for the system and the economy by taking another look at the calibration for those requirements. In regards to Volcker, it's far too early to determine the impact on our business model and the industry. We understand the regulators are trying to strike the right balance of preventing prop trading by depositor institutions, but at the same time allowing for market making in liquid markets. As we have repeatedly said, we have, over the past 3 years, taken the steps Volcker was designed to address. We have shut down our pure prop trading desk, we've spun our front point, we have announced plans to spin off PDT and we have meaningfully reduced the capital levels we intend to invest in support of the merchant bank. It is critical that the Volcker Rule does not restrict activities necessary for market making in liquid markets. We and the rest of the industry have an opportunity now to weigh in on these issues during the upcoming comment period. Let's turn to the environment. Market conditions are challenging. We're constantly reassessing whether we are experiencing something that is secular or cyclical and under what conditions we would act to shrink or change businesses, product lines, our overall balance sheet and our level of risk-weighted assets. I want to be very clear about something. We will continue to make whatever decisions are necessary if we indeed determine we are experiencing a secular change. We're not myopically focused on SIs, only on the returns we generate for shareholders. We will optimize our business mix and our balance sheet to generate returns that you should expect from us. We're all very focused on expenses. Ruth will walk you through an update of our cost-cutting program, and I want to briefly address compensation as it's clearly an important lever to drive returns. We will be balanced and remain focused on protecting our important franchises and paying those employees who are delivering differential value. At the same time, we're fully cognizant of the challenging environment and the need to deliver acceptable returns for our shareholders. That is the balance we intend to find at year end. If you take away one thought from my comments today, it should be this. We will make the necessary business decisions that need to be made to ensure that all the changes that have taken place at Morgan Stanley since the financial crisis, including reduced leverage, the shift in our business mix towards more stable revenue streams, the MUFG conversion and strategic alliance, the more than doubled liquidity and the elimination or spin off of our prop trading businesses, among others, all of these deliver the long-term shareholder value and performance investors expect. We're delighted with our ongoing partnership with MUFG and I particularly want to thank them for their support in the past period. We look forward to many opportunities to strengthen our relationship in the months, years and decades to come. Finally, it would be remiss of me not to acknowledge the incredible hard work and resilience of our employees, the steadfastness of our clients during this particularly challenging 6 weeks. Thank you. And now let me turn it over to Ruth.
Ruth Porat: Thank you, and good morning. I will address 2 broad areas. First, our results for the third quarter. Second, I will review our exposures in key geographic markets as well as the steps we have taken to ensure we have ample liquidity and funding now and in the future. Both topics exemplify the steps we have taken during the last 2 years to ensure we have prudently risk managed the firm, given the ongoing weakness in the global economy. Our firm-wide revenues for the third quarter were $9.9 billion, up 7% sequentially on a reported basis and down 28% when excluding DVA in each period. Revenues were $6.5 billion excluding DVA. Given the impact of DVA this quarter on our results, I will provide reported numbers but then also provide certain amounts, excluding DVA, to help with comparability quarter-over-quarter. Our noninterest expenses were $6.2 billion, down 15% from $7.3 billion last quarter. The firm-wide compensation ratio was 37% compared to 50% in the second quarter. Though excluding the effect of DVA, the ratio was 57% in the third quarter versus 52% in the second quarter. Non-compensation expenses were $2.5 billion, down 5% from last quarter. Non-compensation expenses this quarter included approximately $100 million associated with the U.K. bank levy. Overall, for the quarter, income from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley was approximately $2.2 billion. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $1.14 after preferred dividends. DVA positively affected our results by $3.4 billion or approximately $1.12 per share. Period-end shares outstanding were 1.93 billion, while our diluted average shares outstanding were 1.87 billion. Book value at the end of the quarter was $31.29 per share, while tangible book value was $27.79 per share, both up 4% from last quarter. Turning to the balance sheet. Total assets were $795 billion at September 30, down from $831 billion last quarter, reflecting lower levels of client activity and our own tight risk management. This included $180 billion of liquidity or 23% of our assets. Although our calculations are not final, we believe that our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel I will be approximately 13.1% versus 14.6% in the second quarter, and our Tier 1 capital ratio will be approximately 15.1% versus 16.8% in Q2. Risk-weighted assets under Basel I are expected to be approximately $350 billion at September 30. The increase in our RWAs is not reflective of an increase in risk taking but rather a change in a regulatory reporting interpretation. Previously, we applied a capital treatment for OTC derivatives collateral that reduced our overall RWAs based on regulatory reporting guidance received from the Federal Reserve. This month, we were advised by the Fed that based on their further review concerning the application of pre-existing regulatory policy, we should adjust our capital treatment for OTC derivatives collateral. In all circumstances, our calculations have been done consistent with Federal Reserve guidance. Neither the original capital treatment nor the revision carry through the Basel III. And as such, our previously provided estimates for our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III currently, and by the end of 2012, are not affected. We remain very comfortable under Basel III. We were over 7% as of the end of the third quarter, assuming full Basel III inflation of risk-weighted assets, no benefit from mitigation and unfavorable treatment of NCI. In addition, we continue to remain comfortable at the high end of the 8% to 10% range we have discussed with you for the end of 2012, reflecting passive mitigation driven by position roll-off. Now turning to our businesses in detail. First, in Institutional Securities, revenues of $6.4 billion were up 24% from last quarter, including the positive effect of DVA. Excluding the impact of DVA, revenues were down 39% sequentially. Noninterest expenses were $3 billion, down 19% from the second quarter. The compensation ratio was 24% in the quarter. Excluding the impact of DVA, the ratio was 51%. Non-compensation expenses included approximately $90 million related to the U.K. bank levy. The business reported a pretax profit of $3.4 billion. NCI, noncontrolling interest, was $60 million for the quarter, primarily attributable to the JV with MUFG that we managed. Turning to investment banking. Our activities flowed mid-lower market volumes due to increased market volatility and heightened concerns about global growth with revenues of $864 million, down 41% from the second quarter on lower revenues in each major category. At the end of the third quarter, according to Thomson Reuters, Morgan Stanley ranked #1 in global completed M&A, #2 in global announced M&A and #2 in both global equity and global IPOs, increasing our rank in global equities. Notable transactions included Texas Instruments' $7 billion acquisition of National Semiconductor; Capital One's $2 billion follow-on equity offering; and Temasek's $3.6 billion sale of equity stakes in both Bank of China and China Construction Bank. Advisory revenues of $413 million were down 23% sequentially, driven by decreased revenues in the Americas, offsetting higher results in EMEA. Equity underwriting revenues were $239 million, down 43% over the second quarter, driven particularly by lower activity in Europe. Fixed income underwriting revenues of $212 million decreased 59% from last quarter, results primarily reflected lower high-yield issuance and loan syndication activity. Equity sales and trading revenues of $2 billion included positive DVA of $620 million and were up 6% versus last quarter and 112% from last year. Excluding DVA, revenues declined 26% sequentially but were up 20% from a year ago. In the third quarter, the market was characterized by high volatility, high trading volumes and a generally challenging environment for our clients. Against this backdrop, our client flows outpaced a strong second quarter and were up double digit year-on-year. We gained share in cash markets globally versus last year. Significant growth in our derivatives and electronic trading client revenues partially offset seasonality in our European business and the effects of a relatively difficult trading environment. Prime brokerage revenues were down modestly on a sequential basis driven by deleveraging and lower markets, although the number of clients was up. Year-over-year, revenues and balances were both up double digits. It was recently announced that we took the top spot on the inaugural II All-America Sales Team survey. Additionally, we moved from sixth to third on a commission-weighted basis in the 2011 II All-America Research survey. Fixed income and commodities sales and trading revenues at $3.9 billion included positive DVA of $2.8 billion. Excluding DVA, revenues were down 43% versus last quarter and 17% versus a year ago. In aggregate, our fixed income business delivered in a number of our focused areas against the backdrop of a very challenging environment. The commitment to our rate franchise is yielding positive results with revenues up both sequentially and year-over-year, driven by greater client activity. We continue to see increased share in FX products on higher volume. Our commodities business turned in a strong performance on improve client flow. The relative weakness was in credit and mortgage revenues, 2 areas of historic strength for us. Lower results versus last quarter and last year reflect wider spreads arising from illiquidity and challenging market condition. Results in the fixed income business also included $284 million in losses related to monolines. Surveys from Greenwich Associates indicate that we gained more fixed income volume shares than any other dealer over the last year, ranking fourth overall with 6.6 market share versus 4.9 last year, with improvements across geographies and products. The other sales and trading line reflects negative revenues of $443 million. Turning to VAR. Average VAR decreased from $145 million in the second quarter to $130 million this quarter. As I pointed out previously, we report VAR based on a 4-year data series, which includes the 2007 and 2008 crisis period. To provide better transparency on the components of VAR, in our supplement this quarter, we have separately set out credit portfolio VAR to provide VAR both including and excluding Credit Portfolio VAR, which reflects counterparty spread volatility as well as our relationship lending portfolio and hedges. We believe this presents a clearer view of the components driving our VAR that are isolating the risk decisions we are making to date at the trading level. As you can see in the supplement, our average aggregated VAR by primary risk category for the quarter was $93 million versus $135 million in the second quarter. The Global Wealth Management segment demonstrated revenue stability in the face of challenging market conditions, one of the benefits of MSSB that we have highlighted previously. In a seasonally slow period, revenues of $3.3 billion were down 6% from the prior quarter, but up 5% versus the prior year. Asset Management revenues are primarily driven by asset levels at the beginning of the period and were thus roughly flat with second quarter levels and well above the year ago period. The other revenue line decreased on pure gains from sales from our investment portfolio. GWM's investment banking-related fees fell 26% sequentially as new issue underwriting volumes fell during the quarter. Trading and commissions were lower versus the second quarter, reflecting the market's impact on investments related to the firm deferred compensation and co-investment plan, though commissions were up substantially versus the third quarter of last year. Noninterest expenses were $2.9 billion, down 8% from last quarter. The compensation ratio of 61% in the quarter continued to be driven primarily by the formulaic grid payout and business mix. Non-compensation expenses were $896 million down from $1 billion in the second quarter. The FDIC assessment included in expenses was approximately $30 million lower than our expectation this quarter, all associated with the FDIC assessment related to Citi's depositories. FDIC fees should normalize in the fourth quarter. Integration costs were approximately $90 million in the quarter. Profit before tax was $362 million and the PBT margin was 11%. NCI for the quarter was $52 million, up from $4 million in the second quarter. Total client assets moved slightly lower to $1.6 trillion due to lower market levels, despite the highest net asset inflow since the JV's inception at $15.5 billion in the quarter. Net fee-based asset flows were $10.1 billion, contributing to the growth in fee-based assets under management to $465 billion at quarter end, up 6% year-over-year. Year-to-date, net fee-based asset inflows were $37.6 billion, an important factor in the stability of our revenue stream. FA's at quarter end were 17,291, down just over 300 sequentially, in line with our prior comments on FA headcount. Turnover in our top 2 quintiles was the lowest since the inception of the joint venture. Bank deposits were roughly flat with last quarter at $109 billion. Turning to Asset Management. We continue to make progress and take the appropriate steps in rebuilding our business and saw strong performance versus benchmarks in the traditional side of the business. Results were lower, primarily on markdowns in merchant banking and real estate funds due to declines in global markets. In Traditional Asset Management, revenues decreased 20% from the second quarter to $292 million, driven by lower average AUM as well as a reduction in principal transactions due to markdowns on investments associated with deferred compensation plan. In Real Estate Investing, revenues of $61 million were lower on markdowns this quarter. Given the ownership structure of these funds, the majority of the markdowns are passed to third-party investors in the noncontrolling interest line. In Merchant Banking, negative revenues of $138 million compared to positive revenues of $104 million in the previous quarter, driven by markdowns in private equity, particularly in the Asia Pacific region. Compensation expense was $133 million in the quarter, down from $285 million in the second quarter, driven by lower deferred comp plan expenses. Losses before taxes were $117 million. NCI was negative $18 million versus positive $92 million last quarter, reflecting the markdowns in consolidated real estate funds versus markups in 2Q. Total AUM decreased 9% sequentially to $268 billion, driven by market depreciation and net asset outflows of $5.8 billion. As of August 2011, over 76% of our long-term strategies continued to outperform their respective benchmarks on a 3-, 5- and 10-year basis. In addition to operating results, we have made progress in our office of reengineering, and we are thus taking up the expected savings from our 3-year program. We previously expected slightly more than $1 billion in aggregate run rate savings during the next 3 years, but now expect that figure to grow to $1.4 billion, net of cost to implement the savings with the possibility for further upside as we continue to make progress. These savings come from initiatives that address headcount compensation and non-compensation expenses, most notably with technology costs, procurement efficiency and location strategy. Now turning to my second topic, prudent management of the franchise. First, we have been focused on carefully managing risk in both peripheral and core Europe for the last 2 years. As you can see on Page 13 of our supplement, we've summarized our exposure for the peripherals and France. The schedule captures exposure to sovereign, financials, corporate and clearinghouses. Starting at the far right, we have provided our net funded exposure. We have then identified all hedges to get you to exposure consistent with the way we described it last quarter. We then provided you with the 4 components of our exposure. First, the CDS adjustment, which refers to credit protection purchased from the region on the region or from France on France. Second, we included funded lending. Third, net counterparty exposure, which includes repose and securities lending, which are both by definition a matchbook, and OTC derivative, which are subject to any master netting agreements as well as cash collateral. Fourth, is net inventory, which reflects netting of our short and long and single name positions. Our exposure excludes deposits and unfunded loans. To be clear, for the periphery, our net exposure is $2.1 billion, and excluding the benefit of hedges is $5.7 billion. This approach is consistent with the approach we reviewed last quarter. I'd also like to bring your attention to Italy, which as you can see in the exhibit, represents about 85% of our exposure to the region and is predominantly to the sovereign. Using the same approach with France, at September 30, net exposure was less than 0, and excluding hedges, the total was $1.5 billion. Approximately $1 billion of that amount includes our guarantee fund contribution and initial margin at a clearinghouse. Excluding the clearinghouse amount, we get to approximately $500 million. Let me turn to what is being called FFIEC data. As many of you know and have written about, FFIEC  Regulatory data present notional amounts outstanding in a country rather than providing a real measure of risk. In essence, the FFIEC data are reported on some combination of notional and growth asset basis and do not reflect the liability side of the balance sheet, and thus do not reflect offset for short positions or collateral. For example, reversed repo positions are reported growth with no deduction of collateral. In some cases, OTC derivatives are presented on a notional basis. And in addition, they are presented without the netting of collateral or without the benefit of offsetting trades that may have occurred in a different jurisdiction. In certain countries, the FFIEC data are particularly not reflective of risk exposure because the data include all volumes that go through a central clearinghouse that is located in that country. It does capture transactions taking place outside of a country. I'll share with you a couple of items in our June data for France so you can get a sense for how it differs from what we would consider risk. 20% to 25% of the FFIEC amount is a gross up of derivatives between fair value and notional. Approximately 55% of the amount reflects reverse repos through a French subsidiary of LCH Clearnet where we clear our reverse repos as well as other cash and collateral. Let me now address what we are doing to risk manage liquidity and funding. You've heard us say how focused we have been since the autumn of 2008 on diversifying the entirety of our funding mix, staying ahead of maturities and extending WAM to enhance durability and optimize funding requirements. With respect to funding, we raised $7.5 billion in the third quarter and $30.5 billion of unsecured funding year-to-date, thereby prefunding much of our upcoming requirements. We plan to access the vanilla debt markets only on an opportunistic basis for the following reasons. Our balance sheet is down from an average of $875 billion in Q2 to $849 billion in Q3, and we are focused on both sides and composition. In addition, as I have often discussed, we have significantly increased our liquidity pool over the last several years, in particular, in relation to the size of our balance sheet building a valuable buffer. Our liquidity averaged $138 billion in 2008, which we increased to $154 billion in 2009 and $159 billion in 2010. Since the start of this year, we have further grown the reserve from about $170 billion to $180 billion at the end of the third quarter. The liquidity reserve remains strong, notwithstanding the fact that during the third quarter, we opportunistically bought back approximately $2 billion of our own debt in the open market in addition to retiring $4 billion of our maturities. The larger liquidity reserve enhances our funding flexibility during ongoing market volatility. In addition, as I discussed at a recent conference, a key input in the sizing of the liquidity reserve is our rolling forward 12-month maturity. We reached the high point last month, and the rolling forward 12-month maturities will decline by approximately $10 billion in the first quarter of 2012, providing us with the ability to use some of the liquidity reserve while maintaining the same liquidity position versus our maturities. The 2 examples I've given, exposures and liquidity management, are consistent with the very deliberate, prudent approach to managing the firm that we have repeatedly discussed and is evidenced by our leverage down from 32x in 3Q '07 to 13x at the end of the quarter; balance sheet, down from $1.1 trillion to $795 billion; and capital, substantially enhanced, in particular with the conversion of MUFGs preferred into common, cementing our decades-long relationship. Let me close by turning to our outlook. Like everyone else, we remain concerned about growth prospects in both the U.S. and Europe, particularly because the path to growth depends heavily on choices made by policymakers and their ability to execute. Our pipelines remain healthy, but the ability to execute transactions is clearly affected by volatility in markets. With the move we have made during the last several years with respect to our business mix, capital and liquidity, we are confident in our foundation and our focus on optimally allocating resources to enhance returns firm-wide and best deliver for shareholders and clients. Thank you. And now James and I will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Guy Moszkowski with Bank of America.
Guy Moszkowski: I had a question for you about debt repurchases that I think you did during the quarter, maybe you can give us a sense for amounts, timing, how you think about that repurchase activity as part of your kind of long-term capital management plans. Then I have a couple of follow-ups.
Ruth Porat: So as I noted, the amount, we did buy debt throughout the quarter. In particular, as spreads widened, we bought debt towards the end of the quarter. We thought it was a profitable, smart move to make. Just for your reference, the debt buyback is reflected in the other revenues line, just so you know where to find it. And I think our view is, again, it's about prudently managing the liquidity portfolio. So we were early focused on those maturities that, in particular, are caught in that 12-month period of time, but as spreads widened it's just a wise prudent move to make, not just continuing to act appropriately as a market maker but the right answer for our shareholders. And so I think we'll continue to monitor it and do what's in the best interest depending on where the market is.
Guy Moszkowski: Is it ever possible to include in that debt repurchase significant amounts of the structured products that give rise to the DVA? Or have you thought about anything else you could try to do to do some -- put on some hedges or something now to try to lock in some of these very significant gains?
Ruth Porat: Well, 2 parts to your question. One, we do buyback structured notes. That's reflected in the overall debt repurchase number that I gave you. And with respect to hedging, we don't hedge DVA, the noncash item, and we don't hedge to manage an accounting result. Our view is it's not worth the expense and we really run the business based on economics. But we do, as a regular matter, buy some of it back throughout the year.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay, that's fair. Maybe you can -- I don't know if you've got the numbers that you'll use in the Q for the monoline CBA in terms of the gross counterparty exposure, the CBA adjustments and the counterparty hedges there. If you have those at this point, they would be useful.
Ruth Porat: So the monoline number is $284 million. I think I gave that. And that obviously, CBA is included in monolines, but there's more in that number as well.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay. Maybe I'll just follow up with you off-line just to sort of see if we can update the 10-Q disclosures without having to wait for those to come out. And then I guess the final question I have is on GWM. You talked about the fact that you had $90 million of the restructuring costs still in there and yet it certainly looks like you're capturing some significant reductions in costs, especially on the non-personnel side, relative to what we've seen. Are we starting to see some benefit from moving on to the new systems and being able to stop supporting some of the legacy stuff? Or is that something else going on?
Ruth Porat: We are pleased with the progress on the integration, having completed the platform, moved to Morgan Stanley FAs onto the platform and the success we have with it and benefits has been another way. We're able to move the Smith Barney FAs on to that platform earlier next year than we have previously anticipated, which is helpful. Part of the margin benefit this quarter, as I noted, came from the lower FDIC fee than we had previously expected coming from the Citi side. But very much to your question, Greg Fleming is very focused on expense -- disciplined expense management. And that is a core part of what he's continuing to focus on with the team. It's reflected in a number of different ways, but one example that I gave was the reduction in FAs. And what he's focused on is reducing the lower-productivity FAs, and that brings with it some incremental cost savings as well. So yes, the core part is expense discipline.
Guy Moszkowski: And let me ask a capital management question finally, that kind of ties in with MSSB as well. Obviously, you have approval from the Fed to purchase Citi's remaining stake in the JV.  And your current capital ratios are all certainly very strong in all the relevant measures, but your stock is so cheap. I just wonder what's your strategic attachment to moving forward with the MSSB timetable for repurchase relative to using some of your excess capital and liquidity just buying the shares here.
James P. Gorman: Guy, it's James. The strategic intent is pretty clear. We want to intend to own this business. But timing of executing on that is flexible. And we built in that flexibility when we negotiated the initial deal with Citigroup. Whereas you may recall, it's in 3 stages beginning in May of 2012. And it is an open-ended call option where we have the right at that point to exercise the first, next May, first 14% but not the obligation to do it at that point in time. We're obviously aware of where the stock is trading right now. It certainly feels a little better than it did 2 weeks ago, but it's not where we think it should be. And it's something that we'll take into consideration. But May is a long way off, and we've got to be careful not to mix long-term strategy with short-term tactical optimization.
Guy Moszkowski: So it sounds like you'll make game time calls as necessary.
James P. Gorman: Absolutely.
Operator: The next question will come from Howard Chen with Crédit Suisse.
Howard Chen: All of what you say on funding, risk exposures, liquidity makes a lot of sense. But whether it's a result of market rumors or not, I guess the reality of the situation is the CBS spreads widened during the quarter. So other than DVA and the opportunity to buy back debt, I mean, how exactly does that widening impact to -- what all you have to do on a day-to-day basis and in the client-facing business?
Ruth Porat: When CDS in particular widened, it's clearly frustrating when we look at what we were seeing in the number of liquidity, the exposures. What it did result in is a lot of what I think it's fair to characterize as very productive conversations with clients. We're able to talk about the changes we made that James really opened with the business mix, the approach to liquidity, funding, capital. How we fund the firm, fundamentally different than it was years ago. And that was, I think, quite productive. I made comments with respect to how we think about funding the business. Our view is that we've seen a bit of moderation here in spreads. And hopefully, with the incremental information, that will be helpful as well. But we're certainly thinking about all options and have a lot of flexibility.
Howard Chen: Okay, great. And just a follow-up to that, can you specifically discuss what, if any, movements you had in the prime brokerage balances during the quarter and maybe how much additional collateral you may have had to post in some of the over-the-counter transactions, again, if you see any meaningful changes in there.
Ruth Porat: Well, the simple answer is we didn't see any meaningful changes. In the third quarter, as I noted, PB was one of the better performing businesses in equities, that we did see an increase in the number of clients. And as we moved into the fourth quarter, we had some balances move out. We had some move in. Where they were moved, they were more likely partial than more than that, and the business remains very strong. It really did benefit from the changes over the last several years, the focus on relationship management, the focus on really working with clients across the platform, this topic of benefiting from adjacencies and institutional equities. So we really didn't see a meaningful change. A lot more conversations but not substance change.
Howard Chen: Okay. And then just returning to the monoline exposure, James. You've done a good job of leading the charge to clean up legacy issues of the firm and noted your desire to kind of achieve acceptable returns over time. So I'm just curious what's the feasibility and appetite to effectively remove this overhang once and for all, free up the risk capital, lessen the volatility in the earnings stream, is that doable?
James P. Gorman: I think you've got to play this out over time. I think we've managed -- Kenny and the team have managed the exposure much more aggressively over the last 12 months. And I think the results show that. We had a positive return in the first half of the year. We had a deficit in the last quarter. But we've got to manage this over time. There's a lot of complexity around the exposure, and it's not something that we are chomping at the bit to have results tomorrow.
Operator: The next question will come from Glenn Schorr with Nomura.
Glenn Schorr: So you've spoken loud and clear on liquidity rising, PB actually not affected, the number of clients actually went up. Just curious, finishing off on the hoopla on the quarter, were there many novations away in the quarter? It sounds like you defended the fort great, just figured I'd ask.
Ruth Porat: No. Simple answer.
Glenn Schorr: On the liquidity front, and we have some upcoming debt maturities, but obviously you have lots of liquidity to handle that. What's the right -- how do you strike the balance? What's the right long-term average maturity or duration of the debt outstanding? It's come down over the last couple of years to about 5 years and I didn't know how you strike the balance. Maybe that's in response to the balance sheet coming down.
Ruth Porat: Well, the reason I gave the roll forward is I think one of the critical elements in sizing a liquidity reserve is whether the likely outflows in a stressed environment -- one of the clear outflows that we can measure is what are upcoming maturities over the next 12 months. And the fact that maturities are coming down indicates that with the current liquidity reserve, if you roll forward to the first quarter and your outflows from that point on are $10 billion lower, you have flexibility within your liquidity pool. So we ended the quarter at $180 billion. We're sitting there today at $180 billion. That gives us a very nice liquidity pool going into the fourth quarter, in particular as our near-term outflows are declining because we're really knocking off the maturities as we go through the balance of -- because we have reserve for all of 2012 at this point. So that's probably one of the most important ways to think about how do you size liquidity reserve. I think as it relates to WAM, long-term debt WAM, it's generally in the same area. And we're trying to manage what we think is a prudent level. And as I've said also, when we look at what we're doing in the secured book, I think we were early and quite aggressive and thoughtful in pushing out WAM in the secured book and have continued to have that extension of WAM serving as well with the durability you've seen in liquidity.
Glenn Schorr: In FFIEC, if you add in all your comments on both DVA from both quarters and the MBIA gain and loss, it looks like FFIEC was only down about 4% quarter on quarter, just want to see if I did the math right. And then just curious on what got better since Barclays because something clearly got better.
Ruth Porat: So we did see greater stirrings coming into the latter half of September. I think the strong areas I've highlighted, rates in particular, performed very well. And I would say commodities was strong in particular as we went through the balance of September, and up nicely, granted off of a weak second quarter, but a strong performance. The tough area continues to be credit. Although I think there was some moderation there as well.
Glenn Schorr: Great. Last very simple one. You mentioned the cost saves projections going up net of the cost to implement. How big are we looking on the cost to implement?
Ruth Porat: We haven't broken that out separately. But the way to think about is in 2011 we're not indicating any savings. And the reason is we're really investing or spending what we need to do in order to make some of the moves, in particular in technology and location sourcing that will then yield benefit 3 years out.
Operator: The next question will come from Mike Mayo with CLSA. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Question related to FFIEC. I guess there are a couple of hung deals during the quarter in the syndicated loan market or leveraged loans, Kinetic Concepts and Blackboard. Just in aggregate, how much were the write-downs on the leveraged loans that were on your books?
Ruth Porat: Well, the write-downs were about 400. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division So all things equal, that should go away if the market stays stable?
Ruth Porat: If the markets stay stable, it should. I mean, obviously we're mark-to-market. I think when we look at the loans, and in particular the ability to move loans through -- that the thing that we point to is that the loans have been very well structured with covenants and pricing flex that give us the ability to move some of this. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division And do you have any other sizable negative mark-to-market adjustments in FFIEC. And if so, which businesses?
Ruth Porat: No. As I indicated, the tough market across the board was in credit. But no there's nothing else to raise. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division And as far as the outlook in the leveraged loan market, there's been a little bit more noise about some issues in some high-profile companies. Have you pulled back there? Or can you consider those one-off events?
Ruth Porat: Industry-wide, you saw volumes were down meaningfully in the third quarter. And I think really what we're seeing at this point is financial sponsor activity is also down quite a bit. As we look at the M&A pipeline, it's strong, it's very healthy, but not seeing real preponderance or the growth in sponsor activity. And so at this point what we're focused on is leveraged loans in the pipeline and ongoing syndication. And as I indicated with pricing flex, we have the ability, in our view, to execute on this. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division And then lastly, just your outlook for the fourth quarter. With the way the markets have been, should we expect something similar to this quarter?
Ruth Porat: The wild card, as I indicated, continues to be the macro environment. So the pipeline in banking overall is healthy. I just commented on M&A. The equity pipeline continues to build. And our view is that with some moderation in the VIX, we should start to see more of those deals working their way out of the pipeline and into execution. And the benefit is not just within banking but clearly goes to the secondary trading, also goes through the Morgan Stanley Smith Barney. So that's going to be an important driver and hard to forecast. What we're seeing though, healthy volumes on the banking side. And I think a lot of the real challenge in credit, but hopefully it starts to moderate given how tough it really was the levels at which we're currently operating. So if you can give me the outlook for the macro, I could answer your question more directly. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division If I can squeeze one more in. The compensation ratio seems a bit higher than some of your peers, probably a lot higher than you'd like. Is that because you gave some guarantees to new traders or what's happening there?
Ruth Porat: Definitely not because of guarantees. Year-to-date -- just let me break it down. First of all, obviously the firm compensation ratio is affected by the compensation ratio in MSSB, which is as you know, formulaic running at 60% plus. And so that's one important differentiation from other firms. Within ISG, excluding DVA, it was at 51% this quarter. That brings us to about 46% year-to-date. And what we're continuing to be focused on is ensuring that we can appropriately compensate those that are delivering returns for the franchise while balancing with what we need to do to deliver returns for shareholders. So it's a balancing act but I did want to at least catch you up on the year-to-date 46%, give you a sense that the third quarter had a bit of a catch up in it.
Operator: The next question is from Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Quick question on equities. You guys highlighted high levels of client activity. But if we x out that DVA revenues were down a bit quarter-over-quarter, just trying to get a sense for what the right flow level is there? Was there some noise in the last quarter that maybe we should be looking through as far as maybe some benefit from positioning? Or can you help me kind of get my head around that one?
Ruth Porat: Certainly. So the performance was off of a record second quarter. There are, I think, probably 2 items to highlight. One is that a lot of the activity this quarter went through the electronic trading platform, or MSET electronic trading platform, which is a terrific asset but it tends to be lower margin revenue than broadly in our cash equities business. So that's one driver to where is that revenue coming from. The second, as I noted, is that the second quarter tends to be seasonally strong in Europe on an annual basis. And so we were -- we knew that coming off of the second quarter, we had that strength in the second quarter that wasn't going to flow through to the third quarter. That was well offset in certain regards with the strength in derivatives and cash equities and PB. But it did create -- it explains some of the difference.
Brennan Hawken: Yes, tough comp, okay. And then just quickly on peripheral European exposure, the table is great. Thanks for that. Is it possible maybe for you to give us an idea of the impact of collateral on the net counterparty exposure column that you've got in there?
Ruth Porat: So the net counterparty exposure line, as I indicated, captures a number of different things like repo transactions. So it's really running a matchbook, and so we haven't broken that out.
Operator: The final question will come from Roger Freeman with Barclays Capital.
Roger A. Freeman: A lot has been covered here. I guess on VAR, I wanted to ask you the interest rate VAR came down, I guess that was an average basis. I guess one question, do you have the end of quarter VAR? Was it any different? And b, just want to kind of square that with the market share gains that -- it sounds like you continue to make in the third quarter or just the activity levels were a lot higher so there was less capital commitment required that brought the VAR down?
Ruth Porat: So overall, the -- if you follow with IR, I think we have all the breakdown of the various categories, which I don't have in front of me. I think the main point, VAR did come down because we saw starting mid-June client activity really coming down. And I think this line item, which I found helpful hopefully, is for you to break out credit portfolio VAR, just focus on where we're making risk decisions today, really punctuates the point about the extent to which risk is lower this quarter than it has been actually in quite some time.
Roger A. Freeman: Okay, yes -- no, I was asking about the interest rate VAR. In that table in the back that came down. That kind of stood out given the increased commitment you've been making in that business.
Ruth Porat: Right. And that, I think that really goes to it's very much of a flow business and so you don't see as much VAR utilized there.
Roger A. Freeman: Got it, okay. The debt that you repurchased during the quarter, what was the -- can you say what the gain was on that?
Ruth Porat: It was less than $100 million in the P&L.
Roger A. Freeman: Okay. And are you blocked out like companies are with stock repurchases around earnings or I think can you buy debt any time?
Ruth Porat: On debt repurchases there's a window when you're blocked out, so we bought not all the way through the quarter because there was a bit of a block out again.
Roger A. Freeman: Okay. So there probably wouldn't have been an opportunity to buy yet this quarter?
Ruth Porat: No, I think it's 2 weeks on either side.
Roger A. Freeman: Got it, okay. Just I guess, I know there is not a lot to really answer on Volcker, but as you look at -- to whatever extent you look at the draft yet, did anything -- or what stood out as surprising relative to what you expected to see from discussions that you've had with the regulators in the preceding months?
James P. Gorman: What stood out to me was that a simple proposition of ensuring that depositor institutions don't take on aggressive proprietary trading was converted into 290 pages with an additional 394 comments, questions asking for commentary, some of which have multiple parts to them. I'm not criticizing the regulators, this is very a complex thing they're trying to find and fortunately they've opened up a healthy, I think, it's 5 to 6 months for the industry to weigh in with directive and providing a list of all of the questions that they felt needed addressed. Everybody, maybe not everybody, I think most sensible people are trying to get to a sensible outcome, which is to protect deposits from the kind of natural crisis we had, but not lose any of the robust liquidity strength of the global capital markets. So we've got 6 months to work on it and work on it we will.
Roger A. Freeman: Is it your sense, James, that there's a lot kind of thrown in here to, because they've asked a lot of questions that they want to put more rather than less in there and have a full template to work off of?
James P. Gorman: I think it's a reflection of this is a very complex set of changes that potentially going through, and they want to be very careful to make sure they get real input from all the market participants to make sure we don't somehow mess this up.
Celeste Brown: Thanks so much for joining us in our third quarter call. And we look forward to speaking to you in 13 weeks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-21 10:00:00) =====
Celeste Brown: Good morning. This is Celeste Mellet Brown, Head of Investor Relations at Morgan Stanley. Welcome to our Second Quarter Earnings Call. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements, which reflect management's current estimates or beliefs and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. The presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our SEC filings at www.morganstanley.com for a reconciliation of such non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP figures and for a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of Morgan Stanley. This presentation, which is copyrighted by Morgan Stanley and may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent, is not an offer to buy or sell any security or instrument. I will now turn the call over to President and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman.
James Gorman: Thank you, Celeste. Good morning, everybody. Before handing the call over to Ruth, I just want to make a few comments about our performance this quarter and importantly, how that balances our strategic direction. Speaking that we've just completed a Board meeting in Tokyo with our partners, MUFG, and I'm pleased I was able to make it back in time to join this call. When I became CEO about 18 months ago, I had a list of 10 or so important steps that we felt needed to be achieved in order to restore Morgan Stanley to the strong financial position we have enjoyed so much by history. Chief among those were enhancing the already-strong performance and client focus of our Equities, Banking and Capital Markets businesses; improving share and performance in fixed income; successfully integrating MSSB while growing assets, revenues and margins; derisking Asset Management to focus on our core institutional and merchant banking activities and then growing from that base; selling or shutting down the pure proprietary businesses that we had pre-crisis; resolving legacy balance sheet issues; increasing our liquidity; and importantly, achieving an early conversion of the MUFG-preferred security with the 10% coupon. Our progress has, at times, been uneven over the past 6 quarters, and the shifting regulatory landscape has made it challenging to anticipate required capital and liquidity levels. Our single-minded focus has been to drive forward against these goals and in so doing, shorten the list. In a moment Ruth will walk through the segment results, but let me touch on a few key items. Equities, Banking, Capital Markets are in great shape. The results reflect it, and we have achieved several high-water marks this quarter. In fixed income, despite a very complicated challenging market, our teams delivered solid performance and we are improving client connectivity, and the results demonstrate it. In GWM, revenues, flows and assets were all strong. However, we remain very focused on expenses in this business. Margins must improve and do so soon. Finally, the MUFG conversion has received relatively modest attention, but in our view, was a breakthrough from Morgan Stanley. By converting the security at the cost of 75 million shares or approximately $1.7 billion, we have permanently removed a $780 million annual drag on our earnings while simultaneously increasing Tier 1 common by approximately $8 billion. Just as importantly, we have enhanced the alignment with our Japanese partner. The most recent evidence of which was taking our whole Board to Tokyo to meet with them. By them now applying equity accounting to our earnings, MUFG prospers when Morgan Stanley prospers. Thus, we have great incentives to combine our resources and client contacts to drive incremental results and leverage both balance sheets, including the joint commitment of $30 billion in our global lending joint venture since inception. These are unquestionably challenging markets, but our focus is and must be on methodical and resolute forward progress, with an ever-increasing eye on those things which we do control, in particular driving greater penetration with our clients while leveraging our global platform, as well as stringent cost management, including the firm-wide expense reengineering program Ruth discussed extensively at the recent conference and will discuss, no doubt, more through the course of this call. Let me turn it back to Ruth.
Ruth Porat: Thank you, and good morning. Our firm-wide revenues for the second quarter were $9.3 billion, up 22% sequentially on a reported basis and up 7% when excluding DVA in each period and the MUMSS-related loss last quarter. Results also reflected gains related to monolines in the quarter versus losses in the first quarter of 2011. Our noninterest expenses were $7.3 billion, up from $6.8 billion last quarter. The firm-wide compensation ratio was 50% compared to 57% in the first quarter. So excluding the impact of DVA and the MUMSS lost last quarter, the ratio was 52% in the second quarter versus 51% in the first quarter. Non-compensation expenses were $2.7 billion, up 10% from last quarter. Non-compensation expenses this quarter included $130 million associated with our joint venture with Huaxin Securities in China as well as about $45 million in higher FDIC fees in Global Wealth Management that I alluded to last quarter. Overall for the quarter, income from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley was approximately $1.2 billion. Diluted earnings per share was a loss of $0.38 after preferred dividends. That is attributable to a noncash charge of approximately $1.7 billion related to the conversion of MUFG-preferred into common reflected in the preferred dividends line. This translated to a $1.02 per share negative impact to diluted earnings per share for the quarter. The charge was partially offset by savings of $196 million in preferred dividends due to the earlier-than-expected conversion. DVA positively impacted results by $244 million. Period-end shares outstanding were 1.93 billion, while our diluted average shares outstanding were 1.46 billion. Excluding the charge, EPS would have been calculated on an if-converted basis because of the earnings level in the quarter. Diluted average shares outstanding underlying the if-converted method were $1.79 billion, which is what the calculation of the charge is based on in our press release. We are very pleased to have closed the conversion, which puts the firm in a robust Tier 1 common position. Our partner, MUFG, now owns more than 22% of our shares outstanding. And pursuant to the conversion agreement, MUFG now holds 2 seats on Board, subject to conditions of the agreement. In addition to MUFG converting its preferred, MUMSS has been working through a strategic risk management review and remediation program and has changed its leadership and process controls. As we previously announced, MUFG increased the capital in a joint venture during the quarter, $86 million of which accrues to Morgan Stanley equity and book value. Book value at the end of the quarter was $30.17 per share, while tangible book value was $26.61 per share. The changes in book value and tangible book value reflect the benefit of net income earned in the quarter as well as the impact of the MUFG conversion. Turning to the balance sheet. Total assets were $831 billion at June 30, which included $182 billion of liquidity or 22% of our assets and reflects our enhanced approach to secured funding including extending WAM, investor diversification and strong governance. Although our calculations are not final, we believe that our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel I will be approximately 14.6%, up from 11.7% in the first quarter, and our Tier 1 capital ratio will be approximately 16.8% versus 16.5% in the first quarter. Risk-weighted assets under Basel I are expected to be approximately $304 billion at June 30. Now turning to our businesses in detail. First in Institutional Securities, revenues of $5.2 billion were up 44% from last quarter and included the positive impact of DVA. Noninterest expenses were $3.7 billion, up 17% from the first quarter. The compensation ratio was 43% in the quarter. Excluding the impact of DVA, the ratio was 45%. Non-compensation expenses increased over the first quarter, largely due to the expenses associated with our new China joint venture I mentioned previously. The business reported a pretax profit of $1.5 billion. NCI, or non-controlling interest, was $117 million for the quarter, primarily attributable to our joint venture with MUFG. Turning to Investment Banking. Our activity remained robust with revenues of $1.5 billion, up 46% from the first quarter on higher revenues across the board, M&A, equity and fixed income underwriting, and up 66% from a year ago. We generated our highest M&A revenue quarter since 2007 and our strongest reported quarter ever for the firm in fixed income underwriting. At the end of the second quarter, according to Thomson Reuters, Morgan Stanley ranked first in global completed M&A, second in global announced M&A and second in both global equity and global IPOs. We led significant deals including 4 of the top 5 transactions in global completed M&A. Notable transactions in banking included Marathon Oil's $15.2 billion spin-off of Marathon petroleum, the 22.4 billion merger of VimpelCom and Weather Investments in Italy, Glencore International's $10 billion IPO and Chrysler's $3.2 billion high-yield issuance. Advisory revenues of $533 million were up 38% sequentially, driven by a significant increase in America's revenues, partially offset by lower results in EMEA. Equity underwriting revenues were $419 million, up 47% over the first quarter. Results were healthy across regions with particular strength in Europe, which saw increased activity in both IPOs and rights issues as well as higher Asian activity centered around large Hong Kong and China IPOs. Activity was also diversified across sectors with particular strength in technology, financials and materials. Fixed income underwriting revenues of $521 million increased 54% from last quarter. Results were driven by an increase in acquisition's enhanced activity in both the investment-grade and noninvestment-grade markets. Equity sales and trading delivered its highest revenue since the financial crisis at $1.85 billion, including positive DVA of $52 million, driven by a focus on clients and continued share gains. Excluding DVA, we generated a sequential revenue increase of 4% with 40% growth from a year ago on market share gains in cash equities, client derivatives activity as well as continued strength in financing products, notwithstanding lower market volumes and an increasingly challenging environment for investors. Prime brokerage revenues were up significantly sequentially and double-digit year-over-year, while client balances continue to grow modestly. Derivatives revenues were down from their highest results in the first quarter due to lower volatility levels, partially offset by higher client volume. Year-over-year, equity derivative revenues were up significantly. Growth in our electronic trading businesses continued to outpace the market. And our ongoing commitment to sustaining a world-class research product, alongside our potent sales and trading business, continues to yield strong results in independent surveys. Our efforts to balance institutional equities performance across products and regions has resulted in greater earnings stability even in challenging markets, a primary objective for all of our major businesses. Fixed income and commodities sales and trading revenues of $2.1 billion included positive DVA of $192 million. Fixed income markets during the quarter were difficult and especially so in commodities, which experienced very significant and material declines on lower client activity across the sector. In aggregate, our fixed income business outside of commodities and excluding MBA, evidence the ongoing progress we are making. For example, results of recent surveys from Greenwich Associates and Orion Consultants indicate that our market penetration across fixed income is growing, while our service levels continue to improve with clients. Of note, client volumes in FX increased from the first quarter, reflecting stronger activity in the Americas. Our rates revenues for the first half of 2011 were higher than the same period last year, although the second quarter revenues were down from the very strong first quarter. Credit revenues reflected strength in structured credit although were lower than the first quarter, due primarily to the decline in securitized products after a notably strong first quarter. Results in the fixed income business also included $471 million in gains related to monolines. We made changes to our hedging program related to monolines during the quarter, as we continue to actively manage this mark-to-market exposure. We will continue to evaluate this exposure and hedges as appropriate going forward. Other sales and trading negative revenues of $510 million primarily reflected the usual items, but in particular, losses on our loan book this quarter. Turning to VAR. Averaged trading VAR increased to $145 million versus $121 million last quarter and compares to $139 million in the second quarter of last year. In Global Wealth Management, we continued to make progress on the integration, with attractive asset flows in the quarter even during a seasonally weak period. Revenues of $3.5 billion were up slightly from the prior quarter and up 13% versus the prior year. Revenues in the Investment Banking line within GWM highlight the benefits of our solid issuance calendar. Trading and commissions were lower, reflecting reduced levels of retail engagement, with investor conviction declining throughout the quarter. Asset Management fees were up due to higher indices at the start of the quarter on higher assets under management. The other revenue line includes gains related to sales out of our AFS portfolio among other items. Noninterest expenses were $3.2 billion, up 2% from last quarter. The compensation ratio of 62% in the quarter continues to be driven primarily by the formulaic grid payout and business mix. Non-compensation expenses were $1 billion, up from $964 million in the first quarter and primarily reflect the implementation of the new FDIC assessment, with approximately $45 million of incremental non-compensation expenses in the second quarter. This was driven by an increase in the assessment on Citi's depositories, but partially offset by a decline in the assessment on the Morgan Stanley depositories. Based on steps taken by Citi, we expect the assessment for the third quarter will return to approximately first quarter levels. Non-compensation expense includes integration costs of approximately $98 million. Profit before tax was $322 million and the PBT margin was 9.3%, up about 250 basis points year-over-year. NCI for the quarter was $4 million, down from $74 million in the first quarter. Total client assets remained strong at over $1.7 trillion and well above prior-year levels on market appreciation and net asset inflows of $2.9 billion in the quarter, which represents a marked improvement from outflows in the second quarter last year. Net fee-based asset flows were $9.7 billion, driving fee-based assets under management to a record-high $509 billion at quarter end, up 29% year-over-year. We see fee-based assets as valuable for our clients and the firm, because they enable us to leverage the power of the platform on behalf of clients and deliver a more stable revenue stream. Over the last 12 months, net fee-based asset flows were $45 billion. The number of FAs was 17,638, down just over 160 sequentially in line with our prior comments on FA headcount. Bank deposits were $110 billion, of which $56 billion are held by Morgan Stanley Bank. Turning to Asset Management. We continue to make progress and take the appropriate steps in rebuilding our business, reflected in higher revenues and AUM over last quarter. In Traditional Asset Management, which includes our long-only liquidity and AIP fund-of-funds businesses, revenues increased 13% from the first quarter to $366 million and are up 44% versus the prior year. Results were up on higher average assets under management, driven by a positive market appreciation. Notably, these gains do not reflect much benefit from our significant inflows into the liquidity fund because, as is consistent with industry practice in a low interest-rate environment, we are waiving substantially all fees on these funds today. Keep in mind that liquidity funds tend to generate an attractive margin in a more normalized interest-rate environment. In Real Estate Investing, revenues of $175 million were up on higher marks versus the prior quarter, approximately $95 million were related to investment gains from consolidated measure [ph] of funds. The majority of the gains were related to third-party investors and are reversed in the non-controlling interest line. In Merchant Banking, revenues of $104 million included reduced investment gains in private equity driven by lower marks in the Asia Pacific region and the absence of a full quarter of revenues related to FrontPoint, but offset by gains in our infrastructure fund. Compensation expense was $285 million in the quarter, up from $255 million in the first quarter, driven by a number of items, some of them one-time. Profit before tax was $165 million for a margin of 26%. NCI was $92 million, up sequentially reflecting gains in consolidated real estate funds as previously mentioned. Total AUM increased 7% sequentially to $296 billion driven by net asset inflows of $15.7 billion and market appreciation. As of May 2011, over 73% of our long-term strategies continued to outperform their respective benchmarks on a 3-, 5- and 10-year basis. Finally, turning to our outlook. Over the next several months, we would expect some relief in the markets due to policy makers in Europe and the U.S. avoiding the precipice. In addition, we hope to see the economy rebound modestly due to the absence of one-off events that impaired global growth, such as the tragic tsunami in Japan and the resulting supply chain disruptions as well as the impact of higher oil prices due to what is being called the [ph] spring. That being said, activity levels are seasonally slower in the summer months, which could be exacerbated by uncertainty in the market about policy, regulation and ultimately the outlook for growth. On the positive side, there is ample liquidity ready to be deployed when the fog lifts. With $1 trillion of cash still on S&P 500 balance sheet, nearly 2x median levels and bank and client leverage at a very low level, activity could pick up significantly if there are real political breakthroughs. And we continue to chip away at opportunities to enhance the franchise, building capital and liquidity, further building share with clients and successfully addressing a number of items over the last year and a half, including reducing legacy positions which were drags on the business, exiting noncore businesses to enable us to redeploy capital to support our core business and as James indicated, optimizing our expense structure. What was once our "to-do" list is slowly getting closer to being our "done" list. Thank you, and now James and I will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Howard Chen with Crédit Suisse.
Howard Chen: James, you noted you didn't believe you were garnering much attention for the MUFG conversion. I guess in that context, given your capital levels appear well above Basel targets, how are you prioritizing capital management here? I know you've mentioned in your past your desire to buy-in the first stake at Smith Barney, but given where the stock is trading below tangible book and you're checking these priorities off the list, does it make sense at all to you to shift focus here on maybe repurchasing shares?
James Gorman: Well, firstly, Howard, I think about this 2 chapters. The first chapter is to build ourselves into a fortress position, where we have the capital at the levels that we should have capital. That's been our focus, not just with the MUFG conversion in this quarter. Obviously, it's a mandatory conversion with the CIC last August and with the various accretive quarters that we've had in between. So game #1 was put ourselves in a position of strength so that we do have options. Clearly, with the stock trading where it is, we're not stupid. We evaluate those options on a continuous basis. We have, with Smith Barney, the ability to purchase the next 14% in May of 2012. So approximately 12 months from now is the first opportunity, but it is an open-ended option. We don't have to move at that date if, obviously, we felt that there was a better use of capital at that point in time. That's something that we constantly evaluate, Ruth and I and the management here talk about all the time. We do intend to run the Smith Barney business. But we built flexibility into the negotiation when we purchased this back in early '09 for exactly this kind of purpose. So Ruth may want to add on that broader capital planning, but we are focused on both long-term strategic intent and short-term optimization of our capital structure.
Howard Chen: Okay. And shifting gears. We can see the progress in the Institutional Securities business. But with that, VAR trended higher while most of your peers went in the opposite direction. Is that simply a function of the rebuild of the sales and trading efforts or do you think there's other factors that impacted VAR? And should we expect that to continue?
Ruth Porat: No, I think you framed it well in your question. We have been on the view that we can increase market share by about 2% initially and continue to build from there. And really, what we're doing is building share back to levels where it was historically, back to where it was when Kenny was running the business previously, more in line with business, our other businesses. And so we're gaining traction with clients. I think we're seeing that. Third-party surveys are underscoring that. And with respect to VAR, we're basically running at levels we have historically. And I think notably, we ended the first quarter at VAR pretty close to these levels, saw strength continuing with clients throughout the quarter. It did come down at the end of the quarter. In fact, end-of-quarter VAR was 129, because we really saw clients starting to back away from the markets with the ongoing uncertainty, in particular, in Europe. But this is very much, I think, a continuation of building up the franchise.
Howard Chen: Okay. And then just on Europe, Ruth, could you just update us on gross and net exposures related to peripheral Europe? And how you're thinking in managing risks specific to that region?
Ruth Porat: Absolutely. So EMEA, obviously, is an important market for us, and we've been focused on managing our exposures in the periphery for quite some time. The net funded exposure to the peripherals, Greece, Ireland, Portugal, Italy and Spain is about $2 billion. This includes exposure to sovereigns, corporates and financial institutions. It does exclude the benefit of any peripheral sovereign collateral and hedges purchased from peripheral banks against peripheral risk. And our gross exposure's about $5 billion. Both net and gross exposures exclude unfunded loans and any overnight deposits, and we'll have more details on all of this in the Q.
Operator: The next question will come from Glenn Schorr with Nomura.
Glenn Schorr: First of all, good for you for turning around the MBA hedge. But let's exclude last quarter's loss and this quarter's gain and let's exclude DVA. If you look at SIC [ph], I think it was down a little bit more quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year versus the peer group, obviously, better than Goldman but a little less than the peer group. I heard the opening comments about connectivity in some of the surveys. Just the thought process as we're going on 2 years in, in terms of revenue ramp relative to peers. And I say it relative to peers because, obviously, it's a tough market. So just the thought process on what to expect there as you continue to build out and are you done building out now?
Ruth Porat: So a couple of things. First, overall fixed income and commodities performance was very much affected, as I noted, by the activity in the commodities market. We have a strong team in commodities. It's historically been a very strong business for us, but was down meaningfully relative to last quarter and relative to prior periods. And as we've talked about in the past, our commodities business is really a mix of 2 businesses, structured solutions for clients and flows. And usually, that diversification helps us, but both were weak in the second quarter. And so we had the results was trading was lower. And the clients' side, the lack of trending volatility prevented consumers and producers to commit to hedging. So revenues, while positive, were down quite significantly quarter-over-quarter. And the lower levels in commodity really masked, we think, the relative progress across the balance of the fixed income franchise. So we're continuing to do what we've talked about in the past. We're focused on consistent progress. We said it would take some time to continue to build up our share in fixed income but are pleased with the progress we're making. And the hiring we did is, I think, a core part of it. We have the team in place, and they're continuing to focus on driving share.
James Gorman: I just want to add, Glenn, I just want to add something to that, and I've said this before. Leadership really matters in these businesses. And I think Kenny is doing a terrific job. We're fortunate to have somebody that experienced coming back into that role. And the team around him, we really have a team on the field now that can get this job done. But it takes some time. The SRM program we've built up, the connectivity that we're seeing through the surveys, the integration with TIPIC [ph] and the team in equities is very important, and it's a series of small steps.
Glenn Schorr: Well, I definitely appreciate that. It sounds like rates and FX were actually up quarter-on-quarter, given the beat down on commodities. So that is the progress, because I don't think the markets were.
Ruth Porat: Actually, the rates business is up first half over first half. It was down off of what was a very strong first quarter. But we're overall very pleased with the performance across our desks.
Glenn Schorr: Okay, I appreciate that. And then in Wealth Management, obviously, tough markets and low rates. You can only do so much. But can you update us specifically on the systems conversion side and where we're at in both what needs to get done? What's gotten done? And then what that can produce in cost saves?
Ruth Porat: We've talked for a very long time about the platform being completed built by the third quarter of 2011 and moving all of the Morgan Stanley financial advisors onto the platform by the end of the third quarter of '11. And here we are in the third quarter, and we're very much on track for that, so pleased with that. The next step is training the Smith Barney financial advisers, moving them on to the platform. That will begin at the end of this quarter and goes through mid-next year, and so very much on track with the integration. We're continuing to spend. It was, I think, $98 million integration spend this quarter. But to your question, one of the key elements to increasing profitability across Morgan Stanley Smith Barney is completion of the integration, and this is a very important milestone.
James Gorman: I just want to -- Glenn, on this, the way I think about it is every month that we go through this integration is a month that we're not spending in the future. In other words, we're one step closer. And at the same time, Greg Fleming, Jim Rosenthal and the team working on the integration with Baricocoin [ph] are looking at beyond the Smith Barney piece which occurs, as Ruth said, early, middle part of next year. What else we really need to do to get ourselves faster to the finish line? So we've taken aggressive relook at the back end of some of the integration steps.
Operator: The next question will come from Mike Mayo with CLSA. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Just wanted to follow up on the Wealth Management. So the margin was down linked quarter, but it would have gone up from 10% to 11% if not for the FDIC charge, is that correct?
Ruth Porat: The FDIC charge was incremental. We had number of ins and outs with the business. But as I indicated, the FDIC charge, we believe, is fully going away this quarter. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. All right. So all things considered, the margin in the third quarter should be 11%?
Ruth Porat: No, we also had the sale out, the incremental gain I noted in the other line, which was sale out of the AFS portfolio. So as I indicated, we had a number of ups and downs. And we're adding on top of that, real focus on expense management to continue to drive it forward, but I'm not going to put a number out there now. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Okay. And then the net inflows to Wealth Management, it wasn't a whole lot relative to the $1.7 trillion of assets, at least compared to say, some of the pure-play brokers, the online players like Ameritrade, Schwab, even E*TRADE had higher inflows. Now you've turned it around, but when do you think we'll see more substantive inflows?
Ruth Porat: Well, you hit the right point, which is when we look year-over-year, we're very pleased with going from some meaningful outflow second quarter of last year to inflows this year. And we are continuing to see that kind of progress that's affecting our overall flows in the business. The other point I made is that we're quite focused on managed money, given what that does for our clients and for the business. And that's a helpful added boost to overall performance in Morgan Stanley Smith Barney. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. And then lastly, as it relates to expense control for Wealth Management or for the firm as a whole, I might have missed this, but what are your overall targets to improve any measure of expenses or efficiency?
Ruth Porat: We think of really the expense management as a 3-legged stool. There's the tactical expense management, which we continue to do, and as James just noted, was were very focused across our businesses. But in particular, Greg is really pushing hard within Morgan Stanley Smith Barney to help drive margin. There is the office of reengineering that we've spoken about previously, which is really stepping back from some of the more tactical, cost-cutting initiatives and looking at what broader changes we can make in the way we're addressing spend. For example, more meaningful looks at what we're doing in technology, where can things be outsourced more efficiently, what can we do on legal entity structure, a whole host of initiatives that we've identified, built-up, bottoms-up to the office of reengineering and established $1 billion run rate savings over 3 years coming from that leg of the stool. And then we're very focused on headcount. So as I indicated previously in the year, making sure that we're quite focused on reducing, in particular, underperformers. As I noted, our headcount was down amongst FAs in Morgan Stanley Smith Barney. We're having that same kind of discipline across the business. And obviously, that's not just compensation expense but every employee has a multiplier effect with them. They're in the building, they use data, there are a whole host of things that go along with it. So that kind of control over headcount, it's really those 3 that drive, will drive noncomp and comp control. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. All right.
James Gorman: Can I just go back to your question on flows? Because we're kind of an inflection point here in the industry. You're right in the observation against the online players. The full-service firms typically have much larger outflows in the second quarter because of tax season. But a more sort of strategic issue is what is the quality of the assets? And I've noticed at least one of our competitors has stopped reporting net new money. What really matters is the net new annuitized money and the revenue that you generate on annuitized assets versus transaction assets. So that will be an increasing part of the conversation going forward.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Carrier with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Carrier: Maybe on the trading side, and I guess particularly on equities but even on the fixed income side, when we look at rates, FX and credit. Year-over-year last -- or second quarter is pretty challenging as well. But when you look at since you made those investments, it's always hard, we all compare revenues across the businesses and across the peers. But in terms of market share, can you dig down and provide any detail on product levels in terms of where you've gone or where you come from? And then where you see additional opportunities?
Ruth Porat: Well, starting with equities. I think there's a lot of -- it's the best reported quarter since 2008. And that really was with broad strength and with the backdrop of anemic industry volumes. So the data we've looked at underscores that we're gaining share really across the globe. And I think it's really a testament to the great job the team is doing. But we saw improvement in our prime brokerage franchise. We continued to see strength, again, across products in a challenging market, but it really goes to the strength of the franchise. Our Delta One business, although revenues were lower in line with the decline on industry volumes, what we're seeing is share is up. And similarly, in our Derivatives business, we're seeing strong client flows. So it is, I think, is evidenced by the numbers. They speak for themselves. In terms of share, we're doing well across the board. And in fixed income, again, what we're seeing is greater activity, greater flow. The data that we've looked at goes more to some of the qualitative factors. We're having greater traction with clients. They're turning to us more. And again, I think what you'll see when everyone reports is it will be our best way to have a proxy for what overall is the share. We've targeted 2% market share growth. And the way we measure our progress is we look at the top 9 players globally and just take our revenues relative to the entire pool. And we look forward to the rest of our peers reporting, so we can try and quantify that answer.
Michael Carrier: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, earlier this year, you discussed the reengineering or the cost initiatives over the next 3 years and targeting around $1 billion. And when I think about the industry, we're seeing quite a few banks, brokers kind of go down the same path. Some are taking a faster approach, like may be in the next 6 months, in the next 12 months. And so I guess when you look at the macro headwinds, the regulatory pressures, one is do you feel that's enough? And two is are there any businesses within Morgan Stanley that you feel like given the regulatory changes and the pressures, can be done better or can compete better on its own with other pure plays?
Ruth Porat: So strategically, we think the portfolio of businesses we have is a potent combination. And we have exited a number of businesses, and as you've seen over the last couple of years. And we're very focused on the kind of the symbiotic nature between what we're doing on the institutional origination and distribution side on the one hand and retail distribution on the other. And within Institutional Securities, the ability to deliver across products for our clients. So I would say on that, we're very pleased with the portfolio of businesses we have. And within our Investment Management business, we see opportunity for growth given the performance of across a lot of the funds and the power of this brand around the globe. So as it really goes to the second part of your question, or maybe it was the first part of your question, what else can we be doing with respect to our cost structure? We have 3 legs of the stool. We're very focused on each one of those legs, the tactical expense, the strategic through the office of reengineering and headcount, and making sure we're doing what we can to drive returns across the business. I would say, as an example, in sales and trading, when we announced our hiring program over a year and a half ago, we were very careful to point out that we were looking to hire to narrow the gap to our peers but not to close the gap to our peers. In fact, back then, we talked about having headcount that was maybe 20% to 25% lower than our peers, with the view that they would come down to us rather than us going fully up to them. And so what we're very pleased about is we have a strong cohesive team that's making progress on our market share goals. And I think that's part of the reason you're not hearing comments like that from us, because we never, we didn't close that gap fully.
Operator: The next question will come from Guy Moszkowski with Bank of America.
Guy Moszkowski: I was wondering, first of all, if you would have an estimate of your pro forma Basel III basis core Tier 1 ratio at the end of the second quarter?
Ruth Porat: So Tier 1 common would be around 6.5% to 7% under Basel III at the end of the second quarter, the range really being depending on the treatment of the MSSB NCI of $4.3 billion. And of course, that's looking at our balance sheet as of the second quarter. There's no benefit for any mitigation that -- past mitigation or anything that would roll off over time.
Guy Moszkowski: Got it. And are you still estimating about the same sort of RWA inflation and mitigation that you had talked about potentially in the past? No real change there?
Ruth Porat: No real change. We're comfortable with the prior guidance of about $480 billion risk-weighted assets by year-end 2012.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay, that's helpful. Back to GWM. I'm just trying to envision what we should really be looking for in terms of how the expense dollars might evolve. As you complete the systems integration, first, of the legacy Morgan Stanley folks and then the legacy Smith Barney people for the next 12 months, how will we see that really manifested in the P&L?
Ruth Porat: So the integration spend has been running at about 80 to 100 a quarter. And we will continue -- we've finished the technology platform this quarter and moved the Morgan Stanley FAs over, as I said. But we are continuing to spend as we go through the training of the Smith Barney FAs and running in parallel to ensure data quality, data integrity through kind of mid-next year. And so you really start seeing the benefit of the integration spend rolling off more towards the back half of next year.
Guy Moszkowski: Got it. And is all of that captured in the, I think you said $98 million type of numbers that you've been telling us each quarter? Is it integration or it's more than that?
Ruth Porat: Yes, that's the integration spend.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay. So that's what we should expect to see go away but not any other costs of supporting legacy systems that somehow aren't captured in that?
Ruth Porat: So to be clear, as I said, it starts rolling off because we continue to do -- we get the Smith Barney FAs moved on, on the second half of -- or at the end of the first half of next year. And then we have incremental work with the Morgan Stanley Private Wealth Management system, but it's rolling down through next year.
James Gorman: Got it. And then final...
James Rosenthal: There is another aspect to it, which we have not quantified but clearly is going to be a focus. Once you integrate the systems, you're putting 800 branches all on the same system. That means all the branch office infrastructure is now coordinated. So where we have capacity utilization issues, say you have 2 offices in one regional city a couple of miles from each other, we can't move those people yet. We can't consolidate the infrastructure. We can't get rid of dead real estate, because they're in different systems. They'd be moving to an office, they might be on the wrong system and all their clients' records, cost bases on accounts and some would be gone. So once the integration is done, we have a lot more flexibility as to how you manage across those 800 branches.
Guy Moszkowski: Right. Yes, I kind of thought there had to be more somehow. And does that include the fact that even at the branch level, you might have what that then will be sort of redundant systems and operations folks?
James Gorman: I mean again, we haven't quantified that. But that will be the work that gets done once you're all on one platform.
Guy Moszkowski: Got it. Final question that I have relates to the monolines, and how those positive revenues this quarter, negative last quarter related to the -- the actual underlying positions that those things were put in place to hedge, I mean I've had some discussions with clients this morning about should you back that out or add it back in the first quarter? And I guess to me, what's really relevant is to what extent did that revenue actually or positively to offset losses in what was clearly a very difficult, distressed mortgage-type environment. Can you give us a little color for how to think about the 470 in that context?
Ruth Porat: Sure. So we adjusted -- we obviously adjusted the hedges. If we had not adjusted the hedges, we would have had losses again this quarter. And so the risk management around this was an important part of the story and the outcome. I think more broadly within our Securitization business, if you're asking about mortgages, that is consistently a very strong business for us. We traded and risk managed well in what was a difficult market. We were off from a very strong first quarter that was driven by client demand, but still had good performance in that business and are really pleased with the work the team did in what was a challenging market.
Guy Moszkowski: Got it. And maybe just a little more color then on what kind of adjustments you made to the monoline hedge to get a better outcome?
Ruth Porat: So as we've said in the past, we constantly evaluate the position and adjust the hedges. And we'll continue look at the position and assess where we think it's best to be and where we kind of where we think the position of the markets will be.
Operator: The next question will come from William Tanona with UBS.
William Tanona -: One of your competitors earlier this week had mentioned that Europe and Asia were particularly weak. And if we look at your results, obviously, we saw that in Europe but did not see that in Asia. Asia was actually very, very strong for you guys. Can you give us some color and context around what drove that significant performance this quarter?
Ruth Porat: Well, overall, we have a very strong business in Asia across Sales and Trading, Banking. I think one of the points though to focus on quarter-over-quarter is we did have the loss in MUMMS, at our MUMSS joint venture last quarter. So when you normalize through that, we're basically in line. But I guess again, it goes -- the strength that we saw is because of cost of the businesses, Sales and Trading and Investment Banking. Europe was strong in our equity underwriting area, as I noted, large rights issues and IPOs. But fundamentally, it was a tougher market in Europe with the backdrop of the European sovereign crisis.
William Tanona -: Okay, that's helpful. And then I guess going back to equities. Obviously, a very strong quarter for you guys, and you guys were the only ones that were up quarter-over-quarter versus your peers. And I know you mentioned volatility, I know you mentioned prime brokerage, but can you give us any additional color as to what really helped to drive that?
Ruth Porat: I think the strength of it, as I've already noted, was that we had breadth across products and around the globe. And so that's an important part of the franchise. I'd say on our Prime Brokerage business, the revenues were up meaningfully versus the prior quarter. But as I noted, balances were up only modestly. And what we're really focused on within Prime Brokerage is the adjacencies across the equity franchise. So we think that's, again, this notion of connecting the dots across the business and the benefit of really leveraging what we have across Morgan Stanley, and you see that in these numbers because even in a market with lower industry volumes and cash equities, our business is continuing to do well.
Operator: Your final question will come from Roger Freeman with Barclays Capital.
Roger Freeman: I guess I wanted to come back -- a couple of issues have been brought up. First on capital. I guess when you reiterated, I guess, what you said in the past but if you are going to be at a roughly 10% Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III, wondering what -- how you think about what level you wanted -- would actually want to run at relative to the SIFI buffer assuming, let's say, you're 9%? Would you look to run at a buffer, 100 basis points or so, to that? And do you think it's important to be there immediately? Or other firms have suggested they might lag into it. And I ask that in the context of whatever decision you may want to make around the next Smith Barney purchase opportunity.
Ruth Porat: So it's obviously a topic that's in flux. But the way we think about it is we expect our to SIFI buffer will be around 2%, based on the guidance we've heard. We are hoping we get some final clarity resolution by year end. And our view is that although there are theoretical kind of phase-in through 2019 from everything we've seen so far, we think the market will expect us to be at those types of levels much sooner than the kind of 2019 Basel grid. And so we're looking to run closer to that number sooner. And our expectation is that with much higher capital levels, not only has the required percentage changed, but obviously, both the quality of capital and the calculation of risk-weighted assets is different, so it's meaningfully higher, which means that our buffer on that number appropriately could run at a lower level at about 50 or 100 basis points. I think we're still trying to assess what level's appropriate. But I think the added factor as we think about it, and very much to James' point, is we continue to operate in a very uncertain environment. The macro backdrop is uncertain. And we think that having this type of very strong capital position does give us some flexibility, which is important. Strong capital and strong liquidity really provide a kind of fortress foundation, and it give us the flexibility as we get greater clarity on what is the SIFI buffer, what is the phase-in to then assess what's the best next step and the most optimized views of that capital to drive returns.
Roger Freeman: Okay. And then as it relates to all of that and in Smith Barney. Is it, if you by the -- if you do buy the next 14% next year, does the impact to Tier 1 capital ratio under Basel III actually -- is it fair to say that's probably a bigger increase than what the cost of that piece would be? In other words, there is a revaluation of what's remaining that would drive RWA up as well?
Ruth Porat: No, I think what we're most focused on is -- what's an appropriate price is in the best interest of our shareholders, and that's really the factor that would drive what's the adjustment to book value. It's not really an RWA, kind of an RWA concept as much.
Roger Freeman: Okay, all right. And then I wanted to just ask separately on coming back to VAR. The increase, I guess, the rates and the credits were up about 25% sequentially. And I just wanted to square that with the there's the commentary around client close being lower sequentially. Were there more concentrated positions you built around your risk book during the quarter?
Ruth Porat: So our VAR was, overall, in line with where we've been running it for the, as I noted, for kind of since fourth quarter '09. And similarly, in the credit rates line, you'll see the same kind of trend. I think what's notable is at the end of the first quarter, we were running with VAR above $134 million. And the average this quarter was up some from that but came down at the end of the quarter. And so our ending number was $129 million. Why? Because it was really towards the end of the quarter, really in June, we started seeing more concern amongst investors with the ongoing issues, in particular, in Europe. So we had good activity. And I think, our view very much across the franchise is that what clients expect of us is content with a point of view and that we put balance sheet and risk around that to facilitate trading where it makes sense. And I think in particular, in times like this, they're looking for a point of view and that's what our team is very much focused on. So the volumes that you saw coming off of the first quarter persisted for a good part of the second quarter, and then came down towards the end of the second quarter.
Roger Freeman: Okay. And then just last question. On commodities specifically, that VAR came down. I guess 2 questions. One, was commodities actually positive in the quarter? And secondly, was that a business that you pulled back on in terms of capital deployment or that was just not getting knocked around a lot?
Ruth Porat: Revenues were positive. And this was something where, again, it was business leaders' view based on activity they were seeing with clients, which was quite muted given the -- what was going on in the broad markets. Everyone basically stepped away from that market. So on the flow side, as I noted, given the dramatic swings that were going on, in particular in oil, energy, were strong. It really drove a lot of the activity to the sidelines. And similarly, there wasn't much on the hedging side given what was going on in the market. So this was very client-driven, less activity really stepping back from the market after what transpired throughout the quarter.
Celeste Brown: Thank you so much for joining us for our call, and we look forward to speaking to you again in October.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-21 10:00:00) =====
Celeste Brown: Good morning. This is Celeste Brown, Head of Investor Relations at Morgan Stanley. Welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements, which reflect management's current estimates or beliefs and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. The presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our SEC filings at www.morganstanley.com for reconciliation of such non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP figures and for a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of Morgan Stanley. This presentation, which is copyrighted by Morgan Stanley, may not be duplicated or reproduced without our consent, is not an offer to buy or sell any security or instrument. I will now turn the call over to President and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman, for today's call.
James Gorman: Thank you, Celeste. And good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us. I'm going to take you through the major components of the quarter and our announcements this morning before turning the call over to Ruth to review the results in detail. First, we made clear progress increasing client share, and this translated to financial performance. We've seen the benefits of our investment in hiring and leadership as we execute across our businesses. In Institutional Securities, our trading results demonstrated considerable improvement and reflect continued focus and discipline while we maintained at/or near the top of the league tables in global M&A and equity underwriting. Equity sales and trading had an outstanding quarter, its best since the financial crisis, as we continue to gain market share across our 3 major businesses. In fixed income and commodities sales and trading, we made important progress versus a year ago in interest rates, and all products were up sequentially. In Global Wealth Management, we're pleased with our progress, and the MSSB integration remains on track. We delivered higher revenues. However, margins were lower as we indicated they would be on the last quarter's earnings call. In Asset Management, revenues were solid and asset flows gained some momentum. Now secondly, in addition to improvements in our operating results, we had a significant benefit arising from the completed sale of Revel, which was a positive development. Finally, as you're aware, we have a comprehensive strategic partnership with MUFG. In that partnership, we've set up two businesses in Japan that operate on a joint venture basis. One business is operated and risk managed by Morgan Stanley. The other is operated and risk managed by MUFG. MUFG has a 60% economic interest in each joint venture while ours is 40%. We were disappointed to announce that there was a significant trading loss in the business operated and risk managed by MUFG. Because of the economic structure, we will bear 40% of that loss, which drove a $0.26 per share impact this quarter. Over the past weeks, the following things have occurred. MUFG will be injecting capital into the business that will partially offset the losses consistent with the shareholder agreement. MUFG, with the active input of Morgan Stanley, has taken a number of steps to address the issues that gave rise to the loss and to materially de-risk the business. Ruth is going to discuss each of these steps in the business in more detail. Notwithstanding the loss, we remain fully committed to our partnership with MUFG, which we regard as powerful and strategic. And we're constantly looking for ways to extend our relationship around the world. On that note, we are particularly pleased to jointly announce today that MUFG will make a full conversion to our common shares of their $7.8 billion face value convertible preferred shares. This is a signature event for Morgan Stanley and reflects the strength of our ongoing partnership. The conversion will reduce annual preferred dividends by nearly $800 million, increase our earnings power and further enhance our capital ratios. Subsequent to the conversion, our capital position is unquestionably strong. It will increase our March 31 Tier 1 common ratio by 270 basis points on a pro forma basis. We have made significant progress strategically repositioning the firm and moving towards a strong and durable institution while diligently focused on cleaning up some legacy issues. Although we've taken major steps to be in a position of operating strength, we understand that significantly more progress is expected, and it remains the focus of this management team. This is an institution that is extremely well positioned for the future, no matter the environment. So now let me turn it over to Ruth to review our financial results in more detail, and then we'll be available for questions and answers.
Ruth Porat: Thank you, and good morning. Overall, for the quarter ended March 31, income from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley was $966 million, with diluted earnings per share of $0.50 after preferred dividends. I will focus my discussion on 2 primary areas: first, the MUFG-related items, including the JV loss, the portfolio being managed by Morgan Stanley and the impact of the pending conversion; second, the operating improvements across our businesses globally. With respect to the MUFG-related items, on the JV loss, our 40% economic ownership in MUMSS, the joint venture that MUFG operates, resulted in a negative equity pickup of $665 million (sic) [$655 million] or $425 million after-tax, which equates to $0.26 per share. The loss was associated with trading results and write-downs in its fixed income business, operating expenses and other costs. This loss is reflected within Institutional Securities in the other revenue line item. As James indicated, MUFG is solely responsible for maintaining an appropriate level of regulatory capital at the MUMSS joint venture as part of the short shareholder agreement. Morgan Stanley is not required to add capital nor is our ownership in the joint venture diluted when MUFG injects capital. There was no capital injection in the first quarter, because MUFG had not completed its capital assessment by March 31. They have since concluded that they will contribute approximately $370 million of capital in April. This will partially mitigate the reduction in our book value by approximately $145 million and will be reflected in the second quarter. To the extent that there are additional losses in the MUMSS joint venture that affect regulatory capital, MUFG will be required to inject additional capital. Thus, the impact to Morgan Stanley could be partially mitigated from a book value perspective. Following the loss, MUFG has embarked on a thorough and strategic risk management review and remediation program and is changing the leadership and process controls at MUMSS. MUFG is holding people accountable and moving forward to make necessary changes. Given the restructuring and management changes under way at MUMSS, it was viewed as beneficial to transfer a portion of the portfolio that drove the losses to the Morgan Stanley-controlled joint venture in Japan, MSMS. We executed the transaction on an arm's length basis taking into consideration the size, liquidity and risk of the portfolio as well as the associated capital requirements. We will consolidate the full P&L associated with these positions in our fixed income results as we do all of MSMS. MUFG's 60% economic interest will continue to flow out of the noncontrolling interest line. And finally with respect to the equity conversion we announced today, as James mentioned, MUFG will convert its $7.8 billion face value convertible preferred into our common stock, subject to regulatory approval and a shareholder vote. This will eliminate $784 million in annual preferred dividends. This security was not callable by its term other than when our stock hit its certain threshold. To effect an early conversion, we agreed on what we believe is fair consideration for foregone dividends, and we will be paying the premium via the issuance of an incremental 75 million shares of common stock. As a result, we will be incurring a charge in the third quarter for this dividend based on our stock price at the time of conversion. Pro forma, based on yesterday's closing price, this would equate to approximately $2 billion. Total common shares outstanding will increase by approximately 385 million reflecting the conversion and the dividend payment. After the conversion, MUFG will own approximately 22.4% of Morgan Stanley. Pro forma, assuming the conversion occurred at March 31, our Tier 1 common ratio is estimated to increase by 270 basis points. Now turning to our firm-wide results. We continue to make progress across our global platform. Our first quarter revenues were $7.6 billion, down 2% sequentially but up 5% when excluding DVA in each period, the MUFG-related loss this quarter and the CICC gain last quarter. Our noninterest expenses were $6.8 billion, up 2% from last quarter on higher compensation expenses, partially offset by a decline in noncompensation expenses. The firm-wide compensation ratio was 57%. Though excluding the impact of the MUFG-related losses and DVA, the ratio was 51%. Noncompensation expenses were $2.4 billion, down 5% from last quarter primarily due to lower professional services expenses, partially offset by higher brokerage and clearing. We are focused on driving down our cost structure further through business reengineering. In February, we announced the creation of an office of reengineering and expense management under our COO and have commenced a 3-year program targeting $1 billion in annual run rate savings. Results for the quarter also included a tax benefit of $447 million or $0.30 per share related to the completed sale of Revel. The benefit arose from the remeasurement of a deferred tax asset and the resulting release of a related valuation allowance. Excluding this discrete tax gain and the effect of the MUMSS loss, the quarterly effective tax rate from continuing operations would have been 28%. Book value at the end of the quarter was $31.45 per share while tangible book value was $26.97 per share. Turning to the balance sheet. Total assets were $836 billion at March 31, up $28 billion sequentially driven by higher client demand. Although our calculations are not final, we believe our Tier 1 capital ratio under Basel I will be approximately 16.7% and our Tier 1 common ratio will be approximately 11.8%. Pro forma at March 31 for the pending conversion of MUFG's convertible preferred equity, our Tier 1 common ratio would be approximately 14.5%. Our Tier 1 capital ratio was affected by the change in the treatment of trust preferred securities, or TruPS, effective March 31. This capital is now limited to 15% of core capital and, therefore, approximately $4 billion of TruPS are now classified as Tier 2. This change does not impact our Tier 1 common ratio. Risk-weighted assets under Basel I are expected to be approximately $300 billion at March 31. We remained focused on RWA mitigation and optimization, and the decrease in RWAs versus December 31 came from a combination of business mix, analytics and collateral changes. Now turning to our businesses. Institutional Securities revenues of $3.6 billion included the impact of the MUFG-related losses mentioned earlier and the negative impact from the tightening of credit spreads on firm-issued structured notes, commonly referred to as DVA, of approximately $189 million or $0.08 per share. Sequentially stronger trading results were driven by increased client flow but were partially offset by lower volumes in Investment Banking reflecting typical seasonal patterns. Noninterest expenses were $3.2 billion in the quarter, flat from the fourth quarter. The compensation ratio was 54% in the quarter. Excluding the impact of the MUFG-related losses and DVA, the ratio was 44%. The business reported a pretax profit of $397 million. Investment Banking revenues were $1 billion, down from the fourth quarter on lower industry volumes but up nearly 15% from a year ago. This was our strongest first quarter in Investment Banking since 2007. For the quarter, Morgan Stanley ranked first, again, in global announced and completed M&A, and we were third in global equity. We led significant deals, including 3 of the top 5 transactions in global announced M&A. In the quarter, we advised on a number of significant transactions, including Deutsche Telekom's $39 billion sale of T-Mobile to AT&T, the $15.2 billion merger of ProLogis and AMB Property and HCA Holdings' $4.4 billion IPO. Advisory revenues of $385 million were down 20% sequentially driven by lower activity in the Americas. Equity underwriting revenues were $285 million, significantly lower than the fourth quarter and reflected industry volumes that declined by nearly half following the record issuance level last quarter, particularly in Asia. Fixed-income underwriting revenues of $338 million declined 9% from last quarter as higher investment grade issuance was more than offset by lower loan syndication and municipal finance fees. Equity sales and trading revenues of $1.7 billion included negative DVA of $30 million and represent our highest reported quarter since the financial crisis. Results were strong across our businesses and in each major geography driven by broad-based increases in client flows as we continue to make targeted investments. Of note, our European and Asian businesses were up significantly versus the fourth quarter. In addition, the U.S. equity research department improved its ranking to #3 in its 2011 Greenwich analyst and PM surveys, up from seventh and eighth, respectively, in 2010. Cash equity revenues were up over 10% from the fourth quarter as a result of sustained market share gains, alongside client and geographic diversification, outperforming against a market backdrop of muted volumes in the U.S., volatility in Asia and growth in Europe. Derivatives outperformed in the quarter on expanded client footprint with sequentially higher client flows against the backdrop of elevated volatility arising from global macro events. Growth in our electronic businesses in cash equities and derivatives continued to outpace market volume. And prime brokerage recorded the highest level of client balances since the financial crisis as we continue to focus on innovation and client service. Fixed income and commodities sales and trading revenues of $1.8 billion included negative DVA of $159 million. Results benefited from an increased client activity and better facilitation, with particular strength in Europe, while all product lines showed improvement from the fourth quarter. We continued to invest in the electronic trading platform for this business. Interest Rate's revenues more than doubled from the previous quarter on strong client flows across all regions, particularly Asia, and included increased electronic share in Europe and more sustained activity in the U.S. We continued to make progress growing this business, where revenues were up 10% on a year-over-year basis, in particular, liquid flow rates were up over 50%. Credit revenues increased meaningfully versus the fourth quarter with particular strength in securitized products. They were down from the prior year reflecting a quieter market in corporate credit. FX revenues were also up on higher trading revenue versus the fourth quarter despite muted FX volatility during most of the quarter. We recorded our single largest electronic trading day in FX this quarter. Commodities revenues were up significantly from the fourth quarter due to increased market volatility. Fixed income results continued to reflect a drag from the tightening of monoline credit spreads in CMBX indices with net losses of $318 million. Other sales and trading negative revenues of $458 million primarily reflected losses on economic hedges related to the firm's long-term debt and funding costs related to the higher amount of liquidity held by the firm's U.S. subsidiary bank. Turning to VaR. Average trading VaR declined to $121 million from $132 million last quarter primarily driven by reductions in credit and foreign exchange. Global Wealth Management revenues of $3.4 billion increased 3% sequentially as higher Asset Management fees and commissions were partially offset by lower Investment Banking revenues due to a quieter new issue calendar. Noninterest expenses were $3.1 billion, up 4% from last quarter on higher compensation expenses. The compensation ratio of 62% in the quarter continues to be driven primarily by the formulated grid payout. Integration costs were approximately $80 million. Profit before tax was $348 million, and the PBT margin was 10%. Total client assets increased sequentially to $1.7 trillion on market appreciation and net asset inflows of $11.4 billion in the quarter. Net fee-based asset flows were $17.8 billion. As you consider the second quarter, note that client flows tend to be seasonally weak due to tax filings. The number of FAs was 17,800, within our expected range, while turnover within our top 2 quintiles remained near historic lows.  The decline in headcount was due to our focus on reducing low performing FAs, which could result in further reductions next quarter. Deposits in our Bank Deposit Program were $112 billion, of which $54 billion is held by Morgan Stanley Bank. With respect to the second quarter, implementation of the new FDIC assessment rules may result in significantly higher FDIC charges related to the Citi depositories, which are part of the MSSB bank deposit sweep program, partially offset by lower FDIC charges related to the Morgan Stanley depositories in the same program. It is expected that Citi will take actions to mitigate most of the impact sometime during the third quarter. In addition, fed funds is half of what it was in the fourth quarter and well below where it was during the first 3 months this year. As you know, we have some sensitivity to rates, and the movement could pressure net interest margins. Let me turn to Asset Management, where starting this year, we have organized this segment around 3 businesses. We have aligned our AUM and asset flow disclosure and provided the revenue breakout for these businesses in the supplement. The first is Traditional Asset Management, which includes our Long-Only, Liquidity and AIP fund of funds businesses, and where revenues declined 6% from the fourth quarter to $325 million. The second is Real Estate Investing, where revenues of $118 million declined on lower investment gains. Approximately $42 million was related to investment gains from consolidated mezz rep funds. Given the ownership structure of these funds, the majority of the gains are passed to third-party investors in the noncontrolling interest line. The third is Merchant Banking, which includes our private equity and infrastructure businesses and our hedge fund investments, where revenues of $183 million included lower investment gains in private equity and lower management fees as well as the absence of a full quarter of revenues related to FrontPoint. PBT was $127 million for a margin of 27 -- of 20%. The Traditional Asset Management business reported strong margins in the quarter. Total AUM increased to $284 billion as market appreciation and net asset inflows of $1.4 billion were partly offset by the reduction in FrontPoint AUM. Inflows were driven by equity and liquidity assets. As of February 2011, over 74% of our long-term strategies continued to outperform their respective benchmarks on a 3-, 5- and 10-year basis. Now turning to our outlook. We are cautiously optimistic about the operating environment with healthy liquidity and increased confidence providing tailwinds for our capital markets and advisory businesses. Risk assets have been resilient with markets absorbing and recovering from macro and geopolitical moves more quickly than in prior periods. However, concerns remain regarding the potential slowing pace of the U.S. growth, particularly at the impact of monetary fiscal stimulus wanes as well as ongoing stresses in Europe. These contradictory factors were evident in what we would characterize as moderate risk taking in the first quarter, but an improvement from the risk-on, risk-off environment of much of last year. Beyond the operating environment, we are benefiting from the strategic moves and investments that we have made. First, we are pleased with the pending equity conversion that puts us in an even stronger capital position. And most notably, within our business segments, we saw ongoing progress in many areas in sales and trading. In fixed income, we continue to see the benefits of our investments to broaden our footprint. And in equities, our team globally was able to capture additional market share. We remain very focused on the disciplined execution of our strategy to continue enhancing our global footprint and growing our share of the market to deliver for clients and shareholders. Thank you, and now we will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Howard Chen with.
Howard Chen: Congratulations on the announcement of the MUFG conversion. I think one of the overhangs I've certainly heard is you've got a lot of capital, but the quality of the capital was a bit challenged. So this certainly alleviates that. I think assuming you receive approval, Ruth, how does that change your capital management priorities in the context of both Basel I and Basel III?
Ruth Porat: That' s a very good and fair question, but a bit premature. We're delighted to be announcing this, this morning. As you said, it does meaningfully improve our Tier 1 common. Delighted to be up at 14.5% pro forma, but we still need to go through final regulatory approval and shareholder vote. I think, overall, it puts us in a very strong position with added flexibility, and we'll be back to you more on that in the future.
Howard Chen: Okay, thanks. And then switching over to the results, you noted the monoline-related losses again this quarter. Could you just update us on where exposures stand at the end of the quarter? And what we should be looking at in terms of thinking about future losses and/or gains?
Ruth Porat: Certainly. So as we said before, this is a legacy exposure that will take time to work out. It's unfortunately not as straightforward as it may appear, because there are a number of factors in play and correlations are breaking down. So in addition to normal credit considerations, there's regulatory and litigation overlay. We're continuing to evaluate the market in all positions. So you're going to see more disclosure in our Q. As you would expect, we have adjusted some of our hedges, and that will be detailed in the Q.
Howard Chen: Okay, thanks. And finally, you noted the RWAs were down during the quarter. Is that more environmental driven, or is that a function of getting ready for Basel III?
Ruth Porat: It's really our approach and focus on RWA mitigation and optimization. We've put more resources, people and analytics behind our RWA management. And as a result, it enabled us to identify opportunities to really optimize RWA. It's a combination of business mix change, analytics and changes in collateral. And we're focusing on Basel I now, but intend to use that same discipline focusing forward on 2.5 and III.
Howard Chen: Okay, thanks. And just follow up to that, Ruth, I guess as you look to that RWA optimization, I mean, how do you think about the P&L ROA type of impact from mitigating those RWAs?
Ruth Porat: So what we talked about here, the reduction from $330 billion down to $300 billion did not have a P&L impact.
Howard Chen: Great, thanks so much.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Glenn Schorr with Nomura.
Glenn Schorr: Ruth, if we could just do quickly, the pro forma tangible book and fully diluted share count post the conversion, I mean, the $25.63 range and 1.85 billion. Is that about right?
Ruth Porat: So the tangible book is around $25.78, book value, $29.36.
Glenn Schorr: And fully diluted, I just add the shares, nothing special there in the math?
Ruth Porat: Right, right.
Glenn Schorr: And then so what's interesting is your leverage is running 17.2x on common. This immediately takes it under 15. Just curious if you think about that as the right range, you knew this was coming versus is there an ability or any thought process on letting the balance sheet drift up a little now that you have a lot more common underneath it?
Ruth Porat: So this quarter, our balance sheet obviously did drift up, moved up from fourth quarter. It was lower at the end of the fourth quarter on, basically, client activity, and we took it up as we saw client activity. I think the real point here is that we're very pleased with the ongoing success we have in equities and fixed income, and that's really driven the demand for incremental balance sheet, which we've used. Clearly, this provides a very strong Tier 1 common base. But what was driving the balance sheet move fourth quarter over first quarter was client activity and executing on our strategy.
Glenn Schorr: Okay, so let's talk about that. I think you do deserve the credit for the progress there. Could we, inside of [indiscernible] talk about -- I know commodities is operating towards peak levels right now. I think that continues. But do you mind making a comment specifically on rates and FX, where a lot of the build has been? And what kind of contributors that was to the good results this quarter?
Ruth Porat: Certainly. So rates had very strong performance. It was up year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter in a choppy market. I think what you're really seeing is the results from the build that we've done, the strong leadership we have there, the additional talent added to our team globally. It really makes a difference. I think our point that we've talked about in the past is the need to build out the team to have greater presence with clients, which, in turn, would drive greater opportunity for client facilitation, and that was very much borne out this quarter. What you'll see in the 10-Q, when you look at our trading histogram is that it has moved over to the right. And again, another way of underscoring that with the addition of the team, greater presence of clients, greater client facilitation opportunities, that we're productive.
James Gorman: I would just add, Glenn, this is the first time that I have felt comfortable with the leadership across all of our fixed-income businesses. Moving Kenny deRegt, who ran fixed income 10-plus years ago, left the firm, came back to run risk and is now back running the business, his unique talent and mature, very capable trading executive. And under Kenny, the 4 or 5 players that he now has, really a world-class team. So leadership starts at the top. You've got to have that ability at the top. And the investment we made in hiring people, combined with the leadership at the top, I think is what started to move the needle.
Glenn Schorr: Excellent. All right, thanks, both of you.
Operator: The next question will come from Guy Moszkowski with Bank of America.
Guy Moszkowski: I think it would be really helpful if maybe you could take us through a little bit more detail on how you achieved the reduction in the RWA even as the assets went up, because this mitigation thing is so important, I think, for us to understand.
Ruth Porat: It's really -- as I described, we built up the team that focusing on RWA optimization. And so the combination of business mix, as well as analytics, as well as looking at changes in collateral, has just yielded benefits, which one can candidly say, "It would have been nice to have had sooner," but we're pleased to have put the resources behind it to identify it. And these are Basel I improvements. I don't want to leave you with the notion that it necessarily rolls forward to Basel III. Some of them, we give up again in Basel II. And that's why I made the point that we're using the same approach to make sure that we're capturing all opportunities now in Basel I, but we're going to move this to 2.5 and III. So when I look to our Basel III guidance, it stays very much the same. I wouldn't want to leave you with the suggestion you can build off of that.
Guy Moszkowski: Got it. But it sounds like you are trying to identify opportunities to further this, even on a Basel I basis, and achieve more on a Basel III basis than maybe what you would have thought a few months ago you could do. Or is that not fair?
Ruth Porat: Well, no, that's very fair. The Basel III numbers that we talked about previously kind of inflation, passive mitigation, net up 140, $140 billion. We still think it's an appropriate way to look at it. We don't have any change to our earlier guidance of $480 billion of risk-weighted assets under Basel III. However, very much to your point, we intend to take the same focus apply it to 2.5 and III. And in addition, there are opportunities on active mitigation. But at this point, there are 2 steps, which is let's take this forward to 2.5 and III, see what else it yields and then see what we want to do beyond that.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay then, that's very helpful. Thank you. I was also hoping that maybe you could give us a little bit more color on the other sales and trading loss, which you refer to as being related to some of the economic hedges, I guess one on the corporation's balance sheet. I'm not sure that I understand it. And obviously, the losses are significant enough that it would be helpful to understand if those could -- if those are going to be mitigated ahead, or how we should model that.
Ruth Porat: Sure. So as we've discussed previously, this line item is volatile. And it unfortunately is difficult to model, because it includes a number of different items in it. So for example, we have amortizing hedges from debt we bought back in 2008 and 2009 in there, current long-term debt hedging program, our U.S. bank liquidity portfolio, leveraged loans and relationship lending. And so while we have negative in this line item, there are often also positive offsets. And that's what we had last quarter, we had some positive offsets. Unfortunately this quarter, the items all went the wrong way. And that's the negative. That's the drag.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay, thanks for that. And then the final question that I have is on equity, because obviously you've had a very, very successful result in the quarter. And I guess the question that we have to ask ourselves is how much of this is really sort of permanent, no, permanent is never the right word, but sustainable improvement from some of the footprint improvements that you've had and the like? And to what extent might you just have had a very favorable outcome from volatility-related equity derivatives trading? Can you help us with that at all, just so we don't overestimate what you might be able to achieve in the quarters ahead?
Ruth Porat: Yes, absolutely. We are very pleased with the performance. And I think you've hit the 2 issues. First and foremost, we have a terrific team around the globe. This is really -- the strength is broad based. It's across products. It's across geographies, and it is about very strong team. Cash equities was very strong; derivatives as well; prime brokerage, as I noted. So I think it starts with the team and the stronger presence in front of clients that they're executing extremely well. We certainly also benefited, as you noted, from a constructive market. So for example, in derivatives, we certainly benefited from the market, but it was the team, with the backdrop of constructive market, they executed well against it.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay, thanks for that, and thanks for taking my questions.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Mike Mayo with CLSA. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. All my questions are on the MUFG conversion. I just wanted to clarify some, maybe some simple things. So you eliminate $784 million in dividends. That's a $0.53 pickup once you do that. Is that correct? So that's kind of in the bag?
Ruth Porat: I'm going to count on you doing the math right, the $784 million of dividends. Preferred dividends, to clarify. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Right. So I'm just trying to understand how I would adjust my normalized estimates. So if my normalized number is $4, or $5 or $6, let's use $4 for the moment. So the increase in shares outstanding would be diluted by 1/4, which would take the $4 number down to $3. Then you'd add back that $0.53, and then normalized earnings power would be $3.53, not the $4. So it seems like normalized earnings would go down. And I want you to correct my logic. On the other hand, you have a mid-teen to ROE target. If you maintained that ROE target on a higher capital base, that would imply a higher normalized number. So if you could help me see my way through that.
Ruth Porat: So you've got a number of components to it. I'm going to address some of them, and then we'll just follow up on some of the math after the call. Because this conversion, we've been focused on getting the conversion done, and you're going into some of the numbers that I don't have in front of me. So you're right on the $784 million of preferred dividends. As I indicated, we're paying a premium with the incremental 75 million shares, so the total common shares up 385 million. As we look at it with respect to -- and so we'll come back to you on the earnings. What you're asking about ROE and really driving ROE on the strong capital base, we remain very comfortable with our mid-teens target over the cycle and come at it a number of different ways. Starts with our revenue mix and the right revenue mix globally. We think we're very well positioned for a changing regulatory environment, and we're executing across the businesses and geographies. And you see that, I think quite clearly, in the results here this quarter. So revenue upside in Institutional Securities, driving equities further based on the strengths that we've just talked about. And on fixed income, as we've talked about in the past, we're very focused on the initial closing the gap of 2% market share points, and the benefit that, that actually drives to the bottom line. Investment Banking is at a cyclical low given the strength of our Investment Banking franchise. We view that as a real positive. And obviously, there's a flow-through to other businesses from the new issue business that comes out of the Investment Banking franchise. There's the upside from GWM as we drive our PBT margin to the 20% target we've talked about in the past. The expense management program that we've talked about is incremental operating leverage. And then finally at some point, back to one of the prior questions, capital management's an added lift. So that's how we look to the ROE, and we'll come back to you on some of the builds. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. And then maybe -- you get $7.8 billion of additional common equity, if that's correct. So your tangible common would go up 19%, but your shares outstanding would go up by 25%. Am I doing the math correct, and if I am, why is so much more in the shares than the increase in the common?
Ruth Porat: We also have the incremental premium that we're paying, which is a deduct. So that, as I noted, will be a charge of about $2 billion based on yesterday's closing price. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. And when you gave the pro forma tangible book value of $25.78, does that include that $2 billion charge?
Ruth Porat: Yes, that's fully loaded. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. All right, thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Roger Freeman with Barclays Capital.
Roger Freeman: Just a couple more on MUFG. I guess, one, can you help us think about -- and you talked about the larger sort of strategic benefit of the relationship, and maybe just put into context some of the benefits that you've gotten out of that partnership so far? I'm just thinking of can we look at this in a some sort of cumulative context? And have there been any meaningful profits?
James Gorman: Firstly, on a pure financial basis, the investment that MUFG made during the financial crisis was obviously critical to repositioning us. The contribution to the various equity raises has also been critical, and we put in place a number of different business initiatives around the world. One of them was the formation of these double joint ventures in Japan. And while we have clearly had a stumble in the trading book on the fixed-income side of the business that they've been running, the long-term opportunity, the strategic opportunity in Japan giving us access to the retail market, which is a very large portion of the market there for distribution of our institutional product, and putting Morgan Stanley in a position to take Japanese corporates outside of Japan for their M&A and capital raising needs is a very compelling sort of strategic objective. Secondly, we have worked with MUFG and Bank of Tokyo subsidiary to bring them into a number of client relationships, where we're leveraging the combined balance sheet of both institutions. And I think the number -- I forget the exact number, but we're up over the 50 to 60 instances where we've done that. They did their first sub-investment grade deal with us. So there are number of opportunities for them to do that. Thirdly, as we look at various smaller emerging markets around the world, where they have a presence and capability, we might want to build the infrastructure. We're looking at ways where we can leverage their infrastructure. And then finally in the United States, they have operations here in both retail and commercial banking. So it's a very broad-based partnership. And again, obviously it's stumbled, but the evidence of the strength of the partnership, this truly moving investment here that they've made, and repositions us in lots of ways.
Roger Freeman: Okay, that's helpful. And then just thinking about the premium you're paying to convert to preferred early, kind of paying the next couple of years of the preferred dividend. And is it just the certainty of having the common equity contribution today as opposed to not sure whether the stock price is at the conversion point 2 years from now and there might still be a cost then? Have you had to negotiate something?
James Gorman: Yes, I'm going to let Ruth, she can take you through the mechanics. The bottom line here is, what we have spent the last couple of years doing is clearing up a number of uncertainties that impact our future, and this was frankly #1 on my list for this year. And we had a window of opportunity here to get this off the list, and obviously, we had to pay premium. We think it's a fair and balanced -- Ruth will take you through them.
Ruth Porat: So to that point, the security is not callable by its terms, which is customary for this type of security. And so we and they value the security with all relevant factors, share price, discount rate, volatility led to what we think is a fair outcome. And it really goes to James' point, which is this creates certainty which we believe really drives additional benefits for clients and all of our stakeholders.
James Gorman: And I just like to say, not to overstate this. But getting this done in this timeframe with all the Japanese partners are dealing with in Tokyo now is a measure of the strength of the partnership that they were willing to focus on this, that the CEO and board level and our board level, to get this done.
Roger Freeman: I appreciate that. Last question, in terms of your positioning sort of post-Dodd-Frank, Basel III sort of final clarity and how you might be thinking about any response to that from a resizing perspective. I think a lot of dealers have to kind of go through this process. My question for you is because you've been sort of in a rebuilding process, is it fair to assume that you kind of had some aspect of this outcome in mind and that your restaffing has been focused in businesses that likely have sort of brighter futures than others, and then ultimately there may be less of a headcount challenge for you than maybe some of your competitors?
Ruth Porat: I think you framed it well. The focus is very much, for us, a client-centric flow business, and that plays into much of the direction of much of the regulation. I think when you talk about some of the areas like derivatives, clearly there's a lot still to be done with respect to derivatives legislation. And we do want to -- we are focused on the need to ensure that U.S. institutions broadly aren't disadvantaged relative to global for other firms or European firms. But when you think about Morgan Stanley, I think there are ways that we are relatively advantaged versus peers. And we've talked about that in the past, the ability for us to move derivatives into the bank, the fact that the focus really is on client service and research support for our client, then it's giving us an opportunity here with our technology and connectivity leveraging off we're doing in, for example, foreign exchange and PB, to set ourselves up well for this new world. So we do feel that, in many ways, the market is going the direction that we're going. We still are somewhat smaller in fixed income on headcount, and so that very much, to your point, is beneficial given where the market's going.
Roger Freeman: Okay, thanks for the color.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Carrier with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Carrier: Ruth, last quarter, you gave some details on the Wealth Management business. Just in terms of some of the factors that can push the margin up over time, more environmental, and then there was also a portion that's more what Morgan Stanley can do in terms of consolidating platforms, realizing some of the additional synergies. So just wanted to focus on that portion. From a timing standpoint, are we still looking at -- I think you guys are saying like the beginning of 2012, but I just wanted to make sure like any update on the synergy, the consolidation on what you guys can control versus the environment?
Ruth Porat: So the 3 pillars, as I call it, that drive margin expansion, first, as you just referenced, completion of the integration and the synergies that come from having integrated the various platforms. We are moving the Morgan Stanley FAs onto this platform by the end of the third quarter where they'll be training up the Smith Barney FAs. They move on in the first half of 2012. So that's a very important part of this integration timeline. The second part and very important is building up the private banking business because that, as we've talked about in the past, is where we build our noncompensable revenues. And that, we are systematically building. We had 160 bankers at the end of the year. We have 178 at the end of the first quarter, which is ahead of our, what was our major target of 180, and we're looking to add about 30 a year. So this is a slow steady build to make sure we're providing the right client experience, the right risk management, the right -- full infrastructure around it. But that's an important part, and that will take time to build to the point where it really moves the needle. And then to your point, the third part, which we don't control but I did reference in the opening comments, is the backdrop, the 100 basis points movement in equity, the point on our PBT margin. And fed funds, we're focused on, because they're down from 19 basis points in the fourth quarter to 10 basis points here as we're going into the second quarter, second quarter to date. And every 50 basis points in fed funds is about 1 point on PBT margin. We look forward to that turning around.
Michael Carrier: And then just to follow up on the ROE. You gave a few points, I think, on one of the last questions, just in terms of getting the ROE up over time. So I think you mentioned like 5 areas, so overall activity levels, which we'll see anyone can predict. You guys have the target in the Global Wealth Management business in terms of the improvement in the margin, so we can gauge that and size that opportunity. So I guess in terms of the 2 others or maybe 3 others, like the size of a trading opportunity in terms of punching at your weight or getting it to a level that's a better run rate. And then just on the cost side, I guess on those 2 areas when you look at the ROE and the impact of those businesses or those new initiatives have, is there any way to size that up? And not like next quarter or the quarter after but over the next year or 2 in terms of how much that can contribute?
Ruth Porat: Well, I'll give you a couple of data points to use to size it up and then look forward to reading how you write it up. But within the fixed income side, we're targeting an initial 2% wallet share growth, and that's steady, consistent. I think what you're seeing in the results this quarter give us confidence that you're seeing that borne out through the P&L, but that's a 2% upside. 2% market share upside is an important first metric that we are looking at in managing, too. And then with respect to the cost program, I mentioned the office of reengineering under our COO that was announced early this year. He is targeting and identified a $1 billion of run rate expenses to come out of the business. That is a 3-year reengineering effort. He has identified a number of different areas, but it does take time when you're doing substantive reengineering in that regard.
Michael Carrier: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our final question will come from Jim Mitchell with Buckingham Research.
James Mitchell: Just to follow up on the JV. I understand that this was an unusual quarter, but you were losing money in the JV over the prior 9 months, and understandably, it's got some strategic value. But how do we think about it -- how do you guys evaluate that longer term? Is there really value to be had there, particularly when you're giving up risk management? Is it sort of worth the effort?
James Gorman: Well, firstly, there are 2 businesses there. So the JV has 2 businesses, and one of them certainly has been making money. But secondly it's in its early stages. It was only formed in May. We have a lot of things that are going on in discussions about restructuring that particular business, which MUFG is going through and Ruth talked about. And we believe there are other potential synergies across both of those businesses for reducing the cost base in the infrastructure. So yes, from a cost perspective, we think it can be more efficient. From a risk management perspective, they're putting in place a number of changes at the leadership and the process level. And from a cost strategic perspective, to have access to the Japan retail market and have access to taking Japanese corporates globally is a major strategic move for us that we're frankly continue to be as excited as we were when we started. This is a stumble. We're disappointed with it. They're disappointed with it. They're putting in place the appropriate changes, but it's not something that's going to knock us off sort of 10-year vision for our business in Japan.
James Mitchell: So you see a pretty reasonable path to profitability there is basically what you're saying.
James Gorman: Yes, in time. But as you know, obviously, the Japanese markets have been under pressure, and it's going to take some time to align the cost bases of the these businesses where we have combined in that market.
James Mitchell: Okay, great. And, Ruth, on the risk-weighted assets, you still targeting $480 billion under Basel III. That's inclusive of the mitigation, right, of about $100 billion, I think, is the numbers. And then how do we think about -- you had mitigation on Basel I. Was, I guess I'll ask it again, was there any kind of mitigation related to Basel III yet? Or is that still to come and you still expect that to come?
Ruth Porat: So on Basel III, we're still guiding agents still, for now, look at $480 billion, net of passive mitigation. So as I said, we're not giving ourselves credit at this point for the Basel I RWA mitigation rolling through the Basel 2.5 and III, but we do intend to use that same focus as we look at 2.5 and III. So if you just hold to where we were previously, we'll continue to give you updates. That includes only passive mitigation. There are obviously other things that are quite logical like tariffs, and potentially, benefits from central clearing. But I think the other point is that in our prior guidance on Basel III, we were talking about 8% to 10% Tier 1 common by the end of 2012 with consensus earnings and the various other things we've talked about. The 10% number was contingent on the conversion of the MUFG convertible preferred, which we obviously now address today. So that's the only real update on that topic.
James Mitchell: But none of the passive mitigation has come through yet?
Ruth Porat: No, on behalf of III, no.
James Mitchell: Okay, thanks. And last itty-bitty question. Did you mention the dollar amount of the hedging loss for MBIA exposure or no?
Ruth Porat: The overall P&L impact was $318 million this quarter.
James Mitchell: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Ruth Porat: Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-21 11:00:00) =====
Ruth Porat: Sure. We were pleased to see continued retail investor engagement in the fourth quarter, and that is reflected in higher transactional revenues. The integration process is moving very much on track. As you look at what does that mean and how do we look at the overall PBT targets, we're still very much focused on PBT of 20%. That's market dependent. And so, just a couple of pieces as you look through 2011 and beyond. First of all, retail activity was important. It helped drive the transaction revenues. I would caution you, there are fewer trading days in the first quarter of '11, that's relevant. But as we look forward, the market remains constructive, the building blocks to get to that 20% PBT margin are, to your point, completion of the integration and the drag that comes from the spend. But it's also a function of building up our Lending business, as we talked about before. Because with the Lending business, we have the benefit of driving a non-compensable revenue, which are an important part to reducing our overall compensation ratio in the business. The third element, the PBT margin expansion, is market dependent. We've said that. But just to give you a couple of data points that might be helpful. Every 100-point change in the S&P, we estimate impacts margin around 1%, all else being equal. And that's not looking at kind of investor psyche and reaction, but it's really more on the Asset Management fee side. Similarly, every 50 basis-point change in fed funds can impact margin around 1% as well. So it's really those elements completing the integration, building up the Lending business and market dependent that drives us to the 20% margin over time.
Howard Chen: I guess maybe asked another way. I don't know if you look at it this way. But if there's no change in revenues from, let's say, where we are to end the year in the fourth quarter, what would you anticipate your margins to be as we exit 2011?
Ruth Porat: We're not going to do a forecastable forum. We're hoping to give you the pieces so that you can model with that yourself.
James Gorman: I just say this, Howard, we're not passive in managing the business.
Howard Chen: And then, finally for me, Ruth, you spoke about the impact on the monoline exposure on fixed income results. Could you just give it a little more detail on what exactly is driving that? Is that the health of the wraps or you're hedging against that, or the counterparty exposure? And what should we be watching, going forward, to just continue to see that and how it impacts thick?
Ruth Porat: So this is a legacy exposure. It's going to take time to work out. The main point that we talked about repeatedly is we're not taking on new outside risks. We were a counter party in the trade, and we hedged our exposure with detail in the Q and of course the updated data in the K. But this quarter, the hedges went the other way on tightening monoline credit exposures, which is what resulted in the losses. So it was costly to hedge this quarter. You may continue to see a drag depending on market direction. The loss this quarter was $263 million, pretty much in line with last quarter.
Operator: The next question will come from Glenn Schorr with Nomura.
Glenn Schorr: So equity was up in the quarter, assets came down a little bit on the balance sheet, but the Tier 1 common ratio was down a little bit. I'm just curious if something changed on the risk weightings or how that works? I know it's small but just interesting directionally.
Ruth Porat: Sure. First, at this point, our risk-weighted asset number is just an estimate. The final numbers will be in the K. But risk-weighted assets increased from $325 billion at the end of the third quarter to we estimate $328 billion at December 31. So to your point, it was a small move. It was really much more of a mix change that resulted in a modest change. And the Tier 1 common was a bit lower due to a higher DT8 [ph] (31:19) deduction.
Glenn Schorr: And then just curious on the 4% reduction in assets, where are you seeing the opportunities to reduce balance sheet?
Ruth Porat: You're asking about overall balance sheet size coming down?
Glenn Schorr: Yes, and I'll tell you why I'm asking. If you look at the 17-or-so times common leverage or assets, the buyback common equity, that's about in the range where I think you can rest over time. I'm just curious how you think about the improving ROA and what's left on that balance sheet that's dragging that ROA down? I mean, it's a little different question than thick improving.
Ruth Porat: So balance sheet was down this quarter. That was really much more about client activity than anything. And we still remain comfortable kind of in that $800 billion to $850 billion range that we're talking about. But the point about ROA is very important, and we are very focused on it. And to your point, it is about ensuring that we are redeploying capital out kind of the capital-heavier areas and putting them behind our core institutional money management business and sales and trading business. And in particular, on the sales and trading side, our view is as we continue to build out our footprint and our flow business, we're going to be able to drive a more efficient utilization of the balance sheet and we are very focused on ROA.
Glenn Schorr: And so, I guess it takes time? In other words, I think a simple question is where's the leverage being used, like it takes time to wean yourself off of that? Is that what I'm hearing?
Ruth Porat: There are two elements very important, as we said. In Fixed Income, we're in the first of a two-year steady build, and it is about delivering consistency and dependability to clients which will increase our flow business and efficient utilization of the balance sheet. So that's one element of it. The other is we are systematically reducing the drag from legacy positions. Whereas we're moving into more of a Basel III world, we’ll be continuing to redeploy capital behind our core Sales and Trading business in the most efficient areas.
Glenn Schorr: A simple last one on balance sheet is the 10.5% Tier 1 common? I'm just curious if you had any updated thoughts on Basel III compliance today and how that plays out?
Ruth Porat: Well, as we said before, we remain very comfortable with respect to Basel, both capital and liquidity, and have capacity to absorb the new rules with parent capital, which is about $20 billion. Just to give you a bit of an update on Basel III, our RWA guidance is virtually unchanged, essentially unchanged, same zip code from the commentary after the third quarter. So if you take our RWAs at 12/31, take our balance sheet under Basel III, RWAs would be at $240 billion and then through passive mitigation, kind of through the end of 2012, it would be down about $100 billion. And I guess the other factors to layer in to how we think about Tier 1 common under Basel III, couple items affecting capital. First, we have as you know $7.8 billion of MUFG convertible to common, which is meaningful. We have the 14% Smith Barney buy-in in 2012 and the NCI associated with Morgan Stanley Smith Barney. So if we take our consensus earnings, those factors, our 12/31 balance sheet under Basel III, and the ratio at the end of 2012 would be between 8% and 10%, which is why we say we're very comfortable with respect to Basel III.
Operator: The next question will come from Mike Mayo with CLSA. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Do you have any more specific financial targets? That was helpful, your commentary for the year ahead. I was wondering if we could get a little more meat on the bones. A lot of your peers have more specific financial targets. And if you don't have a specific financial target, are you looking more at revenues or earnings or ROE, or which metrics?
Ruth Porat: So we, across the businesses, I think we've -- we gave you some more specifics on GWM. What we're looking for longer term is this PBT margin of 20%. Again, I'll give you the caveat, market dependent. But we're continuing to execute on that plan as I went through. On the Investment Management side, you saw the improvements in particular this quarter. And again, it's about building the core institutional, Money Management business and being -- efficiently redeploying capital out of Merchant Banking hedge funds, seed investments to support that core institutional business. And within our Institutional Securities business, we have real strength in Investment Banking and equities, where on our steady build within fixed income, it is about driving ROA. And I think in the aggregate, what we are looking at is, overall, we're very focused on what is ROE and delivering attractive returns for shareholders. So that's what we're driving. As James said, we're outstanding still on any of these businesses, driving execution across them.
James Gorman: The only thing I'd add is that last year, we hired a lot of the people, we hired a lot of very senior people. Actually, the weighted number of folks that we bought in, a lot of MDs and these folks are getting traction. We're not aggressively hiring right now. Obviously, if a specific opportunity comes up, we fill it. But we want to see some of the progress from those hires. And the improved client penetration we're getting particularly into some of our fixed-income products. So this is a year where we are now digesting the expenses and if things go as we planned them to go, we'll see good returns come off those. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. And I know you said the first of a two-year of a build in the trading areas and you hired a lot of traders. Do you think it's working? What sort of conviction do you have about this hire for growth strategy within trading? Do you feel better or worse about it?
Ruth Porat: We remain very confident and comfortable with the strategy. If we look at third-party data, it would suggest that we are gaining market share in a number of the businesses. Now the key is seeing that third-party data translate into greater results. And so, when we look at kind of the drivers of the business, in particular this quarter, we think that we're seeing signs of progress. We're pleased with the steps we're taking, continuing to execute against plan. But it was challenging being in a risk on, risk off market. And so, we had client activity but trading facilitation, market making was limited. And it is about both building up what we're doing, and we do remain very much on track, on point in that regard and having a bit of a more constructive market.
Operator: The next question will come from Jeff Harte from Sandler O'Neill.
Jeffrey Harte: Can you talk a little bit about the Investment Banking outlook? And I guess I'm thinking we see a lot of equity deals getting done. But coming off of a record revenue quarter, are you seeing enough potential activities filling the pipeline for strength to continue?
Ruth Porat: So overall, our investment pipelines do remain healthy across products and regions. It was a bit frustrating throughout the year to keep saying our pipeline is building, and it was just a question of time seeing the transactions moving through the pipeline, and I think you saw that in the fourth quarter. But the pipelines do remain healthy across products and globally. So on the M&A front, the pipeline's strong. We do expect a positive momentum that we experienced in 2010 to continue into 2011. We're seeing increased private equity activity and cross-border activity and emerging markets M&A. And it is very much about a lot of the factors we spoke about during the year, with high corporate cash balances and now, you know, with increasingly improved corporate confidence. And on the equity side, the backlog does remain strong. And again, it's around the globe. Asia remains strong, as does Europe and Latin America. We expect also to see more of the sponsor-led financing coming through the pipeline.
Jeffrey Harte: And how about on the Fixed Income Trading side of the business? I mean, you built up the business. What kind of market environment or assumptions are you making for how big this business should be?
Ruth Porat: I think that we're looking for more of a -- we're not looking for a heroic move in the fixed-income market. We're looking for a more muted or a more predictable environment. So in contrast to what was a pretty stark risk on, risk off market this past quarter, the absence of that kind of whip saw is what we need. We have two things, really, the backdrop of the environment. And it is not as though we are looking for another 2009-type environment. What we are looking for is again this absence of the risk on, risk off that had, at its core, a lot of policy-related events that drove activity. And so, kind of a more benign environment, and that enables us to really close the gap we have within fixed income. So if you look across our Institutional Securities business, we have a top-tier Investment Banking franchise, a very strong institutional equities business. And what we're really just looking to do is close the gap within certain areas, not even across the board. Within certain areas of fixed income capitalizing on strengths we already have within fixed income.
James Gorman: I'd just add also, we have an important Commodities business the last couple of years. Metals and agriculture have been major drivers of revenue for the industry. Our historic strengths have been in gas and oil. And I think as those markets are now starting to move, that business becomes more important to us.
Jeffrey Harte: As I look at the Wealth Management business, one of the things that kind of jumps out at me is net interest income doubling plus year-over-year. But then, I look at the deposit balance, and it's essentially flat on a year-over-year basis. That implies net interest margin expansion that we're not really seeing from other players. Can you talk a little bit about what's driving that net interest income increase?
James Gorman: My guess is there are two drivers behind that. One is the business wasn't owned for 12 months, in was owned for 7 months. So you get the impact of the $50-plus billion of deposits that sat on the Citi side, in addition to the $50 billion that sat on the Morgan Stanley side. So you get $100 billion per year. And the other is the growth in the lending businesses. You look at the margin book and I saw some of the online players reported their margin balances. They've grown pretty dramatically. We don't have as volatile a margin book as that. But clearly with the rising equity markets, our margin business has grown, and some of the leading and the spreads you get on the lending product that we've been building up.
Jeffrey Harte: Is the margin book the bulk of the lending within GWM still? And I guess, as you look forward, is non-margin-related lending something you try to grow?
James Gorman: Sure. The margin book is significant. But we've also -- we originate prime mortgages and small business loans and other things.
Jeffrey Harte: And, finally, just kind of trying to reconcile some of the items in the quarter. It looks as though ex DVA, you accrued compensation expense against some of the other gains. Am I thinking of that correctly?
Ruth Porat: Yes, you are. Items like CICC are included as part of our revenue and we accrue comp against it.
Operator: The next question will come from Guy Moszkowski with Bank of America.
Guy Moszkowski: I just wanted to go back to the DVA. It's so sizable. I was just hoping that maybe you could give us some metrics that can help us get some analytical clarity around the number? I mean, we've all been kind of conditioned to look through, and even so, when it's sizable you just want to really feel like you understand it. And given what we know happened to your cash bond spread, and even though you've issued a lot of structured product, it just seems like it was a very outsized move. Could you give us some of the underlying metrics to help us understand it?
Ruth Porat: Absolutely, good question. There are a couple of things I mentioned briefly. So to expand upon them, first, the average outstanding balance was up almost about 10% from the third quarter. There was a lot of interest in this product, so up almost about 10%. Second, the weighted-average maturity of the portfolio extended. And so, the change in the 10-year spreads played a bigger role. And then about 20% of the overall DVA was due to the option of extending maturity that's embedded in certain of the notes. So on the metrics, if you go to WAM, that moved nearly five years in the fourth quarter. It was three-and-a-half years when we last disclosed it in 2009. And so, again, focusing on the 10-year cash bond spreads this quarter, they tightened 56 basis points versus 27 in the third quarter. I'm glad you pointed out, it is cash bond spreads. Because the 10-year CDF was in only seven basis points. But that was a pretty meaningful narrowing. And to your point, with the WAM ex [ph] (0:45:43) moving out, it became more relevant to look at the 10-year.
Guy Moszkowski: And has the WAM moved out partly because of the nature of what you issued and also partly because there is essentially some negative curvexity [ph] (0:45:58) built into this?
Ruth Porat: It's really by virtue of what we were issuing.
Guy Moszkowski: Just to tie it together, you were talking before about some of the monoline credit spread impact. Is that related to this as well? Is that part of the 900-and-some-odd million or is that separate?
Ruth Porat: Completely separate.
Guy Moszkowski: To the point that was brought up a minute ago on the compensation effect on the CICC, do you believe that comp really would have been lower if you hadn't had the gain? The reason I ask is that, again, as we think about modeling out future earnings power, we need to really understand what your comp dollar needs are. And based on what we heard in the press, and obviously a lot of that stuff can be wrong, it seems like the firm needed every dollar of comp that it had available to it. And so I wondered if your comp dollars actually would have been less even if you hadn't had the gain?
James Gorman: Guy, we are focused on balancing what we think is right for our shareholders and ensuring that we pay the right people the way we've got to pay them. The fact of the matter is, if we didn't have the revenues and we didn't have the earnings, we would have adjusted it through our compensation. We've been very deliberate and very focused on that. But we wouldn't do at a level where we thought we'd be putting significant risk into the franchise. We’re also aware that these businesses aren’t -- they don't start and begin on January 1 and close on December 31. They're multiyear processes. So we look at the total bag of earnings. We look at the various charges that we make. You could make arguments that you could extract legal reserves. You could extract restructuring of businesses, whether it be FrontPoint or other businesses. We look at the total mix, and then when we deal with what we've got on our net revenue base, that's how we think about comps. So I kind of cherry pick in that regard the CICC [ph] (0:48:12) as good revenue is generated through the wherewithal of folks at this firm, and that's something we felt very comfortable compensating on.
Guy Moszkowski: In Asset Management in the quarter, and you sort of spoke to this, the ratio of the payout in non-controlling interest as a percentage of the investment revenue that you showed was a lot lower. It was about 28% in the fourth quarter. It was almost half in the third. Can you just explain to us why the shift?
Ruth Porat: I think I'm going to need to get back to you on that one.
Guy Moszkowski: It's just sort of as we look forward and try to model revenues ahead. It's just useful to have that. And then, the final question I have for you is, was there any significant change in the cash-versus-equity component or mix of compensation this year?
Ruth Porat: So in our compensation, we did increase the deferral. But when we talk about deferred comp, we talk about both deferring cash and deferring stock. And so, the overall mix was pretty much the same with higher deferrals.
Operator: The next question will come from Roger Freeman with Barclays Capital.
Roger Freeman: I just want to come back to the sort of thick buildout and looking at some of the personnel changes and folks you moved around, to what extent does that sort of stretch out timelines or doesn't it? I mean, does that sort of impact just given the magnitude as the reporting line changes going on?
Ruth Porat: No. I think I've said it a couple of times now. This is the first of a two-year steady build. Colm left this seat a year ago. And we've been really building out the team. It does take time, but we are -- I'm going to repeat it, it's the first of a two-year steady build -- I apologize, completed the first of a two-year steady build.
Roger Freeman: But then just coming back to the other comments, I think the change you made about sort of growth or headcount because you're not really hiring. So really, it’s sort of net neutral on the year, so you still have sort of a buildout going on? But assuming there'll be some turnover in the process, is that kind of how you think about it?
James Gorman: I wouldn't. I mean, as I look at the businesses, I think institutional securities. We hired about 70% of our total plan last year. We sort of pulled the curtain over at about in August. And there are a couple of areas where we didn't quite get done what we want to get done. And a couple of our support areas, particularly in Risk and Technology, where -- but these are very small numbers. In Wealth Management, I mean, we're carrying something like 2,000 contractors working on the integration. I think that's now pretty much, if not running at peak, pretty much at peak. And I think our financial advisor head count will stay in the band that Ruth put out, 17.5 to 18.5. It may be down a couple of hundred from this year, it may not be. I wouldn't draw too much from that one way or the other if it’s up or down as long as it stays in that band. And Asset Management, some of the merchant banking businesses, we've had a lot of success in Asia and in our Infrastructure business. But they're small numbers. So I think you're probably -- we haven't actually sat down and laid out our headcount plan for the firm. But I would say, the aggregate picture would be roughly flat. I'd be surprised if it's up much. We're certainly not anticipating any big riff or anything of that nature.
Ruth Porat: So, selectively [ph] (0:52:12).
Roger Freeman: And then just coming back to the question on the net interest income in the bank. The other I guess thing that sort of popped out at us or I've noticed that is that the net interest income in the Institutional Securities business has been declining sort of at the same time. And we’re just wondering if there's any connection between the two, like transfer pricing of any sort or anything.
Ruth Porat: No, there's not a connection. And in Institutional Securities, as you know, it's more of a -- NIM is more of a banking book than a trading book concept. And so, across [ph] (52:53) in Institutional Securities is really driven by our trading and derivatives activities that have an interest component. So we think of that business holistically, there's not a link between the NIM discussion we'd have there and the NIM in TW [ph] (53:03).
James Gorman: And the way we report it in Wealth Management, we manage it internally. There are two separate -- there's the BDP [ph] (53:10), the deposit spreads, and then there's the net interest margin on the core loan book.
Roger Freeman: The tax rate, can you give us any sort of comments on the go forward? I mean, it's been low and I understand it jumps around quarter to quarter, depending on sort of levels of net income and credit, and if not [ph] (53:31) you could get. Just kind of look at it on the aggregate. I mean, you still generated $6 billion of pretax profit, not a small amount in 2010. And to the extent that goes up, I mean do you have enough of these short of shields to keep the tax rate unusually low?
Ruth Porat: No. We do our tax planning annually. So if you just exclude the discrete items from 2010, the effective annual tax rate from continuing operations would've been about 28%. And as we look forward to 2011, we suggest that you look at the statutory tax rate. So it's about 35%. Something less than 35% would be the right way to look at it for 2011.
Roger Freeman: Last question, given the charge on FrontPoint, can you say where that's carried now on the book?
Ruth Porat: Again, the backdrop is our overall strategy in this area to free up capital and merchant banking activity [indiscernible] (54:27), we're continuing to do that. But with respect to FrontPoint specifically, we're continuing to restructure our ownership to a minority stake. Given the events last quarter and with the lower AUM, there were some changes to the deal terms. We did take a higher charge in the fourth quarter. It was $126 million, if I recall correctly.
Roger Freeman: But presumably, to the extent that assets continue to flow out, that can continue to be revised, I guess, is the assumption?
Ruth Porat: The carrying value as of the fourth quarter is $30 million, just so you have that.
Operator: The final question will come from Mike Carrier from Deutsche Bank.
Michael Carrier: One follow-up on the Wealth Management business, and the clarity around rates and markets, that’s helpful. If we look at what you have left in terms of consolidating the platforms, the remaining synergies and I think the last time you guys gave the number, there was about, you made $400 million or $500 million less. But if we just look at that and assume that, that gets done at some point at the end of this year beginning of next year, then if we just run those synergies through the model, based on what you can control, can you still get that pretax margin to, like, the mid-teen level, call it 15, 16, 17? And then basically, whether it's the rates, the markets, the scenarios that you gave there, would be able to push you above that 20% level? I'm just trying to figure out what you guys can still control.
Ruth Porat: I think you -- I went through the building blocks, and I think you've just articulated it well. Getting through the spend is an important part of it. We're still very much on track with the platform for the third quarter of this year and moving the Morgan Stanley FAs over the third quarter. We'll be training the Smith Barney FAs through the fourth quarter and starting to move over again next year. So there is some spend that continues. That's an important element of it, and building up the lending book, as we've talked about, is an important element of it to get comp-detectable revenues to increase. So again, driving towards that 20% PBT margin, over time, market dependent.
James Gorman: I mean I know I a lot of folks are very curious about the margin as we are. To be honest, it doesn't give us a whole lot of anxiety. This business used to have under $6 billion of revenues and had 7%, 8% margin. And now has revenues of over $12.5 billion. So you understand fixed cost, you understand the arithmetic in some normalized markets. [indiscernible] (57:05). Frankly, that's not a big anxiety for us.
Ruth Porat: In fact, where we're more focused is that it really helps us have a very attractively diversified revenue stream by business and product and geography. And we've talked a lot on this call about capital. Some are more capital-intensive businesses like TWM [ph] (57:22), Banking, Asset Management, are more capital-light. So it's really, in the aggregate, the portfolio that is, in our view, one of the most important elements.
Michael Carrier: And then just based on your capital ratios, and we'll all come up with our valuation for the buy in for MFSD [ph] (57:40). But if you look at the amount of capital that you're going to generate through 2012 and then if you look at just normal leverage ratios, do you have any sense in terms of how much you would be paying in equity versus cash or debt?
Ruth Porat: No.
Michael Carrier: And then last one, just on the Fixed Income side, on the legacy issues in terms of the monoline, like what's the timing on that? And is there any way to either restructure -- basically, how much is that going to weigh on the earnings? And then on the core business, is it -- like, 2010 more getting the people in place from a products, and then 2011 is more gaining traction with clients?
Ruth Porat: So on the monoline point, it is a legacy exposure. It's going to take time to work out, so I would just refer you to all the details that's in the K and was in the Q last quarter. In terms of your key issue there in terms of kind of the ongoing implementation in Sales and Trading, 2010 was about adding talent and structure around the way we cover clients and drive client relationships deeper. As we've talked about before, we have strength in a lot of our franchises across a lot of clients with this brand globally. And the strengths that we have, and it is just continuing to execute. And so, adding talent to a platform was an important element of it. But I wouldn't like to suggest we did one last year. We're doing the other this way. We had signs of market share improvement in the fourth quarter, as I said, that we are driving to  bottom-line results that we can talk about, hopefully, in the not-too-distant future. But we are consistently executing, adding talent and driving relationships across our clients, and that's really what's very important in the fixed income move,  closing the gaps in certain of the areas, building on the strengths in many of the others. Thank you, and thank you all for being on the call today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.
Operator: Welcome to the Morgan Stanley conference call. The following is a live broadcast by Morgan Stanley and is provided as a courtesy. Please note that this call is being broadcast on the Internet through the company's website at www.morganstanley.com. A replay of the call and webcast will be available through the company's website and by phone for a period of seven days. This presentation may contain forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date on which they are made, which reflect management's current estimates, projections, expectations or beliefs, and which are subject to risk and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. For a discussion of additional risk and uncertainties that may affect the future results of Morgan Stanley, please see Morgan Stanley's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009; annual report on Form 10-K; Morgan Stanley's quarterly report on Form 10-Q; and Morgan Stanley's current report on Form 8-K. The presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in Morgan Stanley's annual report on Form 10-K, Morgan Stanley's quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and Morgan Stanley's current reports on Form 8-K, which are available on Morgan Stanley's website, www.morganstanley.com. Any recording, rebroadcast or other use of this presentation, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Morgan Stanley is strictly prohibited. This presentation is copyrighted and proprietary to Morgan Stanley. At this time, I would like to turn the program over to the President and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman for today's call.
James Gorman: Well, thank you, operator, for that fulsome introduction. And good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Before we review our financial results, I'd like to do two things: review our accomplishments in 2010 overall and for each business and provide a brief outlook. In 2010, Morgan Stanley participated in nearly every signature transaction to raise capital and helped reinvigorate the markets. Whether it was the GM and Citi IPOs in the U.S., ABC in China, and Petrobras in Brazil, among many others, Morgan Stanley was a skilled and trusted adviser to governments, corporations and investors as we work to restore economic growth and create new investment opportunities around the world. In Institutional Securities, we finished at or near the top of the league tables in M&A, global equity and IPOs. A great testament to the teamwork between Investment Banking, global capital markets and equities. It's Morgan Stanley at our best. We also saw market share improvements in our Equity Sales and Trading business. Clearly, we face difficult markets in 2010. Our results reflect that more work needs to be done in some of our fixed-income businesses. While our strategy in this business remains intact, we bolstered our efforts through the following organizational changes, including Ken deRegt as Head of Global Fixed Income Sales and Trading based in the U.S., and as a result, Keiki (sic) [Keiko] Otsuki will serve as interim Chief Risk Officer. To better align our business and geographic objectives, which we will also do in reinforcing our efforts in fixed income. Colm Kelleher, in addition, to running sales and trading, will assume coverage of Europe, the Middle East and non-Japan Asia and will now be based in London. And Paul Taubman, in addition to running Global Capital Markets and Investment Banking will assume coverage of Latin America and Japan and will remain in New York. In Global Wealth Management [GWM], we've also made some additional organization changes driven by Charlie Johnston's decision to retire at the end of this year. Charlie will continue through the end of the year as Vice Chairman of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, and Greg Fleming will become President of GWM in addition to Asset Management. Jim Rosenthal was appointed Chief Operating Officer in the firm in January and continues in his role in the integration of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney. Overall, these management changes reflect our desire for superior execution and our belief in what the future environment demands from our leadership as well as obviously the departure of Tom Nides, our former Chief Operating Officer, who has moved to serve in Washington. With regard to the Smith Barney integration, we're pleased with our progress. We remain on track as evidenced by the increased profitability this quarter and net new money for the full year. Revenues and margins will continue to improve as individual investors further engage. In Asset Management, we refocused the business around our core institutional and merchant banking franchises, added talent and addressed the issues posed by a distressed global real estate market. Globally, our colleagues in Japan worked hard to launch our strategic joint venture with Mitsubishi Bank, a partnership that is already starting to pay important dividends in terms of our ability to serve clients. And with the sale of CICC stake, we are poised to start a new chapter on the very strong relationships we've built in China and across Asia for many years. We're currently pursuing a domestic license in China and recently received approval to form a new investment banking joint venture with Huaxin Securities, also known as China Fortune Securities. In Europe, the Middle East, Latin America and Australia, our people on the ground are capitalizing on the Morgan Stanley brand to take advantage of the many opportunities we now see. Overall, we've made progress executing our strategy despite challenging market conditions this year. We remain confident as evidenced by our success in investment banking equities, our disciplined approach with Smith Barney and our substantial improvement in Asset Management. Looking forward, we continue to focus on growing revenue, earnings and ROE in each of our businesses. Our priorities for 2011 and 2012 include: Within Institutional Securities, obviously, improving our results within Fixed Income Sales and Trading and maintaining our leadership positions in Investment Banking and Equity Sales and Trading; within Global Wealth Management, growing our Transaction and Advisory business, increasing deposit and lending revenues, and after the completion of the integration in 2012, to see commensurate cost reduction; within Asset Management, monetizing our strong investment performance in the core business and optimizing our expenses. Let me turn to compensation. A year ago, we explicitly said you would not see the same compensation ratios in 2009 and we did not. The full-year ratio was 51%, down from 62% a year ago, which was in part driven by extremely high DVA. In absolute terms, full-year compensation was higher due to the Morgan Stanley Smith Barney completion of 12 months and the investment in sales and trading. We also demonstrated discipline through our compensation structure. In fact our high deferral rates and call-backs balanced prudence with incentives, which were important to shareholder considerations. This management team is intently focused on improving earnings and ROE, and in the process, we will reward our shareholders and our employees. Thank you. Now I'll turn over to Ruth to review our financial results in more detail, and we will both be available for question and answer.
Ruth Porat: Thank you, James. For the quarter ended December 31, income from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley was $867 million, with diluted earnings per share of $0.43 after preferred dividends. There were four factors that drove our results this quarter. First, ongoing strength in Investment Banking and Equity Sales and Trading, historically very strong areas for us. Second, subdued results in Fixed Income, where we continue to work on our turnaround. Third, notable progress in both Global Wealth Management and Asset Management. And finally, strategic asset sales and expense discipline. Our fourth quarter revenues of $7.8 billion included two noteworthy items: a $668 million or $0.17 per share gain from the sale of CICC; and negative $945 million or $0.36 per share impact from the tightening of credit spreads on firm-issued structured notes, commonly referred to as DVA. This quarter, DVA was driven by a larger outstanding balance, a longer weighted-average maturity and further maturity extension in a portion of our notes. The full-year firm-wide compensation ratio was 51%. Excluding negative DVA of $873 million and the U.K. bonus tax of $272 million, the ratio would have been 49%. Non-compensation expenses increased 12% sequentially, including higher technology and legal cost. For the full year, non-compensation expenses were up roughly 7% annually, normalizing for 12 months of Smith Barney. The increase was driven by higher business activity as well as our ongoing investments in technology. Notably, book value at the end of the quarter was $31.49 per share, up 16% for the year. Turning to the balance sheet. Total assets were $808 billion at December 31, down $34 billion sequentially, driven by lower client activity. Although our calculations are not yet final, we believe our Tier 1 capital ratio under Basel I will be 16%, and our Tier 1 common ratio will be 10.5%, demonstrating the strength of our balance sheet. Risk-weighted assets under Basel I are expected to be approximately $328 billion at December 31. Now turning to our businesses. Institutional Securities revenues of $3.6 billion included the impact of CICC and DVA as mentioned earlier. Noninterest expenses were $3.2 billion in the quarter, up 20% from the third quarter on higher compensation and the seasonality of non-compensation expenses. For the full year, noninterest expenses increased slightly. The full-year compensation ratio was 43%, excluding negative DVA of $873 million and the U.K. bonus tax of $269 million, the ratio would've been 40%. The business reported a pretax profit of $437 million. Investment Banking revenues were $1.5 billion, up 50% from last quarter. For 2010, Morgan Stanley ranked number one in global IPOs, number one in global equity and number two in both global-completed and global-announced M&A. For the year, we advised on eight of the top 10 announced M&A transactions. In the quarter, we were a book runner on all five of the top five transactions in global equity and four of the top five transactions in global IPOs. Advisory revenues of $484 million were up 30% sequentially, driven by higher activity in EMEA and the Americas. Significant announced M&A transactions in the quarter were the $21 billion combination of Weather Investments and VimpelCom in Europe and the $10 billion restructuring of Westfield Group in Australia. Equity Underwriting revenues were $661 million, our highest reported quarter. We saw improvement across all regions. Asia, once again was particularly strong with notable offerings, including AIA's $21 billion IPO, PETRONAS Chemical Group's $5 billion IPO and China Rongsheng Heavy Industries' $2 billion IPO. Fixed-income Underwriting revenues of $370 million were relatively flat to last quarter, as lower bond issuance was largely offset by higher loan syndication fees. Overall, our Investment Banking pipelines remain healthy across products and regions. Equity sales and trading revenues of $1.1 billion included negative DVA of $103 million. Cash equity revenues increased sequentially on higher client activity and increased market share. Derivatives revenues, similarly improved given a more stable volatility environment and increased client flows, and prime brokerage revenues increased from the third quarter as we continue to deepen relationships with our existing clients. Average client balances continued to grow, up 11% sequentially. Fixed income sales and trading negative revenues of $29 million included negative DVA of $842 million. Interest Rate, Credit and Currency revenues were down from last quarter across all businesses. Commodities revenues were relatively flat to the third quarter as lack of market volatility continued to dampen client activity. Our results also continue to reflect a drag from the tightening of monoline credit spreads. Turning to VaR, average trading VaR declined to $132 million from $142 million last quarter, primarily driven by reductions in interest rates and credit. Average non-trading VaR decreased to $95 million from $103 million, primarily due to the sale of our equity stake in Invesco. Global Wealth Management revenues of $3.4 billion increased 8% sequentially as higher commissions, asset management fees and net interest income more than offset lower trading revenues. Commissions increased 31% from last quarter as higher client activity was driven by new issuance and secondary trading. Noninterest expenses were $3 billion, up 5% from last quarter, both on a higher non-compensation and compensation expenses. Integration costs were approximately $63 million. The compensation ratio of 59% in the fourth quarter continues to be driven primarily by the formulaic grid payout. However, the lower ratio this quarter reflects reductions in non-FA compensation, which is not likely sustainable in the near term. Profit before tax was $390 million, and the PBT margin was 12%, up from 9% last quarter. Total client assets increased 4% sequentially to $1.7 trillion on market appreciation and net asset inflows of $14.1 billion in the quarter. Net new money for the year was $22.9 billion. The number of FAs was 18,043, within our expected range of 17,500 to 18,500, while turnover within our top two quintiles, remained in line with historical lows. Deposits in our Bank Deposit Program were $113 billion, all of which $55 billion is held by Morgan Stanley banks. Asset Management net revenues of $858 million increased 7% from the third quarter. Core Asset Management revenues of $410 million included higher asset management fees and increased gains on seed investments as well as a $126 million impairment charge related to the restructuring of FrontPoint and a $96 million gain on the sale of our equity stake in Invesco. Merchant Banking revenues of $448 million included investment gains in real estate and private equity. Approximately $109 million was related to investment gains from consolidated Nasref [ph] (22:29) funds. Given the ownership structure of these funds, the majority of the gains are passed to third-party investors in the non-controlling interest line. Approximately $95 million of the principal investment gains were from private equity, primarily driven by Asian investments. Noninterest expenses for Asset Management declined 4% from last quarter on lower compensation and non-compensation expenses. PBT was $356 million for a margin of 41%. Total AUM increased slightly to $279 billion, primarily due to higher market levels. Asset flows were negative $600 million during the quarter, primarily driven by $1.5 billion of outflows related to FrontPoint. As of December 2010, over 70% of our long-term strategies continue to outperform their respective benchmarks on a three-, five- and 10-year basis. Now turning to our outlook. We are increasingly encouraged by the pace of the recovery as reflected in capital markets activity. Key indicators include: strengthening equity markets, improving corporate confidence reflected in M&A activity, successful equity issuances across industries globally, higher investor activity and ongoing growth in emerging markets. That said, the potential for more policy intervention that drove the risk on, risk off investor sentiment last year remains due to both macroeconomic issues and ongoing regulatory implementation. Sovereign credit concerns in Europe continue to be at the forefront. And in the U.S., distressed state and local budgets as well as the deficit remain open items. Inflation risk in emerging markets could also elicit policy moves. And on regulation, added clarity regarding certain elements of Basel and Dodd-Frank are helpful, although final rules are clearly still in formation. While our overall performance is dependent on the global market environment, we believe we are well positioned for the evolving regulatory regime, with an emphasis on client-focused businesses supported by appropriate capital and liquidity. Our growing client footprint and investments across the firm are key to leveraging the strengths we have across many of our businesses and closing gaps and others, with disciplined investment and implementation proceeding performance. Looking forward, we are focused on growing our share of the market by leveraging our global brand and client franchise to provide the highest quality service to clients and stronger returns to our stakeholders. Thank you. And now we will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Howard Chen with Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen: James, you spoke to more work to be done in fixed income to drive revenue and market share growth. Other than the announced management changes, could you just give us maybe your top three action items to get there? I get a lot of questions from investors on what exactly is the limiting factor in closing that gap.
Ruth Porat: Why don't I go ahead on that. As James said, as I said, we're in the first of a two-year steady build of that business. And as we've talked about in the past, our view is that we were subscale and although we had a good mix of structure solutions and flow business, we really needed to build out the flow business more. And that's really the conversation we've been having about rates and foreign exchange. And so, we built out that footprint, we're building flow. But when you look at this quarter, there's really a bit of a virtuous cycle with broader, deeper footprint allowing more efficient trading to support our client activity. And so really, with the buildout of our footprint, we're leveraging the strength we have across Institutional Securities with clients to drive those relationships deeper. But it is the first of a two-year steady build.
Howard Chen: And then switching gears over to Global Wealth Management, we certainly saw the impact of improving retail engagement on top-line results. But could you just give us an update on the timeline of the platform integration and when should we expect these cost synergies to be realized? And then continue to help margins drive higher?

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Morgan Stanley conference call. The following is a live broadcast by Morgan Stanley and is provided as a courtesy. Please note that this call is being broadcast on the Internet through the company's website at www.morganstanley.com. A replay of the call and webcast will be available through the company's website and by phone for a period of seven days. This presentation may contain forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made which reflect management's current estimates, projections, expectations or beliefs and which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. For a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of Morgan Stanley, please see Morgan Stanley's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2009 Annual Report on Form 10-K, Morgan Stanley's quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and Morgan Stanley’s current reports on Form 8-K. The presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in Morgan Stanley's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Morgan Stanley’s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and Morgan Stanley's current reports on Form 8-K, which are available on Morgan Stanley's website, www.morganstanley.com. Any recording, rebroadcast or other use of this presentation in whole or in part without the prior written consent of Morgan Stanley is strictly prohibited. This presentation is copyrighted and proprietary to Morgan Stanley. At this time, I would like to turn the program over to the President and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman for today’s call.
James Gorman: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Before handing over the call here to Ruth, I wanted to give some brief remarks about our results and update you on our strategic initiatives. Our quarterly financial results were clearly affected by the significant slowing of capital markets again last quarter and continued through the summer and into September. Volumes and client activity across our businesses, particularly in the first half of the quarter, were weak as institutional and retail investors continued to avoid risk assets. That said, this quarter we achieved some key milestones in shaping our future and the firm delivered improved performance across investment banking, wealth management, and asset management. While these businesses performed well, our aggregate results for the quarter were disappointing and do not reflect the full potential of this franchise. Morgan Stanley remains a work in progress. We are rebalancing the firm to more effectively leverage our capital base and balance sheet. We are adopting a model consistent with the legislative changes emanating from the Dodd-Frank bill and the regulatory changes being crystallized through Basel III. We are reallocating our capital and our balance sheet away from proprietary businesses and reinvesting it in our client businesses. An initiative this quarter consistent with this rebalancing was the restructuring of our ownership in the hedge fund, FrontPoint Partners whereby we will significantly reduce our total ownership. Within our business segments, we saw progress in many areas, although some businesses clearly remain subdued, most notably fixed income, as Ruth will detail in a moment. In institutional securities, we are broadening our client footprint and expanding our strengths and capabilities. This was evidenced by increased market share in all capital markets' underwriting products, as well as the improvement in our institutional investor rankings. In global wealth management, while progress will never be a straight line, we saw improvement on our key metrics including pretax margin and net new money flows, while delivering steady revenue in a very challenging environment. Encouragingly, retail investor activity appeared to bottom earlier in the quarter. The build of our technology platform is expected to be completed by the third quarter of next year, followed by a series of rollouts extending into 2012. Key decisions on the integration are being made and being executed. While this is a complex integration task, we have no major concerns about the plans or progress, although as we previously said, financial performance of the business is obviously somewhat market-dependent. In asset management, we continue to restructure the business, as evidenced by our reduced ownership in FrontPoint Partners and the hiring of several talented executives into the long-only institutional business. We will be rolling out more detailed plans in coming months. Let me finish briefly by commenting on the regulation environment. The regulatory changes are real, permanent and will fundamentally reshape the industry. With respect to capital, Ruth will outline the potential impact on our risk-weighted assets under the proposed framework. Morgan Stanley is embracing the changes, rapidly evolving our business model to position our firm to thrive in the future. Now, please I'll turn it over to Ruth for more details on the specific third quarter results.
Ruth Porat: Thank you, James. For the quarter ended September 30, income from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley was $313 million with diluted earnings per share of $0.05 after preferred dividend. Our results this quarter reflected muted performance within our fixed income business. At the same time, corporate clients reengaged in investment banking and our wealth and asset management businesses delivered modestly higher profits with positive fund flows. Our revenues included the negative impact from the tightening of credit spreads on firm issued structured notes, commonly referred to as DVA, of approximately $731 million or $0.30 per share. Specifically, our third quarter revenues were $6.8 billion, down 15% sequentially or up 4% normalizing for DVA in each period. Our non-interest expenses were $6 billion, down 4% from last quarter, primarily on lower compensation. The firm-wide compensation ratio was 54%. Excluding DVA, the compensation ratio was 49%. Non-compensation expenses were $2.3 billion, down 3% from last quarter, primarily due to lower brokerage and clearing and professional services expenses. Results for the quarter also included $176 million or $0.12 per share associated with the repatriation of non-U.S. earnings at a cost lower than originally estimated. Excluding this, the quarterly effective tax rate from continuing operations would have been 19.1%. Including discontinued operations, we reported a net loss per diluted share of $0.07, which included a loss of $229 million associated with the planned disposition of Revel. The remaining carrying value of this investment is approximately $40 million. Turning to our book value on Page 3 of the supplement, book value at the end of the quarter was $31.25 per share, up 5% sequentially, primarily due to the issuance of $5.6 billion in common equity to CIC. Turning to the balance sheet data on the same page, total assets were $841 billion at September 30, an increase of 4% from the second quarter, primarily driven by interest rate products and prime brokerage. Our capital ratios continue to demonstrate the strength of our balance sheet. Although our calculations are not final, we believe our Tier 1 capital ratio under Basel I will be 16.5% and our Tier 1 common ratio will be 10.8%. Risk-weighted assets under Basel I are expected to be approximately $326 billion as of September 30. With respect to Basel III, many rules still require interpretation and final rule writing. Based on our analysis of the guidelines to date, we believe that our third quarter balance sheet under Basel III would result in our risk-weighted assets increasing pro forma by approximately $240 billion. This increase would be prior to run-off and mitigation opportunities, which we estimate would reduce RWAs by approximately $100 billion by the end of 2012 for a net RWA increase of about $140 billion or approximately 40%. The primary driver of the increase in our RWAs is higher market risk for securitization and structured credit correlation products and credit risk for counterparty exposures. These are clearly preliminary estimates which are subject to final guidelines by the Federal Reserve. I will now briefly review our business units. For institutional securities on Page 5 of the supplement, revenues were $2.9 billion, down from the second quarter on lower client volume and lower trading results across the sales and trading businesses, particularly fixed income. Revenues included approximately $731 million of negative DVA as mentioned earlier. Normalizing for DVA, revenues were down 3% for the quarter. Principal investment revenues of $387 million included gains of approximately $313 million on an investment held by consolidated investment partnership with other third-party investors. Non-interest expenses were $2.7 billion in the quarter, down 9% sequentially on lower compensation and non-compensation expenses. The compensation ratio was 52% in the quarter. Excluding the impact of DVA, the compensation ratio was 41%. The business reported a pretax profit of $240 million. With respect to investment banking, revenues were $1 billion, up 14% from last quarter. For the first nine months of 2010, Morgan Stanley ranked first in global IPOs, second in global completed M&A, and third in global announced M&A and global equity. During the quarter, we gained share across capital markets' underwriting products, including global equity, as well as investment-grade and high yield debt. And we led significant deals in the market, including three of the top five transactions in global equity and in global IPOs. Advisory revenues of $371 million were up 29% sequentially, driven by an increase in the number of closed transactions. We advised on significant announced M&A transactions in the quarter, including International Power's $25 billion acquisition by GDF Suez Energy. Equity underwriting revenues were $260 million, down 3% from last quarter on lower volumes in Europe. Significant transactions included bookrunner positions for the two largest equity offerings this quarter, Agricultural Bank of China's $12 billion IPO and Petrobras' $69 billion follow-on offering. Fixed income underwriting revenues increased 15% sequentially to $377 million on higher investment and non-investment grade bond issuance, partially offset by lower loan syndication fees. Significant transactions included Valeant Pharmaceuticals' $2.8 billion loan facility and $1.2 billion high yield bond offering, as well as Aon Corporation's $2.5 billion bridge and term loan to acquire Hewitt Associates. Overall, our investment banking pipelines remain healthy across products and regions and continued to improve from last quarter. Turning to equity sales and trading on Page 6, equity sales and trading reported revenues of $925 million that included the negative impact of DVA of $196 million. Cash equity revenues were down from the second quarter as market volumes declined sharply. However, commission levels outpaced overall market activity across most geographies. Prime brokerage revenues remained flat against the backdrop of declining hedge fund leverage. However, balances trended up in September, ending well above the quarterly average. Derivatives revenues declined meaningfully on lower client activity and lower volatility versus the second quarter. Of note, our Asian equity business was up about 25% versus the second quarter, driven by significantly stronger client flows than overall market activity. Turning to fixed income sales and trading, revenues of $846 million included the negative impact of DVA of $464 million. During the quarter, we continued to execute on improving distribution and footprint within interest rates, FX, and emerging markets. Within our Interest Rate, Credit and Currencies business, IRCC, credit corporate's performance was up meaningfully versus the second quarter with particular strength in investment grade. Interest rates revenues were up modestly from the previous quarter and FX revenues declined significantly on lower client flows and lower trading revenue. IRCC results were also negatively impacted by hedging losses of $272 million from the tightening of monoline credit spreads. In commodities, revenues were also lower on weaker client activity as markets continued to be range-bound. Other sales and trading negative revenues of $341 million primarily reflect funding costs, including the amounts liquidity being held by the U.S. banks, as well as the component of DVA. Turning to Value-at-Risk on pages 3 and 6 of the supplement, total average trading and non-trading VaR increased to $189 million from $164 million in the second quarter, driven primarily by non-trading VaR. Average trading VaR was relatively unchanged at $142 million compared to $139 million in the second quarter as increased interest rate and credit risk was offset by reduced foreign exchange risk. However, average non-trading VaR increased to $103 million from $67 million, primarily driven by the increase in the value of our investment in Invesco. With respect to our global wealth management business summarized on Page 8 of the supplement, revenues of $3.1 billion were relatively unchanged from last quarter as higher trading and net interest income offset lower commissions in asset management revenue. Non-interest expenses were $2.8 billion, down 2% from last quarter on lower compensation. The compensation ratio was 62%, driven by the formulaic grid payout, but offset by reduced non-FA comp expense. Integration related costs were approximately $83 million in the quarter. Profit before tax was $281 million and the PVT margin was 9%, up from 7% last quarter. On Page 9 of the supplement, you can see the quarterly productivity measures for the business. Total client assets increased 7% sequentially to $1.6 trillion on market appreciation with asset inflows of $5 billion in the quarter. The number of FAs was relatively unchanged at 18,119 and turnover within our top two quintiles remained well below our target. Deposits in our Bank Deposit Program were $109 billion, of which $52 billion is held by Morgan Stanley banks. The Bank Deposit Program represents the majority of the $61 billion in firm-wide deposits at quarter-end across global wealth management and institutional securities. Now, turning to asset management on Page 10 of our supplement. Net revenues were $802 million, up substantially from the second quarter. Core asset management generated revenues of $380 million, up 27% sequentially due to positive marks on seed investments and higher performance fees. Merchant banking revenues of $422 million increased significantly from last quarter, driven by principal investment gains in real estate and private equity. Approximately $203 million of these investment gains were from consolidated MSREF fund. As such, given the ownership structure of these funds, the majority of the gains are passed to third-party investors in the non-controlling interest line. Approximately $83 million of the investment gains were from private equity, primarily driven by Asian investments. Non-interest expenses for asset management were up 5% from last quarter on higher non-compensation expenses that included a $31 million impairment charge on FrontPoint intangibles. PVT was $279 million for a margin of 35%. Excluding the gains attributable to the non-controlling interest, the segment was profitable with PVT of $86 million for a margin of 14%. As summarized on Page 11 of the supplement, total AUM increased 9% to $273 billion, primarily due to higher market levels and asset inflows which totaled $2.9 billion during the quarter. As of August 2010, over 70% of our long-term strategies continued to outperform their respective benchmarks on a three, five, and 10-year basis. Let me end by commenting on our outlook. Obviously, the key variables regarding our performance are tied to the global market environment and executing on the opportunities created in that environment. Emerging markets activity remains robust based on the volume seen in the third quarter, as well as what we see in the backlog going into the fourth quarter. We believe that firms with a global presence, such as Morgan Stanley, are well positioned to benefit from this activity. However, the key question remains "opportunities in developed markets." Although growth in developed economics continues to be fragile, we are cautiously optimistic about the outlook for the next year. First, we have seen signs of activity beginning to pick up in September across our businesses. Corporate balance sheets remain cash-rich and clients are using cash for repurchase, which is providing some support to the equity markets and for M&A. And the pace of activity with retail investors, as James noted, has also picked up. That being said and given the fragility of the recovery, it is too early to assume that these trends are going to continue. For example, policy decisions could still affect the scope of recovery. With three potentially important upcoming events, the expected quantitative easing from the Fed, the U.S. midterm elections, and the G-20 Meeting in Seoul in November, it's premature to gauge their impact on markets and investors. Though the industry faces near-term cyclical challenges, we view capital markets as having long-term secular growth opportunities. We remain very focused on disciplined execution of our strategy to continue the building and enhancing of our global footprint. Thank you. And now, we will take any questions you may have.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. The first question will come from Glenn Schorr with Nomura.
Glenn Schorr: Thanks very much. Point of clarification maybe, Ruth, on the other sales and trading loss. In your text, you talked about primarily it affecting funding costs and the liquidity held at the U.S. sub banks. Can you just give us a little more color on it, because it sounds like something that's been there all along, we just didn't know about it?
Ruth Porat: Well, first hello and welcome. The main components in the category, other sales and trading, do – have included corporate lending and relationship and leverage lending, credit spread impact on CIC, funding related costs, and a few other items. This quarter – for the third quarter, the items were first, the amortization of the value of the de-designated hedges related to the 2008 debt buyback and retirement program – you may recall, we talked about that over several quarters, going back sometime; increased liquidity; the negative carry in the U.S. banks' portfolio as we build out the bank; a $71 million loss on credit spread tightening on our debt related to CIC's investment. And so the impact of mark-to-market P&L and corporate lending, which we had in prior quarters was not material this quarter.
Glenn Schorr: Got you. So this – sounds like there is a ongoing cost there, like you said on liquidity and funding at the bank that is part of the ongoing operating, and in a steady-state world will be there. I just – am I thinking about that the right way? In other words, the $341 million this quarter had offsets in other quarters, maybe through leverage lending or something else, but just didn't have offset this quarter?
Ruth Porat: Right. Exactly. Leverage loans were muted this quarter, so we didn't have the offset. But you are right, you characterized it correctly.
Glenn Schorr: Okay, cool. Moving on, just in terms of CIC franchise, I think people have had their expectation set on, it takes a while to build or rebuild a client franchise. But with VaR up a little bit and trading efficiency obviously down this quarter, I'm just curious, think – how much of that is – it takes time to build the client franchise versus a conscious decision to de-risk in a slow quarter versus are there legacy positions dragging? Just if you could help talk through some of that?
Ruth Porat: The primary issue is really the first one you articulated, which we have stressed for quite some time, which is we are still building the footprint and it takes time to realize the positive benefit of the investment. So as we look at the quarter, in particular a slow July and August, what we saw were lower client volumes. We didn't have a lot of client activity and as a result, we didn't see as many trading opportunities coming out of the client flow. So while we didn't make a lot of money, we also didn't lose a lot of money, but it's very much in our view the first point that it takes time and we said this repeatedly, this is about quarters to build the position that we expect to have.
Glenn Schorr: Cool. And then – I appreciate the commentary on the Basel III walk-through and risk-weighted assets. Could you help on the numeric side, or more importantly, where does that shake out at the end of 2012 in terms of steady-state ratio now, add in forward earnings, subtract out the changes on both mitigation, high-risk weightings, and the roll-forward?
Ruth Porat: So, what we were attempting to give is an analysis of RWAs and obviously, this is preliminary and there is still interpretation to come. Our Tier 1 common equity at September 30 is estimated to be approximately $35 billion. There are many items that can impact capital between now and 2013. So as I said, we are comfortable with our position, we are confident in meeting all the requirements of Basel 2.5 and III and wanted to give you the RWAs so you could do your roll-forward.
Glenn Schorr: Understood. And last one, on Smith Barney, is that a contractual buy-in on May '12, '13, and '14 or do you have any optionality there?
Ruth Porat: That is an option.
Glenn Schorr: That's option? Okay. So you have to make an assumption on whether or not you would exercise the option, because it's a big capital impart [ph].
James Gorman: It's an open-ended call option.
Glenn Schorr: Got it – got it. Okay, cool. Thank you. Thanks, James.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Guy Moszkowski with Bank of America.
Ruth Porat: Hello, Guy.
Guy Moszkowski: Good morning, Ruth. Good morning, James.
James Gorman: Hi, Guy.
Guy Moszkowski: We can see the impact of the capital coming in from CIC on your supplement Page 4, to the parent company. And I'm just wondering whether you intend to retain it there or whether you would look at allocating some of that down to the operating units, in particular the investment bank.
Ruth Porat: We retained it there, as we've talked about in prior quarters, with the assumption that it will be allocated over time as we have greater clarity on Basel 2.5, III, but that is precisely the intent.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay, thanks. And just to follow up on the Basel III question and your comments about RWA, can you give us any more detail on the type of mitigation actions that you would envision?
Ruth Porat: Sure. There are really two major categories. One is run-off, primarily the securitization book and correlation book. And the other is a more modest estimate of additional sales out of our merchant banking portfolio, hedge fund stakes, et cetera that will release capital and therefore RWA.
Guy Moszkowski: Right, which in a sense is mandated under Dodd-Frank anyway, right?
Ruth Porat: It is, although we like to underscore that it was strategically something we have been quite focused on even prior to Dodd-Frank and core to the way we are looking at where we want to take the business prospectively and very much a focus of Greg Fleming's since his arrival here.
James Gorman: We – actually Guy, we started this review probably 18 months ago to look at all the capital we have tied up in our principal investing businesses and the percent in each of the funds that we have, the seed capital that we have across our various asset management businesses, and obviously our ownership stake. So it's been a very long and thought-through process and we are right in the middle of executing on it now.
Guy Moszkowski: And that comment is sort of a good segue into a follow-up question on FrontPoint. Can you give us a little bit more of a sense for exactly what's happening there strategically, what drove that given that – my understanding there is that was really a customer investment business rather than tying up a lot of Morgan Stanley's capital. And finally, what – is there any further charge that we might anticipate in the fourth quarter beyond the goodwill impairment that you mentioned that took place this quarter?
James Gorman: On – FrontPoint was – firstly, I think it is challenging for institutions like us for lots of reasons, including conflict to own – fully own 100% of hedge funds. Secondly, we do have about $300 million of seed capital tied up in FrontPoint and we obviously have a plan to – it's sort of more than that [ph] – we have a plan to repatriate that over relatively short period of time. And we just feel comfortable as a minority stakeholder with a different structure of compensating us as a minority holder, if you will, in terms of revenue share than we had as a 100% owner. So it has multiple benefits and it clarifies what we do and it clarifies what FrontPoint does and allows them to go about their business.
Guy Moszkowski: Got it, thanks. I just have one more question, which is on global wealth management. The largest single revenue item there is of course the asset management driven fees and they have been extremely consistent. Can you just give us a sense for what percent of those fees are actual – actually based on customer assets under control and to what extent there might be some variability beyond just what happens to markets?
James Gorman: Well, I'm on a roll here, so why don't I just continue? The asset management fees in that business are a mix obviously of the total assets in the various forms of asset management accounts, the discretionary accounts through to the fund-of-funds accounts, the managed money accounts, and the sort of priced fee accounts. So they are a function of three things; one is the pricing-only accounts, two is the absolute asset volumes in the market, and three is the flow of new assets either from outside the firm or existing assets from within the firm that get moved into those accounts as clients prefer to pay by fee. All of those three things have been positive in that business. It reflects a very strong Smith Barney leverage – legacy in this space, which is now being applied to the former Morgan Stanley Dean Witter business. And that's why we are seeing, I think, the increase in absolute asset levels and in revenues from it. And it's a good thing for the business.
Guy Moszkowski: Great. Thanks very much to both of you.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Roger Freeman with Barclays Capital.
Ruth Porat: Good morning, Roger.
Roger Freeman: Good morning. I guess a couple of questions around your Basel III initial take here. I guess, one is with respect to mitigation, as you are thinking about the roll-offs, are you just looking at this as passive or is there – are there more sort of active tear-ups, et cetera that you are pursuing? And actually to that point, it sounds like your RWA at least on a gross basis is going up 75%. That's a lot lower than what your sort of prior – obviously pre-Basel III estimate was, and possibly a doubling a year ago. It seems like you've made a whole lot of progress here.
Ruth Porat: So, two things that – to your point, a preliminary estimate and we would rather plan for the worst and hope for the best, but the rules have continued to provide clarity and they are obviously still a bit preliminary. But we think that from what we have today, we feel comfortable that we are looking, as you said, about a 75% increase. With respect to mitigation, we are looking at roll-offs, as I said, from the existing book. We assume that we will be able to do tear-ups as well. But we haven’t included that within the calculation. And again, this is a preliminary estimate. So wasn't in, I assume it will be in, do assume it's logical.
Roger Freeman: Do you still think that the central clearing ultimately will be a big benefit here as well? I think you had mentioned that last time we talked.
Ruth Porat: We assume it will. And again, there are added steps that we hope will continue to layer into the calculation over time. And that, to your point, would be one.
Roger Freeman: Okay. And just lastly, on that topic, do you anticipate running at some sort of a buffer above even whatever is systemic for the Fed is going to call for?
Ruth Porat: I think – again – we know the floor is 7% and there are various assumptions as to how much above that will be required as a systemically critical institution and the counter-cyclical buffer. So we want to see where those numbers come out and depending on where they come out, we will assess the appropriateness of buffer, any size of buffer.
Roger Freeman: Okay. And just one other thing. On your mark on Revel, can you just sort of help us think about that one a little bit? I know it's basically down to zero now. But was there something specific on that investment, given that commercial real estate prices were broadly flat in the quarter and also, you actually had gains in other real estate funds. So maybe it's a geography issue or –?
Ruth Porat: Well, when we decided to sell the business in earlier this year and we evaluated the most likely value to be received, we have a year in which to sell it. As we progress with discussions with buyers, our best assessment now with the benefit of more information is that we need – the value is lower and thus we are required to write down the carrying value by about $200 million. To your point, our current carrying value is now only about $40 million.
James Gorman: I'd just add to that, Roger. The valuation of that property is affected less by commercial real estate players and the valuations of the gaming industry and customer spend and traffic and so on, and specifically gaming industry in Atlantic City. This is, after all, a half-built casino in Atlantic City.
Roger Freeman: Yes, not a lot of value in that. Okay. Thanks a lot, both of you.
Ruth Porat: Yes.
Operator: The next question will come from Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Mike Mayo: Good morning.
Ruth Porat: Hi, Mike.
Mike Mayo: First, on the positive side, can you comment on what happened linked quarter in Asia? Looks like those revenues were up three-fourths.
Ruth Porat: Yes. So in the Asian business, we saw increases across a number of the businesses. Our advisory business was up 180%. You saw a lot of the headlines with strong equity underwriting, issuances, and IPOs. The equity markets did not see the kind of market volume declines that we saw in the U.S. and Europe and within the fixed income business, up 61% in IRCC, which was FX and credit corporate. So, real broad strength in Asia.
Mike Mayo: And should we expect that level going forward or is that anything kind of temporary there?
Ruth Porat: From what we have seen, it continues to be strong. Whether we can expect anything of that magnitude, I would certainly not want to leave you with that assumption. But the pipeline is strong, in particular in China.
James Gorman: And longer term, strategically, Asia and China specifically have become much more important to Morgan Stanley, given our CIC relationship, our significant business in the Mainland and out of Hong Kong, and our business in other parts of – regional parts of Asia.
Mike Mayo: And then separately, following up on Basel III, first, are you running your systems in parallel yet with Basel II?
Ruth Porat: Yes.
Mike Mayo: How many quarters have you been running in parallel?
Ruth Porat: We entered parallel run on July 1.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And then, I might have missed it. What is your Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III?
Ruth Porat: We – you didn't miss it. We actually – what we provided is the RWA – our best estimate, let me put it that way, at the RWA roll-forward and our best estimate at some of the run-off opportunities. Our Tier 1 common at September 30 was approximately $35 billion and there are a number of items that can affect capital between now and then. So we wanted to give you the RWA's to let you layer that in.
Mike Mayo: So what we have to go with right now is $35 billion divided by $466 billion, with no other adjustments? But there could be some adjustments, I guess to the numerator.
Ruth Porat: Right. And – so it's $565 billion prior to any run-off, and then $465 billion.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And can you give any rough sense of the impact to numerator? I guess that could go down some, the $35 billion, or are you – think that will be –?
Ruth Porat: No, that – I think that's all I'm prepared to say on that topic.
Mike Mayo: Okay.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Mike Mayo: All right, thanks a lot.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Howard Chen with Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen: Hi, good morning.
Ruth Porat: Good morning, Howard.
Howard Chen: James, I believe you noted at a recent conference your view that returns will restore back to the high-teens over time. I was just hoping you could expand upon that comment, and maybe frame what type of macro conditions and regulatory assumptions you broadly think about in achieving that goal.
James Gorman: Well, that's a large question, Howard, which I think we would have to have another conference to answer it accurately. Clearly, we have in our hand the ability to turn the dial up and down on the various businesses that we have. And if we look across our businesses, historically, wealth management businesses have generated returns of up to 45% return on capital; asset management businesses have generated returns between 25% and 35%; core investment banking businesses, effectively infinity; and the sales and trading businesses, as you know, it depends which business and how much balance sheet you are using and with what risk and so on. And that's where you have dollar [ph] turning ability. So as we think about the various pieces that make up Morgan Stanley, take into account obviously the risk-weighted asset changes, and as we extrapolate privately on what the numerator number that the previous, I think it was Roger or Mike was calling about, we clearly believe the industry and those that have survived the financial crisis and have consolidated positions are in a position, if well managed, to extract that kind of mid-high teen returns that we talked about. So it's – obviously, our long-term desire is to meet and exceed our cost to capital and we have a lot of levers that we are working on.
Howard Chen: Great. That's helpful context. And I realize it's a big question. And then, just given the mortgage foreclosure concerns in the marketplace, I was just hoping to get your perspective on the legal climate and the liability in your view from your activities as an originator, service securitizer within the market.
Ruth Porat: So, I think it's obviously kind of a fluid topic. I think like other financial institutions, we have been named a defendant in cases in connection with CDOs and RMBS. And as you know, we don't comment on individual litigation unless we have concluded they are material to the firm or disclosures otherwise are required or meaningful. So I think at this point, there is really no update that we have. We are obviously watching, but I would refer you to the legal proceedings section of our most recent filings.
Howard Chen: Okay, thanks. And then just I guess switching gears, Ruth, just where are we just broadly in the cost synergy realization on the global wealth management JV?
Ruth Porat: We are very much on track, continuing to execute on the integration.
Howard Chen: Okay. Is there a specific number of kind of where – what you have achieved out of the broader target?
Ruth Porat: We could probably piece together from the disclosure we have had today, we are about halfway through.
Howard Chen: Okay, many thanks. And then just last question on my end. Could we just get a brief update on the retail banking strategy? I know you noted, Ruth, kind of where the deposits lie, but I think you might have had a key departure from the business during the quarter, and I just wanted to know if there was any shift in how you broadly think about retail banking.
James Gorman: Yes, fair question. Let me take that one. We – a couple of years ago, when we hired, and the person you are talking about is CC Sutton, who is a terrific person and has gone to run part of Citigroup's retail banking network. She came out of that kind of job at Wachovia. When she joined us a couple of years ago, we were contemplating as in the world of turmoil and change in financial services of a potential roll-up strategy of different retail banking networks attaching them to our brokerage business. Subsequent to that thinking, however, which was not particularly well formed – it was just opportunistic and we were exploring what was available in raising our deposit base. Subsequent to that thinking, we conducted the Smith Barney transaction, which has exposed us to obviously a much larger retail client base, nearly 1,000 offices domestically and a lot more deposits ultimately. So, we had a change in strategy, which was to instead of buying banks with all the integration challenges associated with that, we decided to build effectively a shadow private bank by putting private bankers in each of our major complexes around the country. And that process is well underway, it's generating significant loan particularly in deposit interest, and we expect it to be a very important part of our strategy going forward and it has a different compensable revenue structure than traditional equities and securities businesses. So it's well on track. We wish CC well, she's a great person. And the business remains on track and is of a different style and type than what we anticipated.
Howard Chen: Excellent. Thanks for the update on everything.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Carrier with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Carrier: Thanks. Ruth, just one follow-up on Basel. I think a lot of firms when they are giving these updates when they get more clarity, one is they are giving the adjusted or the new RWA number with some mitigation and roll-offs. And then just on the capital side, it's sort of flowing through, so you are looking at apples to apples on 2012. So when we look at that $35 billion and we are looking forward, obviously we will all come up with our return on equity over the next year or two for you guys to generate. And I guess the other big piece would be just the MUFG in that conversion, and the price is obviously higher than where the current price is today. So I guess any update on that, and I guess at least from the regulators' perspective, is that demand for a convert, do you assume that that's already going to be in there or do you feel like you got to wait until it actually converts and it's into common for you guys to have more flexibility?
Ruth Porat: We – it is – the terms of conversion are obviously based on the stock price threshold, and we haven't assumed anything in here because this is actually a – as I said, a snapshot at 9/30, our capital position at 9/30, and so that's kind of one point. The second point, I think it was obvious, but when you started asking the question, I just wanted to make sure it is. With respect to the securitization framework and the deducts to capital, what we have done is convert this to an RWA equivalent. So that was just one piece I wanted to make sure was clear.
Michael Carrier: Yes, I was just getting to the $35 billion is as of today, and just saying that if we assume that you have to have the ratios in place by 2012, is that $35 billion can grow into that RWA number.
Ruth Porat: Yes.
Michael Carrier: Okay. And then just second, and I guess this is for James, just on the ROE question and I guess there's long term and maybe medium-term. I think if you look across the landscape, obviously it was a challenging quarter for most firms. And you guys are a little bit unique because, one is, I think you are still building out in certain areas where you might have had some relative strength during the quarter, and other firms were better positioned just because they already have a build-out. And then there's other things that maybe just from a – particularly on the trading side, just either there were more severe hits or just from a risk management standpoint, maybe not as well positioned. I'm just trying to I guess gauge that, because if you look at the adjusted ROE of like a 4% versus some out there putting up like a 10%. Just trying to gauge, what is sort of very specific to the quarter versus over the next quarter or two, as long as the build-out takes place, do you still feel like you can get to a pretty decent or competitive ROE?
James Gorman: Well, there is a lot in that. Let me give you just a couple of reactions and I think your opening comment was the best one, which is that we take a long-term view. We certainly aren’t going to measure our ROE over a summer month quarter where the world was trying to understand whether we would have a sovereign debt crisis in Europe and whether we would have a double-dip recession in the U.S., and whether China would be in for a hard landing. So, we have to take a longer-term view, as I'm sure and I know you understand. We – listen, we think we have the right mix of businesses. Our business model is pretty straightforward. We spun off Discover, we spun off Van Kampen, we have now spun off FrontPoint, we spun off MSCI. We are focused on businesses that are involved in the origination, distribution, and management of capital. We have a lot of dials that I talked about earlier that we can turn. But we are in a transition period. And we are focused on disciplined execution, not making mistakes, not creating drags unnecessarily on our business, but respecting the fact we have to invest in our platform, our distribution, and our flow businesses to get to the scale that gives us the ROE kind of numbers that I talked about earlier. And we are right in the middle of that investment now, whether it be Smith Barney, whether it be our fixed income cross rates, emerging markets, foreign exchange, particularly equity derivatives, you name it. We are making those investments, because we are planning for the long run.
Michael Carrier: Okay. Thanks to both of you.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: The final question will come from Mark Lane of William Blair.
Mark Lane: Good morning. Just two quick ones. So in the global wealth management business, the last several quarters you have given us the non-recurring expense that's running through the income statement. What's that number this quarter?
Ruth Porat: That was $83 million this quarter.
Mark Lane: Okay. And then I guess for James, on the fixed income trading side, so I acknowledge that it was a slow quarter from an activity perspective and you are still building, but how would you assess the quality of the quarter based on the people that you have right now? Was it an acceptable quarter from an execution perspective? Could you do a lot better with the people that you have? It's difficult to get a sense of how you feel, how you perform with what you have got.
James Gorman: Well, let me take a cut at it, and Ruth may want to add to it. Firstly, again, not to be silly about it, but quarters come around pretty quickly. In fact, they have an unnerving frequency of every 13 weeks, and this 13 weeks, we had a very, very difficult July on the flow side and the various positions we took, we had modest performance. It was a slow August, and it was a late Labor Day September. So we are in a rebuild. We have hired, I believe, 70% of our target hires for this year. Most of those people came on board in the second quarter and the third quarter, and we expect them to be sort of fully productive by the first quarter of next year. It takes people with (inaudible) and all that sort of stuff, three, six months to get up and running. So we feel pretty good about the footprint build-out. We are not exactly where we want to be, but we are a lot better off than we were 12 months ago. And it's going to – that takes a little time to root itself. We also put in place the senior relationship management program, which is covering our top institutional clients and that business is in – we have made some significant hires into that business. So we have made a lot of progress, but this is not a – this is not something that's going to happen with – in any 13-week period. We are just looking for progress.
Mark Lane: Okay. Thank you.
Ruth Porat: Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Morgan Stanley conference call. The following is a live broadcast by Morgan Stanley and is provided as a courtesy. Please note that this call is being broadcast on the Internet through the company's Website at www.morganstanley.com. A replay of the call and webcast will be available through the company's Website and by phone for a period of seven days. This presentation may contain forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made which reflect management's current estimates, projections, expectations or beliefs and which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. For a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of Morgan Stanley, please see Morgan Stanley's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2009 annual report on Form 10-K, Morgan Stanley's quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and Morgan Stanley’s current reports on Form 8-K. The presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the Morgan Stanley's annual report on Form 10-K, Morgan Stanley’s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and Morgan Stanley's current reports on Form 8-K, which are available on Morgan Stanley's Website, www.morganstanley.com. Any recording, rebroadcast or other use of this presentation in whole or in part without the prior written consent of Morgan Stanley is strictly prohibited. This presentation is copyrighted and proprietary to Morgan Stanley. At this time, I would like to turn the program over to the President and Chief Executive Officer, James Gorman for today’s conference call.
James Gorman: Thank you operator, and good morning and thank you everyone for joining us. I am going to make some brief opening remarks before turning the call over to Ruth. As you all know, the second quarter was a very difficult environment for the businesses we operate in, and within the quarter, the second half was more challenging than the first half. The macro environment was characterized by uncertainties regarding global growth, concerns on European sovereign credit risks, and in the United States the impact of financial regulatory reform. Volumes in client activity across businesses were light, reflecting both institutional and retail investors’ lack of conviction. Notwithstanding this market environment, we continue to make progress on the execution of our strategy. We remain committed to deliberate and disciplined execution specifically. In institutional securities, we are continuing to build our world-class client franchise and there is evidence of clear progress as Ruth will provide in detail in a moment. Despite the broad impact of eroding risk appetite, several franchise businesses performed well including investment banking, prime brokerage, cash equity trading and commodities. We continue to broaden our footprint and build on our competitive strength and capabilities. Our increased client focus is gaining traction through the reinvigorated senior relationship management effort as well as our focused and coordinated sales coverage. On May 1st, we closed on our joint venture operations with MUFG and are now running combined Japanese securities businesses. We have already seen tractions from our partnership. Last week for example, Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation hired us to advice on a $3.2 billion purchase of Dimension Data, the biggest deal so far for the joint venture. In Global Wealth Management, we continue to integrate Smith Barney and made progress against the very detailed plan with the backdrop of a weak retail investor market. Retail investors have been risk averse in the current environment with high volatility and lot of returns in the equity markets. We believe this will continue in the immediate term. We expect margins to remain subdued through the year, and while we maintain our long-term pretax margin target of over 20%, the exact timing will obviously reflect market conditions. In Asset Management, the sale of our retail asset management business to Invesco closed on June 1st. Greg Fleming is building a long-term plan for this business and has made key senior highs to his management team this quarter. Obviously we would take into account the implications of the bulk rule as we move forward. We are investing our control, risk and finance functions as we build our infrastructure consistent with our desire to be a world-class financial holding company. While we have made progress this quarter, we still have significant work to do to achieve our long-term goals. In the short term however, earnings are likely to be choppy given the market environment. Finally, with the recent hiring of Frank Barron as our new Chief Legal Officer who starts later this summer, the new senior leadership team is in place and collectively focused on disciplined execution against those stated goals. Now, I am going to turn it over to Ruth to review our second quarter results. Ruth?
Ruth Porat: Thank you James. For the quarter ended June 30th, Morgan Stanley generated income from continuing operations of $1.4 billion, with diluted earnings per share of $0.80 and an ROE of 12.2%. Our results this quarter reflect the global breadth of our franchise, early progress with our sales force sales as well as the benefit of strategic initiatives against the backdrop of very difficult markets as James noted. In addition, results reflected the impact from the widening of credit spreads on firm-issued structured notes commonly referred to as DVA as well as one discrete tax benefit. Specifically, our second quarter revenues were $8 billion, down 12% sequentially. The impact from DVA was roughly $750 million or $0.27 per share. Our non-interest expenses were $6.3 billion, down 4% from last quarter on lower compensation and the compensation ratio was 49%. Compensation expense included a charge of $361 million related to the UK government’s payroll tax on 2009 discretionary bonuses. Non-compensation expenses were $2.4 billion, up 11% from last quarter primarily due to higher legal costs and technology investment spend. The impact of the tax benefit was $345 million or $0.20 per share, reflecting the re-measurement of tax reserve based on the status of federal and state examination. Excluding the benefit, the effective tax rate would have been 33.5%. Including discontinued operations, our diluted EPS was $1.09 and ROE was 17.4%. Discontinued operations included an after-tax gain of $514 million related to the sale of substantially all of our retail asset management business including Van Kampen. Turning to our book value on page three of the supplement, book value at the end of the quarter was $29.65 per share, up 7% sequentially. This increase in addition to earnings included $0.51 per share related to an after-tax gain of approximately $717 million on the sale of the firm’s non-controlling interest in its Japanese institutional securities business recorded in other comprehensive income. Turning to balance sheet data on the same page, total assets were $809 billion at June 30th, slightly lower than the $820 billion at March 31. Our capital ratio continued to demonstrate the strength of our balance sheet. Although our calculations are not final, we believe our Tier 1 capital ratio under Basel I will be 16.4% and our Tier 1 common ratio will be 9.2%. In addition, as noted in the 8-K we filed this morning, we will be directly redeeming rather than remarketing the trust preferred securities underlying the mandatory convertible equity units with CIC. This will add $5.6 billion to Tier 1 common in August. I will now briefly review our business units. For institutional securities, revenues were $4.5 billion, down from the first quarter on difficult markets across sales and trading businesses, while investment banking industry volumes remained subdued. Revenues included approximately $750 million of positive DVA as mentioned earlier. Non-interest expenses were $2.9 billion in the quarter, down 11% sequentially on slower compensation. Excluding DVA, the compensation ratio was 43.6%, up from the first quarter and included a charge of $354 million for the UK bonus tax. The business reported a pretax profit of $1.6 billion. With respect to investment banking, revenues were $885 million, essentially unchanged from last quarter. For the first half of 2010, Morgan Stanley ranked first in global IPOs, second in announced and completed global M&A and third in global equity. Advisory revenues of $288 million decreased 12% from last quarter. We were the advisor for four of the top five M&A transactions announced in the quarter, which highlights the global breadth of our franchise. These included, in the US, a $22 billion acquisition of Qwest Communications by CenturyLink; in the UK, the $13.7 billion buyout of BSkyB by News Corp; and in Russia, we were the sole advisor to (inaudible) and it’s a $11 billion restructuring of its subsidiary holdings. Equity underwriting revenues were $269 million, up slightly from last quarter. Significant transactions included National Grid’s $5 billion rights offering and Samsung’s Life Insurance $4.4 billion IPO. Fixed income underwriting revenues increased 11% sequentially to $328 million on significantly higher loan syndication fees. Overall, our investment banking pipelines remain healthy across regions and products, but the issue is moving transactions through the pipeline and into announcement especially for M&A. We are more positive about expected IPO activity in the back half of the year, with large offerings from Asia and the US and we are the book runner on seven of the 10 largest IPOs in the US file backlog. Turning to equity sales and trading, equity sales and trading reported solid revenues of $1.4 billion that included DVA gains of $129 million. Cash equity revenue grew up from the first quarter, reflecting both commissions and trading revenue. Prime brokerage revenues were also higher as we continue to deepen relationships with our existing clients while selectively increasing our client base. Average client balances continue to grow, up 5% sequentially. Derivatives reported modestly lower but solid revenues against a backdrop of market uncertainty with particular strength in the flow business. Fixed income sales and trading revenues of $2.3 billion included DVA gains of $602 million. During the quarter, we continued to execute on improving distribution and footprint within interest rates, FX, and emerging markets. Within our Interest Rate, Credit & Currency business, IRCC, revenues were affected by challenging trading conditions in May and June and declined significantly from the first quarter. Rates in credit were adversely affected by the difficult trading environment characterized by the absence of clear trends while FX revenues were higher on increased client flow. In commodities, despite range bound but choppy market conditions, revenues improved from the first quarter on an increased and structured transactions. Other sales and trading revenues of negative $101 million were primarily driven by Value-at-Risk losses in our corporate lending business as credit spreads widened across various sectors. Net mark-to-market losses in the quarter were approximately $277 million. Turning to Value-at-Risk on pages three and six of the supplements, total average trading and non-trading VaR decreased to $164 million from $169 million in the first quarter. Average trading VaR decreased to $139 million from $143 million, primarily driven by reduced risk in emerging markets foreign exchange exposure. Average non-trading VaR increased to $67 million from $62 million, primarily driven by the inclusion of our investment in Invesco. With respect to our Global Wealth Management business summarized on page 8 of the supplement, revenues of $3.1 billion were essentially flat from last quarter due to the impact of declining equity markets and as retail investors became increasingly cautious given macroeconomic concerns especially post the Flash Crash in early May. Non-interest expenses were 2.9 billion and included approximately 106 million in integration costs. Excluding integration costs, expenses were relatively flat from last quarter. The compensation ratio was 64%, driven by the formulaic [ph] grid payout, and profit before tax was 207 million for a PBT margin of 7%. On page nine of the supplement, you can see the quarterly productivity measures for the business. Total client assets decreased 6% sequentially to 1.5 trillion on market depreciation and asset outflows. The disclosure around retail asset flows has been expanded this quarter to include the international businesses and exclude certain legacy Smith Barney middle-market activities. Total retail net new assets both US and non-US were negative 5.5 billion, reflecting the quarter's market volatility compounded by April tax payments. The number of FAs remain relatively unchanged at 18,087, and turnover within our top two quintiles remained at historical lows. Deposits in our bank deposit programs were 110 billion, of which 52 billion is held by Morgan Stanley Bank. The bank deposit program represents the majority of the 61 billion in firm-wide deposits at quarter-end across Global Wealth Management and Institutional Securities. Now turning to Asset Management on page 10 of our supplement. Net revenues were 410 million, down 37% from the first quarter. Core asset management generated revenues of 300 million, down 28% sequentially, due to negative marks on seed investments and lower performance fees. Merchant Banking revenues of 110 million declined almost entirely due to the absence of principle investment gains from consolidated NASRA funds in the first quarter. Non-interest expenses for Asset Management were up 3% from last quarter on higher compensation expenses that included certain international tax equalization payments. Excluding non-controlling interests, the segment's pretax loss attributable to Morgan Stanley was 83 million. As summarized on page 11 of the supplement, total AUM decreased 4% to 251 billion, primarily due to the market impact on the equities. Net asset flows were 1.2 billion during the quarter, and nearly 70% of our equity and fixed income strategies continued to outperform their respective benchmarks on a three, five and 10-year basis. Finally, regarding our outlook; the global economic environment continues to be our key concern. The second quarter was one of volatility without direction, driven by a broad set of economic, political and seemingly random events shaking investor confidence. As you know, these included the European sovereign debt crisis, US regulatory reform, global growth concerns, and finally, the flash crash. Although the economy remains fragile, we believe fears of a double-dip recession are overstated, and that belief is based in part on the constant dialogue we are having with our global corporate clients. With liquidity levels high and valuations depressed across markets, an absence of further negative events should pave the way for a return to more historically normal client activity. However, we are not expecting a rapid rebound in client volumes or equity market pricing because of the time it will take to restore confidence across the board and particularly with individual investors. Nevertheless, we remain cautiously optimistic because we are using this time to build our pipelines and strengthen relationships, thereby continuing to increase market share. On the regulatory front, we have been of the view that resolving regulatory reform is critical to restoring confidence and stability to the markets and are pleased that the bill was passed and will be signed by the President. As James said at the outset, we are focused on execution and believe we are well positioned for the challenges and the opportunities ahead. Thank you and now we will take your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). And the first question will come from Guy Moszkowski with Bank of America.
Ruth Porat: Good morning, Guy.
Guy Moszkowski: Good morning. You talked about the reg reform and I was hoping that maybe you could give us a sense of what you are – for what you are seeing as the major areas of impact for Morgan Stanley, and what might be some of the key adjustments that you are looking at to your cost structure, to business models, to how you use capital based on what we know so far?
Ruth Porat: Certainly. I think the main point is that we are pleased that the bill is being signed because we are of the belief that clarity should help restore confidence in the market, and this is an important bill, an important step forward. And there is obviously a lot to be done as regulators engage in the studies and rulemakings. You know, specifically to your question, I think the two provisions that are most relevant for Morgan Stanley are derivatives and the Volcker Rule. On the Volcker provision, there is clearly a reasonable timeline for phase-in, four to 12 years. And our approach is to take that time and have a very thoughtful, measured approach to the portfolio. Similarly on derivatives, there is still a lot to be determined. I think the early read for us is that elements of the proposed reform should be positive. First, we don't have derivatives in our bank, as I think you know, so we should be able to move certain derivatives such as rates, FX and risk management into the – the risk management swaps into the bank. And then second, with the move to a more central clearing, I think the most important issue for clients will be they will be getting greater transparency and liquidity, which is a positive. As we're looking at the clearinghouse and the implications, the credit of the clearinghouse clearly is important, the cost of which will be borne by the industry and although that cost is still unclear, it is important because that is where the clients will be focused. But for us, I think the benefit is there will be heightened premium on client service, the quality of research and coverage, which should benefit us. So I think it is a pretty high level to go into detail on. More than that, it is early days, and we are being deliberate in our approach.
Guy Moszkowski: Yeah, fair enough, thanks. And now just if I can ask you a couple of questions more about the financials that you have presented. With respect to the institutional business, the compensation to revenue if – ratio, if we back out the UK tax and the DVA from the numerator and the denominator, was around 34%, and it was down from about 41 in the first quarter. What should we be thinking about as we model the rest of the year?
Ruth Porat: I think two things. First, the firm-wide charge was 361 million. And as we had previously indicated, it was substantially borne by employees globally. As we look forward, to answer your question about accrual for the year, it is difficult to forecast and would depend on a number of factors, including financial performance, the competitive market environment, and regulatory oversight. So I think first quarter it was around the 41% range, and I think you can look at the first half.
Guy Moszkowski: So kind of average the first half ex the special effects and maybe think about that as a run-rate? Would that be a reasonable approach, or would that be underestimating the expense?
Ruth Porat: Yeah, no, I think that is fair again with the proviso that we are always subject to the market environment regulatory issues, but that is a fair approach.
Guy Moszkowski: And then just on the other expenses, the non-personnel expenses, those seem to ratchet up quite a bit. It certainly seems like given a big chunk of that is in professional services. It is probably legal. But is that sort of one-time costs of review given the need to review business practices and the like, or should we be thinking that those higher levels of non-personnel expenses might persist for a while?
Ruth Porat: I think there are really three components to it. You have touched on one of them, which is legal. We also, as I think James noted, have – are investing in IT to ensure that we have the proper infrastructure and analytical tools. And then there is also, there tends to be, as we've looked over the last several years, a little bit of a seasonal pattern. The second quarter is typically higher than the first quarter. But we continue to be very focused on expenses and trying to make sure that we are being disciplined in holding expenses as best we can.
Guy Moszkowski: So in terms of the legal component, should we think that it kind of persists, or does some of that abate?
Ruth Porat: You know, I think that broadly unfortunately I think the environment in which we are all operating industry-wide is one in which legal costs will likely be higher than over the most recent cycle. But that is more of a sense from [ph] what we are seeing broadly than trying to provide any level of certainty, but it seems to be – yeah, seems reasonable.
Guy Moszkowski: I think it is fair enough. And then final question I will ask you is just on asset management. It is still losing money. The outflow is abated, but we are still seeing them across the sort of core long-term product categories. Greg Fleming has been in place for I guess a couple of quarters now. I was just wondering whether you have some direction that you can give us in terms of how the strategy might be adjusted?
Ruth Porat: He has only been in place a couple of months, and he’s doing a thorough review of the asset management business and is going to be articulating his strategy for the business, for the Board. But the objectives remain the same and very straightforward delivering superior performance for our clients, returning the business to strong and consistent profitability and reigniting a best-in-class investment culture. Looking at the expense structure to ensure that we are able to deliver profitability is a key element of the overall analysis.
James Gorman: Hi, it’s James, just to add to that. As you know, we laid out at a couple of investor meetings a long-term strategy for investment management. The first piece was the combination of our various funds businesses which we did, the second was to exit the retail space which we have done, the third is the buildout of the institutional and money market funds business, which Greg is actively working on and a number of the highs he has made it in the last four weeks is support of that. The fourth is to look at the structure associated with the various hedge fund stakes that we have and the fifth is to calibrate the amount of capital we want to put into our merchant banking activities, which we are doing overtime. So, there is a lot more news to come from Greg on that.
Guy Moszkowski: Great, thanks. We will be looking forward to it. Appreciate it.
Ruth Porat: Thanks.
Operator: The next question will be from Howard Chen with Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen: Good morning.
Ruth Porat: Good morning.
Howard Chen: I was just hoping if you could give us a broader update on the institutional buildout, how many of those 400 plus hands on deck you hired are now in place and producing in your minds, and what’s sort of the hiring outlook from here?
Ruth Porat: Most of what was articulated last year, we have been executing upon, we are going to continue to add selectively where it makes sense, there are quite a number of people who want to be on this platform, and we are always pleased to add great talents. So, I think the key element is we brought the men at sales of trading, it’s around the globe, integrating them. We have seen some success I think reflected in the market share, improvement this past quarter, and it is very much integrating the new people who are coming in with the strength of the teams that we have and with Colm Kelleher and Paul Taubman’s leadership, what we are really focused on is disciplined execution marrying the new people along with our broad team of – into programs like our senior relationship management program, which we have talked about overtime, which enables us to deliver more of the firm globally and across products to our clients that’s certainly a combination of the new people with the existing team with the management disciplines that I think you are seeing reflected in some of the market share gains.
Howard Chen: Okay, thanks. That’s helpful. And then, you should think here it is capital, you have said in the past the unallocated capital is just that, you know, rather than excess capital. I guess with that being said, your capital are strong, the composition will improve with the CIC conversion this quarter, does anything change in your view on how you think about that unallocated capital as potentially excess capital?
Ruth Porat: We call it unallocated capital and now we are calling it parent capital because our view very much has been that the regulatory environment will continue to evolve, Basel 2.5 obviously coming in, and now we have a date of end of 2011 and then Basel 3 at some point thereafter and the assumption has been that we will continue to build capital that will be allocated to the businesses as we have greater clarity coming out from Basel. And so, that’s one important element that we continue to view capital and the fact that we do have this excess unallocated parent, whatever you want to call it, is providing the base to elegantly move into Basel 2.5 and then beyond. And so, as we are thinking about various capital management opportunities, dividends, share repurchase etcetera, at this point, I still would say it’s premature, we want to see ongoing progress in the earnings, we want to see a more durable economic recovery, but do take your point that we have built out that capital base.
Howard Chen: Okay, thanks, makes sense. And then, Ruth, just quick one on the numbers, I know, I realize you consider this part of the core trading revenues, but hoping you could provide us with the impact of CVA this quarter?
Ruth Porat: CVA will be, that will be detailed out in the Q.
Howard Chen: Okay, great. And then final one, I think James alluded to it last quarter, but just what’s the state of the CICC stake cell?
Ruth Porat: We don’t comment on live transactions or situations, and we will give everyone the update as soon as we can.
Howard Chen: Okay, thanks so much.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Mike Carrier with Deutsche Bank.
Mike Carrier: Thanks. Hi Ruth, just on the trading, you gave some pretty good color on the breakdown across the different products, both equities and fixed income. Just that the equity number really stands out, I think relative to peers this quarter, so anything from a market share gain that you can point to, anything whether it’s US, Europe or Asia? And then, I guess on the fixed income side, you kind of, I think that was more in line, but anything from a client versus product progress that you are seeing?
Ruth Porat: So, on the equity side, we do think that we had market share gains in cash equities, we are pleased with a lot of the client activity on the derivatives side, and as I noted, on prime brokerage, we were similarly – view that the results reflected ongoing progress that was going deeper with existing clients and selectively broadening out our client base as we said, but from the level of activity that we have been seeing and that is globally, it really does go I think to the strategy that we have delineated, we would also say we still think it is early days.
James Gorman: I would just add that in the last several months as John Mack believe, myself and other senior management have been travelling around the world, we have consistently heard or refrained from clients that they would like to do more business with Morgan Stanley, and I think what you see in some of the results, it’s the support that we are getting from the clients and the strength of the brand of the franchise. Obviously a lot more to be done, but the (inaudible) has been supported so far.
Mike Carrier: Okay. And then maybe another one for you James, just on the wealth management business, you kind of headed towards in terms of, you know, obviously retail environment pretty challenging across the Board. When you guys detail the longer-term goals in terms of the pretax margins, can you give us a sense, you know, I think like the end of this year, beginning of next year, the integration going on and converting like three platforms to one wealth management, just how much of the margin improvement can be related to what management could control versus what’s going to be more markets flows interest rates going forward?
James Gorman: Well, a couple of things. Firstly, obviously you can’t control the markets. If assets got priced by say at the end of each quarter and your fee revenues are based on asset prices, the interest rate spreads are what they are given where interest rates are at this point in the cycle. So, actually flows, client flows probably have the least impact on the numbers. What has the most impact are asset prices interest rate numbers and secondary activity driven by primary activity, so there is a new issue calendar. What I am focused on and what the team is focused on is making sure that we get the steps from the integration done, which we are doing, let the sales force remain stable throughout that which it is, and that the clients see a continuous improvement in the quality of service and offering that they are getting from Morgan Stanley, which I believe they are and will increasingly do overtime. So, well, we are controlling, I think the team is doing very good job controlling. What we can’t control, we wish the world was better, the retail investment will not disappear forever, that I am pretty sure, I have been doing this for a long time, and our team is very focused on providing you innovative products and to the buildout of the banking strategy led by CC sub [ph].
Mike Carrier: Okay, thanks a lot.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Ruth Porat: Good morning Mike.
Mike Mayo: On the wealth management, it seems like your target for profit margins in net new assets could be at risk for this year and next year given $5 billion [ph] at close this quarter client assets down, you got a core margin at 10% versus your target of 15%, and then the FAs went down and noticed FAs went up with some of your peers. So, what’s an update on the strategic plan and the execution of that in wealth management?
Ruth Porat: I think as James said at the outset, it is very much market-dependent. We did see post Flash Crash retail setback from the market. I was actually striking as you ended the first quarter, we ended the first quarter going into the first half of the second quarter notwithstanding the political and economic turmoil broadly, we still saw strength in retail and it really started to change post Flash Crash, it’s going to take time to come back. And so, I think it is fair to assume that some of those targets get pushed out, it’s very much market-dependent. To James point that we can only control, we can control, we are continuing to execute on the integration and invest in the integration, but it will take some time and it’s market-dependent.
James Gorman: Yes, I just had two quick things. The FA numbers were actually remarkably stable (inaudible), and I think they were plus or minus, I don’t even know the exact number, but we have got it in the supplement, plus or minus less than 100. So, it’s remarkably stable. The plus, clearly you want to have positive plus and driving the business organically will get that. The impact of, I wouldn’t be overly concerned about the impact of the $5 billion that flows at about 80 basis points, so it’s probably $40 million per year in revenue or $10 million a quarter. So, that’s not very consequential, much more consequential is the market environment where assets are various and peers and where deposit spreads are.
Mike Mayo: And one separate question, just going back to the trading, how much of your performance which exceeded peer would be due to the buildout of the traders or good risk positioning or there are one or two areas you would really highlight?
Ruth Porat: I think when you listen to the breadth of areas that we highlighted from cash equities to prime brokerage, commodities, FX, it really an execution on both the sales and trading front, and a lot of it is continuing to drive the dialogs deep into the clients, delivering more to the clients. And so, there was no silver bullet, it was basically detailed execution which is I think what I need and we will continue to deliver. But the breadth of it does I think underscore that there was a lot of execution that people in the building we are doing commodities was, I noted, had more focus on some of the structured transactions, which their clients are looking for, and so again, a real mix of execution within aggregate helped us improve our market share.
Mike Mayo: And last follow-up, you said the second half of the quarter was weaker than the first, what have you seen so far this quarter and what do you expect in the trading area?
Ruth Porat: So far, this quarter has been quite muted. I think that’s pretty much across the board institutional and retail investors and it’s hard to forecast where it goes from here, but it has been quite muted.
Mike Mayo: All right, thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Roger Freeman with Barclays Capital.
Roger Freeman: Hi good morning.
Ruth Porat: Good morning.
Roger Freeman: Good morning. On the – just with respect to reg reform, kind of coming back to one of the earlier question I think hovered around the hiring that you did last fall, sort of in anticipation of ramping up sort of risk deployment in the trading businesses, or capital deployment. As you now look at those sort of the legislation that I guess has been signed right now, it really from those sort of more agency, a more of an agency business model, which on a relative basis you have been more of, I guess does your thinking say last fall to now with respect to sort of that buildout change at all with this legislation or is it all consistent?
Ruth Porat: We would say it’s very consistent. I think our view is given power of this brand and the strength of this franchise globally, we were understaffed for the opportunity in sales and trading and the strategic real focus has been on delivering the firm more broadly to our clients. It’s all about client facing activity and it’s about that around the globe. And so, what we really need in order to be able to deliver the firm is the breadth of the team. It’s not in any way a modification of what we are talking about in the fall, but highly consistent with the way we have been looking to increase our market share and in particular you see it in a number of the comments in our flow business that our clients engaging more robustly with us and therefore when we look at what even is a more tepid environment, I think what’s flown through is the ongoing strength of the client relationship, the client activity delivering for the client, enabling us to deliver some results.
Roger Freeman: Okay, now that’s helpful. And one other question is on reform, I mean, I know it’s sort of early days, but as you sort of think about your structure and with most of your derivatives, your swaps business being inside the broker dealer, I mean, is it fair to say that’s where most of your capital is well, right? So, if you think about losing any sort of guarantee from the parent company, you would look at your positioning as a counterparty to be quite solid, all right?
Ruth Porat: There are lot of prongs to your question.
Roger Freeman: Yes, I know.
Ruth Porat: I think the – it’s complicated in particular as it relates to where derivatives is going to go, and part of the difficulty in answering the question is in particular on derivatives, much of the cost in rule making still will be flushed out. I think with respect to derivatives not in the bank or in the bank, I did note that upfront, we do think that’s an opportunity to move certain of the derivatives into the bank and the rating and funding advantage that, that brings. But it’s still work in progress.
Roger Freeman: Yes, that was an interesting comment. You actually, for example, I guess like FX was probably in a broker dealer not in a bank, I mean, did you actually have to move it up into the bank, or is that a choice to me?
Ruth Porat: That’s very much a choice, and I am glad you actually asked it that way, because it’s one that we are going to take the time to assess what makes the best sense for our clients and for all, but we have the flexibility, we have the opportunity, and I think it creates an opportunity to the extent it makes sense, it’s more efficient, etcetera, we can move it, others will be needing to move certain things out of their banks.
Roger Freeman: Okay, great. And then just on the wealth management business, one question there, just quickly, the outflow, I know they are very small, but I guess if you kind of look at across the industry, it seems that flows were positive, it looks like the middle flows are positive, and swaps are positive, you know, what sort of those outflow is any sort of asset class that it came out of it and where it wouldn’t have just sort of moved into other products within your platform. And then the second part of that is on the advisor front, again that may just be sort of kind of coming anecdotally, but it seems like there’s been a lot more press releases of firms announcing hires of teams from other firms, both you and others, and I don’t know if that’s the timing thing because of when they run out, but is there any pickup in sort of competitive hiring? I know your stats say know, but –
Ruth Porat: So, on the outflows, I think when we look at the data, it does seem we have been seeing quite a bit of anecdotal industry-wide data about outflows, but I will comment specifically on ours that we have had outflows. We expect some of it due to the April 15th tax season and it certainly seems to be exacerbated as I said in particular post Flash Crash. With respect to hiring of teams, not really seeing much more activity on that front, I mean, there is some movement as there always is, but clearly not much.
Roger Freeman: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question will be from Mark Lane with William Blair & Company.
Ruth Porat: Hi Mark.
Mark Lane: Good morning. I just wanted to follow up more specifically on some of the integration targets within global wealth management. When you announced the deal, when you closed it, you laid out this very specific target of achieving $1.1 billion of cost savings within the first 18 months following the close. So, can you give us a little bit more specific update on where you are in achieving that specific target, because it’s hard to see if you are really achieving much when you just look at the numbers?
Ruth Porat: The targets and the analytics around the cost etcetera remained unchanged. They were still expecting the cost of $1.1 billion by the end of integration, and the other metrics that we shared with you about the number of FAs ranging between 17,500, 18 plus, PBT margin at steady state 20% is still there. I think the complexity is that the market has been quite challenging, and when we look at the retail reaction this quarter to market events, it’s quite pronounced. And so, we are pushing out the target and the guidance that it is very much market dependent because we will need to see a couple of quarters of stability we think before we see retail investors returning in a meaningful way, and therefore pushing it out until we can start providing some confidence around that stability.
Mark Lane: But at least that one specific target, the $1.1 billion, and that target is done at the end of this year, I mean you have that pretty good idea where you are relative to that target. I mean, is a recognition pro rata over the past 12 to 18 months or are you still expecting a lot disproportionate amount in the second half or any insight there?
Ruth Porat: The full-year 2010 spend on integration we think will be in the range of guidance provided earlier this year, $450 million to $500 million. We are expecting $450 million to $500 million this year, and the total cost synergies will be, cost will be about $1.1 billion when we finish integration. It is extending the time and completing the integration that is really at issue here.
Mark Lane: So, that’s not a valid target here, that’s what you are saying?
Ruth Porat: The $1.1 billion, it remains a valid target. The question is the timing. And so, this year $450 million to $500 million and then beyond.
Mark Lane: Okay, thanks.
Operator: The final question will come from James Mitchell with Buckingham Research.
Ruth Porat: Good morning.
James Mitchell: Hi. Most of my questions have been asked and answered, but maybe just a quick follow-up on the merchant banking business. With the changes going on in the Volcker Rule, do you still see that as a sort of a core business in your asset management business, or do you envision sort of shrinking that overtime and obviously your investments in the products will shrink, but you still see that as a core product going forward?
James Gorman: It’s James here, Jim. Yes, the short answer is it is a core business for us. Merchant banking includes everything from a nation private equity business to global fund to a real estate investing special situations, our infrastructure funds, mezzanine debt funds, it’s very broad group of businesses. Obviously in view of the Volcker Rule, we would be looking at the percent of capital we have put into those businesses, and within each of the separate pieces of them, but frankly what is driving I think around this is less about the regulatory reform and more about what we need to do as a firm and which parts of the business we really think we can excel in. So, it’s more of a strategic view. Obviously we will comply with whatever the ultimate rule-making is around the percentage capital we can put into.
James Mitchell: Right. But with less getting the gain, do you guys worry from a competitive standpoint that say the real estate business, it might be tough to attract funds, or do you think that because some of your major competitors are in similar footing, not all, but some that’s manageable.
James Gorman: Firstly, I think all the institutions that are bank holding companies will be under the same regulations and secondly, I think it’s way too premature to predict whether you can attract funds or not. My experience is being if you have good performance, you attract funds.
James Mitchell: Right. Okay, thanks. Fair enough.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the conference call for today. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Morgan Stanley conference call. The following is a live broadcast by Morgan Stanley and is provided as a courtesy. Please note that this call is being broadcast on the Internet through the company's website at www.morganstanley.com. A replay of the call and webcast will be available through the company's website and by phone for a period of seven days. This presentation may contain forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date on which they are made which reflect management's current estimates, projections, expectations or beliefs and which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. For a discussion of additional risk and uncertainties that may affect the future results of Morgan Stanley, please see Morgan Stanley's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2009 annual report on Form 10-K and Morgan Stanley's current reports on Form 8-K. The presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in Morgan Stanley's annual report on Form 10-K and Morgan Stanley's current reports on Form 8-K which are available on Morgan Stanley's website, www.morganstanley.com. Any recording, rebroadcast or other use of this presentation in whole or in part without the prior written consent of Morgan Stanley is strictly prohibited. This presentation is copyrighted and proprietary to Morgan Stanley. At this time, I would like to turn the program over to Ruth Porat for today's call.
James Gorman: Good morning. This is James Gorman. I am here with Ruth Porat and I want to wish her good morning and thank you all for joining us. This first quarter of 2010 marked a period of stability and progress for Morgan Stanley. We saw improvement in revenue, net income, earnings per share and ROE. In addition, across the firm, we saw improved performance in each of our three major business lines, all of which Ruth will address shortly. We resolved two legacy issues that are reflected within discontinued operations. Specifically, we settled our litigation with Discover for a gain and we chose to dispose of our investment in rebel resulting in a loss. Finally and most importantly, we took a number of steps strategically to strengthen our position for the coming quarters and years ahead. Let me touch on these briefly. In institutional securities, we completed the first stage of our global hiring plan in outside here. We'll continue to broaden our footprints for ongoing key hiring and talent retention. We are approaching our priority clients holistically through firm relationship management program. We're better organizing our people to deliver the entire firm more consistently to clients. In Global World Management, the integration of joint venture remains on track. We expect to achieve a pre-tax margin of greater than 20% by the end of 2011. In asset management, Greg Fleming joined us in February as President and has already made some key highs to rebuild the investment courtship. Greg is conducting a thorough review of each of our business lines in developing the segment strategy. The sale of our retail asset management business to Invesco remains on track to close mid 2010. Our strategic relationship with MUFG continues to gain strength. Together, we completed the largest non-investment grade commitment of the post-Lehman era to CF Industries. In March, we entered into a definitive agreement with MUFG to commence joint venture operations in Japan, effective May 1. The joint ownership structure creates an industry-leading institutional business and a large local retail brokerage network with significant global reach. Overall, the quarter demonstrates the disciplined execution invest strategy. However, while we've made clear progress, we still have much work to do to achieve our long-term goals. Now, I'll turn it over to Ruth to review our first quarter results. Thank you.
Ruth Porat: Thank you, James. Our first quarter revenues were $9.1 billion, up 33% from last quarter and was a generally stable operating environment, despite sovereign credit concerns. The impact from the widening of credit spreads on firm-issued structured notes was immaterial this quarter at roughly $50 million. Excluding the impact from both quarters, revenues increased roughly 20% sequentially. Our non-interest expenses were $6.6 billion, up 6% from last quarter. Our compensation ratio was 49%, down from last year's peak levels and consistent with our commitment to manage down this ratio. Our view of 2010 compensation levels took into consideration the anticipated U.K. bonus tax to be paid in the second quarter of this year. Non-compensation expenses were $2.1 billion, down 12% from last quarter, driven by seasonality and benefits of the cost saving initiative implemented in 2009. Income from continuing operations applicable to Morgan Stanley was $1.8 billion and diluted EPS from continuing operations was $1.03. Our results included a tax benefit of $382 million or $0.21 per share associated with prior year undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries that were determined to be indefinitely reinvested abroad. Excluding the benefit, the effective tax rate would have been 32.5%. ROE from continuing operations was 17.1% for the quarter or 13.1%, excluding the effect of the discrete tax benefit. Including discontinued operations, our EPS was $0.99 and our ROE was 16.3%. The three key items in discontinued operations were first, a $932 million loss on the planned disposition of Revel as shown on Page 12 of our supplement. Second, a $775 million gain related to the settlement of the Discover litigation and finally, the operating results of our retail asset management business, including Van Kampen. Turning to the balance sheet data on page three of the financial supplement, total asset increased from $771 billion at year end to $820 billion at March 31. The increase of $48 billion was primarily in more liquid asset classes, such as cash and cash equivalents, as well as U.S. government and agency securities. Our capital ratios continue to demonstrate the strength of our balance sheet and although not yet final, we believe our Tier 1 capital ratio under Basel I will be 15% and Tier 1 common ratio will be 8.2%. Let me now briefly review our business units. For institutional securities, revenues were $5.3 billion, up substantially from the fourth quarter on improved performance, sales and trading which was partially offset by weaker investment banking trends. Non-interest expenses were $3.3 billion in the first quarter, up 18% sequentially from higher compensation on higher revenue. The compensation ratio was 41%. Profit before tax was $2.1 billion and the PVT margin was 39% compared to 14% last quarter. With respect to investment banking, revenues were $887 million, down 40% sequentially. Morgan Stanley ranks second in completed M&A, fourth in a tight cluster for announced global M&A and third in global IPOs and global equity. Advisory revenues decreased 38% from last quarter, in line with lower levels of market activity. We advised on a number of transactions that closed in the quarter, including Kraft $21.4 billion acquisitions of Cadbury and Pepsi's $10.8 billion acquisition of Pepsi bottling. We were also the advisor for the three of the top five M&A transaction announced in the quarter, including two significant deals for the Federal Reserve. The $35.5 billion sale of AIG's AIA group to Prudential and the $15.5 billion sale of AIG's ALCO business to MetLife. Equity underwriting revenues were $264 million, down from a very strong fourth quarter, two of our IPOs this quarter, Athabasca Oil Sands and OSX Brasil demonstrate importance of emerging markets in the equity issuance calendar. Fixed income underwriting revenues decreased 8% sequentially, as strength in investment grade was more than offset by lower loan syndication revenue. Overall, our investment banking pipeline is strong across regions and products and up from the fourth quarter. Turning to equity sales and trading, revenues of $1.4 billion were up significantly from last quarter. Cash equity revenues were relatively flat from the fourth quarter on commissions from higher market levels and improved market share, despite lower industry volume. Derivatives revenues were up significantly from the fourth quarter on better trading results across all regions and prime brokerage revenues increased sequentially as average client balances continue to grow, up 8% sequentially. Fixed income sales and trading revenues were $2.7 billion, a substantial improvement from last quarter. We continue to focus on improving distribution and footprint within interest rates, FX and emerging markets. Within our interest rate credit and currencies business, IRCC, we reported strong revenues, up nearly 80% sequentially, with particular strength in Europe. Interest rates improved significantly from last quarter, despite tighter spreads, corporate credits once again delivered strong results with an increase in client activity across all regions. Commodities revenues improved from last quarter but were muted given the range bound market and lack of typical seasonal volatility. Turning to VaR on page three of the supplement, total average trading and non-trading value at risk decreased to $169 million from $187 million in the fourth quarter. Average trading VaR was $143 million in the first quarter, compared to $152 million in the fourth quarter on a recasted basis driven by reduced risk and interest rate and credit products. The recasted fourth quarter reflects the reclassification of counter party portfolio VaR from non-trading VaR to trading VaR. With respect to our global wealth management business summarized on page eight of the supplement, our revenues of 3.1 billion were relatively flat from last quarter, as retail investors remained on the sidelines and the interest rates environment continued to be low. Non-interest expenses were $2.8 billion and included approximately $100 million of integration costs. Excluding integration costs, expenses declined sequentially from the fourth quarter. The compensation ratio was 64%, driven by the formulate grid payout and down slightly from the 2009 full year ratio. We aim to drive the compensation ratio trends down over time as we generate higher off grid revenues gain economy to scale and as the retail environment improves. Profit before tax was $78 million and the PBT margin was 9%. On page nine of the supplement, you can see the quarterly productivity measures for the business. Total client assets increased 3% sequentially to $1.6 trillion on market appreciation and asset flow. Net new assets of $5.8 billion represented our first positive quarter since the JV closed. We still expect $20 billion of net new assets for the full year 2010. However, next quarter could be affected by tax seasonality. The number of FAs remained relatively unchanged at 18,140, which is within our long-term range of 17,500 to 18,500. And FA turnover within our top two quintile remained at historic low. Total firm-wide deposits at quarter end were $64 billion, deposits in our bank deposit program increased to $114 billion, of which $56 billion is held by Morgan Stanley banks. Now, turning to asset management on page 10 of our supplement, net revenues were $653 million, up 28% from the fourth quarter, driven primarily by $122 million of principal investment gains from two MSREF funds that we consolidated. Given the ownership structure of these funds, the majority of those gains are passed to the other owners in the non-controlling interest line. PBT was $173 million for a margin of 26%. Excluding the gains attributable to the non-controlling interest, the segment was profitable with PBT of $57 million for a margin of 11%. Our core asset management business generated net revenues of $414 million, up 16% sequentially on annual performance fees and higher asset management fee. The merchant banking component had net revenues of $239 million, up more than 50% from the fourth quarter, driven by principal investment gains, including the MSREF funds just mentioned. As summarized on page 11 of the supplement, total AUM was $262 billion, down 2% sequentially. This was driven by outflows of $6.8 billion, coming mostly from our money market funds driven by the low interest rate environment and seasonality of liquidity needs consistent with industry trends. While equity flows were negative this quarter, fixed income flows were positive for the third consecutive quarter on continued strong performance. Over 70% of our long only strategies outperformed their respective benchmarks on a three, five and 10-year basis. Turning to our firm-wide real estate investments on page 12 of the supplement, our balance sheet reflects investments in real estate of $1.2 billion at the end of the quarter, down from $2.2 billion at the end of December, reflecting the loss taken on the planned disposal of rebel. In addition, we have $1.3 billion of contractual commitments and other arrangements bringing our total exposure to $2.5 billion, down from $3.7 billion at the end of December. Finally, regarding our outlook, there are two key factors affecting our business. The global economy, it continues to heal and stabilize with positive data suggesting some durability to the recovery. Growth prospects remain strong for emerging markets in particular, and appear to be improving in developed markets. Economic recovery and emerging markets can be seen in terms of both profitability and activity. Further helping the recovery, we expect short-term rates to remain low for some time, as unemployment remains high and inflation expectations are benign. Overall, we view the signs of improvement positively, although sustained confidence is key for investors and corporates to reengage. We are certainly seeing this confidence in the build in our investment banking pipeline. Second, the regulatory agenda, we believe resolving regulatory reform is critical for our industry and the global capital markets. We welcome regulatory reform and hope to see bipartisan legislation pass as soon as possible. While we have more work to do, we are well positioned for the challenges and opportunities ahead. Thank you. And now, we will take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And the first question will come from Glenn Schorr of UBS.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, Ruth.
Ruth Porat: Good morning, Glenn.
Glenn Schorr: Good morning. And so, clearly a big pickup on absolute results and showing real progress, like you said. On a relative basis, my quick and very assessment is equities is very good and in line with most of the big guys, but it feels like there's a little slippage in banking and still work to do in FIC. A, do you agree with the comment on banking, especially on the equity underwriting side or is that just an issue of timing and your comment on pipelines? And then FIC, maybe just a little bit more on where you see further upside here in terms of your only part way through the build out?
Ruth Porat: With respect to investment banking, I think you summarized it well that it's really a function of timing and the calendar can end up being lumpy. I think we're seeing real strength in the investment banking pipeline, as I indicated and came off a strong fourth quarter. So we're feeling very good about the investment banking business across the board. With respect to FIC, revenues across all the fixed income products improved from the fourth quarter. Our view is that that contribution of the additional hiring will be measured over the coming quarters then it’s monthly quarter build as we’ve talked about in the past. So, there’ll be more to talk about that in the quarters to come.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. In the real estate page with Revel coming out, I think it sounds like $2.5 billion real estate between the exposure and the lending commitments?
Ruth Porat: Right.
Glenn Schorr: Anything you can help us with how lumpy, what left in there, how’s it marked, is it cost to coming versus mark-to-market, just anything in there that would be helpful?
Ruth Porat: Well, we don't talk about specific investments until, there's something material to talk about. But with the planned disposition of revel, all of the remaining substitutive items on that schedule are subject to mark-to-market and the marks are about $0.25 on the dollar.
Glenn Schorr: Good news. And then one of the – one of the potential rule changes that have been thrown out as Basel I rule would be no hedge fund ownership. You have a bunch of pieces and a few wholly owned?
Ruth Porat: Yeah.
Glenn Schorr: Is there, if you aggregated them all together, is there any stats that you can give us in terms of total capital allocated, total cost base of the group and how you're thinking about potential rule changes?
Ruth Porat: No. I think it's still too early. The rules are unclear. Hopefully, we'll get clarity sooner rather than later but at this point, I think it's premature.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. Last one, I don't know if you read the papers but there's a little talk about the CDO market lately. And just historically, Morgan Stanley was not a big underwriter, but I just, so to give you the idea of clear out. Does it mean anything, that you weren't – are there big investigation going on? Do you have any wells noise outstanding that we don't know about?
Ruth Porat: Glenn, fair question. As a long-standing matter of policy, we don't comment on regulatory matters, unless we've included their material. So I wanted to give you that upfront disclosure. But assuming that question might have come up and given the uniqueness of the events on Friday, I just want to confirm we have not received a wells notice in connection with our CDO business.
Glenn Schorr: Cool. All right. Thank you very much.
Ruth Porat: Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question will come from Guy Moszkowski of Banc of America.
Ruth Porat: Hi, Guy.
Guy Moszkowski: I noticed that your leverage increased again to about 16 times and your total assets rolled forward up about 6% from last quarter. I was wondering if you could update us on where you're targeting a leverage ratio and any change in your thinking there?
Ruth Porat: There has been no change in the thinking. We went up modestly from the fourth quarter 15.5 to 16 times, but we're very comfortable in that, that zip code and that's what we're managing to.
Guy Moszkowski: And I also noticed that although you did have a pretty significant increase in revenues in the institutional securities area and the assets did go up overall, as I pointed out. Your capital allocated to the institutional services business actually declined somewhat in the quarter. I mean, it's reported average, but it was down from 16.9 to I think $16.3 billion. Of course, you generated $800 million in profitability more or less in that business unit. I was a little surprised to see the allocation come down among the competitors we're actually seeing some of those allocations go up. So I was wondering if you could talk about your thinking behind that.
Ruth Porat: That came down some because of the stress loss component of calculating allocated capital to the various businesses.
Guy Moszkowski: Would we expect, though, that given that you – or should we expect that given that you have completed at least the first phase of pretty significant hiring program that you might be allocating more of that sort of unallocated parent capital back into the institutional securities business, or is that not really…
Ruth Porat: You've clearly focused on the right line, not surprisingly. The parent capital, as we've talked about in the past, our assumption is that over time that will be allocated to our businesses and that's a function of ongoing regulatory requirements and change, as we look at allocating that capital across the businesses. But that is the intent that parent capital, or that is the assumption that parent capital will be allocated and the assumption is disproportionately that will be going to support the institutional securities business.
Guy Moszkowski: Just as an aside, should we read anything into the fact that you stopped calling it unallocated or whatever you start again – you call it parent capital now?
Ruth Porat: It – it's at the parent level and I'm not – I don't think there's – it's at the parent level. We thought it most accurately kind of reflects our capital and – but it's fair to assume it will be allocated.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay. Fair enough. And then one more, looking at what you reported in the institutional securities unit disclosure, looked to me like it went up versus last quarter, but I thought I heard you say something about some, some transfer that made it go down. And I'm not sure I really followed that. Could I ask you to repeat that?
Ruth Porat: That was a little confusing, I agree. So as part of our conversion to a financial holding company, this is going from Basel I, SEC Basel I Fed – a number of our models were reviewed. And as part of that, we moved CVA into trading VAR and that's the noise in the trading – in the trading VAR number that you saw. And so on an apples-to-apples basis, the VAR number declined from 152 to 143.
Guy Moszkowski: Got it. And then – but if I look at disclosure in institutional where it went up about $10 million and there was actually about a $20 million increase in the rates and credit VAR, is that just basically a set of business decisions that were driving that value at risk up and which we actually saw reflected then in that improvement in revenue or am I misreading that?
Ruth Porat: I think the confusion is that the VAR numbers haven't been recasted yet, or the CBA move that I just described, so it will be harder to look – to read through those and we'll be breaking all of that out fully in the 10-Q.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then just one more quick question on Global Wealth Management. Those integration costs that you alluded to, which were about $100 million I think in the quarter.
Ruth Porat: Yes.
Guy Moszkowski: Were those all retained by Morgan Stanley this quarter, or was some of it shared with Citigroup this time?
Ruth Porat: It was – it was shared.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Ruth Porat: Thank you, Guy.
Operator: The next question will come from Mike Mayo of CLSA.
Mike Mayo: Good morning.
Ruth Porat: Good morning, Mike.
Mike Mayo: Can you just give a little more color on the backlog? Seems like you have a better backlog compared to last quarter than some others.
Ruth Porat: Well, as I think I noted broadening across sectors and across cost products and we're feeling good about the implication for how our clients are looking at moving forward.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And how much of your revenues are derivatives related or just more generally, what would the impact be of the new legislation be on your derivatives revenue?
Ruth Porat: Well, I guess two different things. We don't break out the derivatives revenue specifically, but overall, with respect to legislation, our view is that we do expect and look forward to seeing derivatives legislation. I think our view very much is that reporting clearing for derivatives would enhance the overall market and with respect to exchange trading on standardized products, we'll see. But I think the big question is with greater transparency reporting clearing, what does that do for the overall size of the market? So it's hard to estimate at this point, but I think the main point is we are looking forward to seeing that legislation done.
Mike Mayo: And then lastly, you're done with stage 1 of your hiring. How much does that contribute this quarter? When do you expect it to contribute? And how about for us on the outside, how will we be able to tell how that program's going?
Ruth Porat: I think we've been careful to say that it builds over time, so we're pleased to have brought the talent into the firm and integrating well and it will be a systematic build over time. I think, we are still focused on catalytic hires, as we're calling them, talent wants to come onto the platform where it makes sense to add. But it's going to be a steady build. We've talked about disciplined execution and with disciplined execution, means that it is a steady build.
Mike Mayo: All right. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Mike Carrier of Deutsche Bank.
Mike Carrier: Thanks, Ruth.
Ruth Porat: Hi, Mike.
Mike Carrier: One other question on the trading side. Yeah, I think in the quarter everyone benefits from some seasonality and you guys also had the benefit on the hire. So I guess maybe wording a different way, when you look at the level of revenues that you're generating, particularly on the fixed side, or the IRCC side, when you look at where you're at, where do you think the full potential is based on the investment that you made? And then just during the quarter, you gave the spread adjustments, but anything in terms of write-ups in the quarter that was significant?
Ruth Porat: Well, so with respect to the fixed income business, it's really a multi-pronged execution path. We have the hiring – Colm Kelleher and Paul Taubman announced recently a restructuring of the business to really more closely match the activities with our clients, so we're now organized into global macro and global credit. And very much focused on an overall firm relationship management program, as James mentioned. And so it's really the combination of those efforts which we believe will continue to drive the business. I'm not going to forecast out what it gets to over time, but again, it is the systematic build that we're focused on. And then you had a second question. I apologize. What was that?
Mike Carrier: I said was there any significant write-ups of assets in the – number this quarter?
Ruth Porat: Nothing significant with write-ups. We're seeing more liquidity overall. And that's a good thing.
Mike Carrier: Okay. And then on Page 2 you guys break out – Page 3, you break out the mix between the U.S. and the non-U.S. Just seemed like the non-U.S. up over 100%, U.S. up only when 10%. Was that based on just where the spread adjustments were last quarter?
Ruth Porat: Yeah. Exactly. The fourth quarter distorted the view due to DDA, which was primarily reflected in the Europe line. And so when you look at the regional revenues in the first quarter, I think you're seeing a more normalized geographic distribution of our revenues.
Mike Carrier: Okay. And then finally, just in wealth management, obviously seeing the inflows, a good shift versus the outflows that you guys have been experiencing over the past couple quarters. I guess, for the entire industry, the quarter was pretty sluggish when you look at average asset levels, mix shift and then just grading levels. When you look at the adjusted margin at around 11, 12% and the target being above 20% next year, is that mostly driven by like top line growth, or is there more to do on the expense side?
Ruth Porat: It's really both. I think this quarter, you noted our PVT margin went from 7.4 last quarter to 9% this quarter, although revenues were relatively flat. And that was due to a more muted retail environment. Not just the investor activity more muted, but also the flow-through from the investment banking activity with investment banking down. That does affect the wealth management business because there's obviously a relationship between the two, as we distribute products through wealth management, so more muted activity there which flows down into PBT. I think as we're looking at the business and looking out to the 2011 targets that James mentioned. It will be a combination of revenues, which, of course, is market dependent, as well as the integration effort and cost saving programs that we continue to execute upon.
Mike Carrier: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Roger Freeman of Barclays Capital.
Ruth Porat: Hi, Roger.
Roger Freeman: Hi. Good morning. Just coming back to the fixed income, platform broadly, so I heard you mention a few things that were sort of strong sequentially. Europe rates, then you mentioned I think corporate spread tightening and seasonal activity levels in corporate. Is that a fair characterization? And what would you rank – how would you rank those, what really drove the comparison?
Ruth Porat: I think we benefited from a strong market and strong execution. And so with respect to execution, it's the building block for the addition of people. There's – footprint is obviously an important part of the story. That's a multi-quarter story, as well as the team executing. And with respect to the businesses, we did have strength across the platform. You had mentioned rates and I wanted to make sure it was corporate credit as well that was important. I think you had made some other comments.
Roger Freeman: Yeah. I mentioned that, right.
Ruth Porat: Rates and corporate credit strong. And as I said, it's a multi-quarter build.
Roger Freeman: Okay. I guess I think one of the things – you also had mentioned corporate spread tightening, so I just was trying to get at the – sort of the positioning effect as well, because I assume you're saying that you generated revenues off of, spreads tightening over the quarter.
Ruth Porat: It was obviously a lower volatility market across asset classes. And it did offer. So I think what we were seeing is activity strong, notwithstanding the backdrop.
Roger Freeman: Got it. Okay. And then I guess on equities, the sequential increase, how much of that was driven by prime brokerage versus derivatives?
Ruth Porat: We don't actually break it out, although I think we stopped. Clearly, as I noted, strengthened both to add the client balances and prime brokerage continue to increase. And we're continuing to build the equity derivatives business. I think I'm being quite repetitive on the theme, which is a multi-quarter execution strategy. And we're seeing progress in both.
Roger Freeman: Got it. Okay. And then – I guess on the hiring that you did, so you hired some 350 people or so I think was the update at least the last call. Not sure if you had another number now, but when would you say the majority of those folks actually came on board? When you factor in – how many of them started this year during the first quarter?
Ruth Porat: I don't have the breakout. As you said, we've hired them over the period and carried some guarding lease, some not. staggered coming on and really the ramp up in particular, as you know with a client chasing business and trading business, it takes a period of time to really ramp up to kind of full throttle. A number of people, I think you've heard a lot of the names with Jack DiMaio coming in last year running RCC and Alex Ehrlich running prime brokerage, Luc Francois, our Global Co-Head of Equities and we can go down the list. That has really staggered through the year, this quarter rather adding on.
Roger Freeman: Got it. Okay. Last question on stock repurchases, you didn't repurchase any. Goldman seems to be the first one doing it and they got basically approval from the fed to do it. Your Tier 1 ratios are the same, but there's obviously a difference when it comes to Tier 1 commons. I guess, whatever your discussions been with the fed around, at least offsetting dilutions?
Ruth Porat: Yean. Our view is that the regulatory environment still remains unclear. We're expecting capital liquidity requirements to go up and we're planning for that. But until there's clarity with respect to capital levels, A and B, until we've delivered a number of quarters to profitability, we think it would be premature to talk about either share repurchase or dividends, so something on the horizon.
Roger Freeman: All right. So you have not solicited approvals to do that?
Ruth Porat: No.
Roger Freeman: Okay. All right, thanks.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The next question will be from Howard Chen of Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen: Hi. Good morning.
Ruth Porat: Good morning.
Howard Chen: One on compensation, Ruth, within institutional securities. How do you think about the accrual rate in overall dollar of comp accrual, given the hiring and the current competitive landscape? I know you mentioned in your comments the U.K. banker tax. And maybe you can help us split that out or how you are thinking about it.
Ruth Porat: Well, a couple of things on compensation, we did. We accrued at the rate of 41%. And in thinking about the accrual over the year, we took into consideration the U.K. bonus tax to be paid in the second quarter. And so, net-net, our comp ratio was down from 46% to 41% and ISG consistent with our comments that we would be looking to bring down our comp ratio. I think you know this, but just to be clear given our comp ratio for the firm as a whole – it consists of two parts that are quite different from most of our peers. It's important just to highlight that on the Smith Barney, Morgan Stanley, Smith Barney side, that comp ratio is higher at the 64% line. I mentioned it's stickier, there's a formulae grid payout. So those two, given they are quite different, should be considered in thinking about the overall comp ratio.
Howard Chen: Okay. Thanks. Just a follow-up on Revel and just kind of have to think about that from here I know. Post Crescent and post the conveyance that you saw in accounting write-up, is there a similar kind of time line for resolution for Revel?
Ruth Porat: We plan to dispose off Revel within a year, within the next 12 months. And not sure what else you would like me to comment on. We're in the early stages of that sale process, having just made determinations that it's appropriate to sell. So we've had preliminary discussions, but we will be looking to dispose over the year.
Howard Chen: Just to crystallize the question I guess, is it written to a level that if any positive sale would trigger a write-up?
Ruth Porat: Oh, yes. Yes.
Howard Chen: Okay. That was it. Great, thank you.
Operator: Okay. The next question will come from Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo.
Ruth Porat: Hello, Matt.
Matt Burnell: Good morning, Ruth. Just a broad question on overall liquidity, a number of your peers provide some general sense of liquidity and liquidity management. Could you speak to that for – as to where you sit today, relative to maybe, where you were three months ago?
Ruth Porat: The liquidity levels are at about the same level. I think it's around $155 billion. And we continue to manage it the same way, with the contingency funding plan, downside stress planning. We feel comfortable. And that detail obviously will be in the Q4 as well.
Matt Burnell: Sure. And then one question from the supplement, I guess I'm still looking for a little bit of information as to the negative net inflows from equities in the asset management business. Is that indicative of anything other than just lower appetite for that product?
Ruth Porat: That's the way we interpret it and offset by the stronger flows and fixed income.
Matt Burnell: Okay. And then one last question, in terms of your appetite for high yield loan commitments. The other outstanding amount has come down over the last few quarters. How should we think about that moving forward? And do you have sort of a broad level above which you would get uncomfortable, in terms of those commitments turning into actual outstandings?
Ruth Porat: I think consistent with the strength in our overall investment banking business. We look at the non-investment grade lending as a core part of that business. And so you'll continue to see us working with our clients as we did this quarter, as James indicated.
Matt Burnell: Okay. Thank you.
Ruth Porat: Thank you.
Operator: The final question will come from Jim Mitchell with Buckingham Research.
Ruth Porat: Hello, Jim.
Operator: Jim, your line is open.
Jim Mitchell: Can you hear me now?
Ruth Porat: Yes. Now I can hear you. Thank you.
Jim Mitchell: Hi, Ruth. Just maybe circling back to the market share gain issue and the potential, you guys – your balance sheet is about the same size or bigger than most your peers, yet your fixed income trading revenue is roughly about half. Is that how we should think about the opportunity set? Obviously it implies a much lower ROA. Or is there a mix issue that we should think about that maybe you can't quite get there? I'm just trying to think through what – how do you go from where you are now to getting similar returns on assets and ROE of your peers, because your balance sheet seems to already be there?
Ruth Porat: Right. And one of the reasons we started with the leadership team setting the strategy and very important, the hiring, as footprint is an important element of this. There is a velocity element that's key. And so our view is we've laid the foundation for growth. And Colm and Paul are intently focused on that, same time we'll be focused on expenses. So starts with revenue, but we're focused up and down the P&L. And that's – I'll let you forecast out what you think that might mean.
Jim Mitchell: Right. But you think it's really sort of the velocity aspect on the balance sheet rather than the size issue?
Ruth Porat: Yes.
Jim Mitchell: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-20 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Morgan Stanley conference call. The following is a live broadcast by Morgan Stanley and is provided as a courtesy. Please note that this call is being broadcast on the Internet through the company's website at www.MorganStanley.com. A replay of the call and webcast will be available through the company's website and by phone for a period of seven days. This presentation may contain forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date on which they are made, which reflect management's current estimates, projections, expectations or beliefs and which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. For a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of Morgan Stanley, please see Morgan Stanley's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2008, annual report on form 10-K, Morgan Stanley's 2009 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and Morgan Stanley's current reports on Form 8-K. The presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in Morgan Stanley's annual report on Form 10-K, Morgan Stanley's 2009 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and Morgan Stanley's 2009 current reports on Form 8-K which are available on Morgan Stanley's website, www.MorganStanley.com. Any recording, rebroadcast or other use of this presentation in whole or in part is strictly prohibited without prior written consent of Morgan Stanley. This presentation is copyrighted and proprietary to Morgan Stanley. At this time I would like to turn the program over to James Gorman for today's call.
James Gorman: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. I am delighted to be here. I wanted to join you for our first call under my watch as CEO.  I am here with Colm Kelleher and Ruth Porat and the rest of the team. Before we review our financial results I would like to do a couple of things. I will review our accomplishments and provide a brief outlook. Looking back, 2009 was a year of transition in which the firm achieved a number of milestones. We maintained a prudent balance sheet and held appropriate levels of capital and leverage while reducing our troubled exposures. We were among the first banks to repurchase TARP and the associated warrant. We raised $6.9 billion in common equity and sold our remaining interest MSCI enhancing our capital structure. We issued a total of $13 billion in unguaranteed senior unsecured debt including a fourth quarter 1.5 billion Euro raise which was our first non-US dollar unguaranteed issuance of 2009. We made significant progress on our global hiring plan which is on track. The new hires are primarily in our sales and trading businesses further building out our footprint and expanding our client franchise. We closed the Morgan Stanley Smith Barney joint venture earlier than expected creating the industry leader with more than 18,000 financial advisors and over $1.5 trillion in client assets. We made progress towards optimizing asset management. The sale of our retail asset management business to Invesco is on track to close mid-2010. This is an important accomplishment for asset management as we emphasize our core institutional strengths while establishing a stake in Invesco. We entered into a strategic outsourcing partnership with State Street for our loan only business which enables us to take advantage of their scale and ensures we will remain well positioned to deliver best in class service to our investment teams and to our clients. The assets and liabilities related to Crescent that were the subject of approximately $2 billion of remaining third-party financing with a single lender were conveyed to that lender in November. In addition we have a number of new funds that are well positioned to invest opportunistically. Turning next to our partnership with MUFG continues to gain strength. We announced an MOU to integrate our securities operation in Japan which is on track to be completed later this year. Morgan Stanley and Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi UFJ in partnership now lend to over 900 corporations, elevating us to the five lenders in the Americas. Together we committed on an aggregated basis $3.2 billion to NBC Universal, the largest amount by any bank and critical to Comcast acquiring control. Looking forward I believe 2010 will be a year of execution for Morgan Stanley. We have the best management team in place to execute the firm’s strategy to be number 1, 2 or 3 in all of our businesses. The team includes, as you know, Colm Kelleher and Paul Taubmann, Co-Presidents of Institutional Securities; Charlie Johnson as President of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney; Greg Flemming who is due to arrive here in early February as President of Morgan Stanley Investment Management; Wallid Chammah, Chairman and CEO of Morgan Stanley International. In addition Ruth Porat is joining us as CFO formerly from investment banking. Ken deRegt is Chief Risk Officer maintains that role. Tom Nides has become our Chief Operating Officer and Jim Rosenthal is the Chief Operating Officer of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney in addition to being Head of Corporate Strategy for the firm. Finally, Gary Lynch remains as General Counsel and Chief Legal Officer. I am very pleased to have elevated several key executives and it is important that Charles, Ken and Gary who have proven track records continued in their roles. Together this extremely seasoned team has on average approximately 25 years of experience in the industry. The group has complementary skills and has been tested through one of the most difficult times for our industry. I am bullish on Morgan Stanley as I believe we are well positioned to capitalize on the recovery in the global capital markets. Now I will turn it over to Colm, my colleague, but before I do so I want just publicly thank Colm for his contributions as our CFO in an extraordinarily difficult environment. I think he has done an extraordinary job. On that note, let me turn it over to you for the financial results. I will be available with Colm for any Q&A that might be pertinent at the end of this meeting.
Colm Kelleher: Thank you James. I am pleased to have my colleagues, Ruth Porat, here with me this morning. Ruth and I have been working closely together to ensure a smooth transition of the CFO function. Beginning with our consolidate results on page 2 in our financial supplement, for the quarter ended December 31 Morgan Stanley generated net income of $770 million and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.14. Negative revenue of approximately $600 million from the narrowing of the firm’s debt related credit spreads lowered earnings per share by approximately $0.27. Firm wide revenues were $6.8 billion and non-interest expenses were $6.2 billion for the quarter. The full-year compensation ratio excluding the negative impact from the improvement in Morgan Stanley’s debt related credit spreads was 50%. This ratio reflects the inclusion of seven months of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney which carries with it an industry standard higher ratio. We consider the impact of the U.K. bonus tax and 2009 compensation levels and since this legislation has not been finalized we see this largely as a 2010 event with probable timing being between the first and second quarter of this year. Having said that the cost of this tax will be shared significantly by employees globally. While non-compensation expense has increased 17% sequentially, full-year non-compensation expenses declined 10% from a year ago illustrating the success of our cost saving initiatives. We exceeded our annual cost savings target of $800 million by over 30%. Excluding expenses related to Smith Barney auction rate securities and goodwill impairment from both years our recurring non-compensation expense and savings totaled over $1.1 billion. The effective tax rate for the quarter was a benefit of 11% reflective of the geographic mix of earnings, domestic tax credits and the utilization of state net operation losses. Now if we turn to page three in the financial supplement. Total assets at December 31 increased slightly to $773 billion of which $163 billion is our liquidity pool. We continue to keep a significant portion of our balance sheet in cash and equivalents. Our capital ratios demonstrate the strength of our balance sheet. While we are still finalizing our calculations we believe under Basel 1 our Tier 1 ratio will be 15.4% and Tier 1 common ratio will be 8.2%. Risk weighted assets are expected to be approximately $301 billion at December 31. Level three assets were in the mid $40 billion range at December 31, representing approximately 6% of total assets. Now if we turn specifically to the businesses. Starting with institutional securities detailed on page five of the supplement, revenues of $3.2 billion included approximately $600 million negative impact from tightening credit spreads as discussed earlier. Non-interest expenses were $2.8 billion in the fourth quarter of 2009, down 25% from the third quarter on lower compensation. Excluding the negative impact of the improvements in Morgan Stanley’s debt related credit spreads, the compensation ratio in this business was 39% for the quarter and 40% for the year. This business reported a pre-tax profit of $464 million. Specifically turning to investment banking on page six, our franchise continued to deliver very strong performance for the quarter and the year despite volatile markets and economic uncertainty. We were number one in amounts of completed global M&A and we secured the top spot in both the Americas and Europe. In the quarter we led Comcast’s $14.4 billion joint venture with General Electric and for the year we advised in eight of the top 10 announced transactions, more than any other firm. We continue to act as a trusted advisor to the US and European governments and corporates with respect to important government sponsored reorganizations. The capital markets remain very active and were up from third quarter levels and we continue to see a broadening across products, industries and regions. We led significant deals in the quarter including the IPO of China [inaudible] Electric and various Analytics and Warner Chilcott’s $3.2 billion leverage financing to acquire P&G’s drug unit. Fourth quarter investment banking revenues of $1.5 billion were up 42% sequentially. Advisory revenues increased 90% up across all regions of completed M&A activity. While announced M&A volumes increased significantly in the fourth quarter of 2009 they do remain on par with 2004 levels. Equity underwriting revenues in the fourth quarter of 2009 were $627 million, our highest disclosed quarterly revenue. Activity was very strong across all regions with substantial increases in Asia and Europe. Fixed income underwriting revenues increased 7% from the third quarter on higher loan syndication fees and high yield bond activity. Turning to equity sales and trading. Equity sales and trading revenues of $722 million were negatively impacted by $221 million from the narrowing of debt related credit spreads on firm issued structured noted. Morgan Stanley was named the top prime broker for funds with more than $1 billion in assets by Institutional Investor for 2009. Prime brokerage continues to recapture market share reflected by a 10% increase this quarter in average client balances. However, a combination of seasonal and market factors including lower hedge fund activity resulted in lower revenues, down 20% sequentially. Derivatives reported lower revenues driven by lower activity in the second half of the quarter. Cash equity revenues were flat sequentially as higher commissions from increased client flow were offset by lower trading revenues. Turning to fixed income and other sales and trading. Fixed income and other sales and trading revenues of $963 million included losses of $380 million from the narrowing of credit spreads on firm issued structured notes. As mentioned earlier we are positioning this business for growth through our global hiring plan, integrated analytics and new management and this will take time. Interest rate credit and currency combined revenues were down significantly from last quarter. Revenues were lower across all products due to seasonality, lack of market volatility and tighter spreads. On a full year basis IRCC revenues rebounded from 2008 driven by a strong performance in interest rates and credit trading. Commodities revenues were lower from the third quarter of 2009 driven by range of prices and lower volatility. Other revenues of $277 million include spread tightening and valuation gains in our corporate lending business. Turning to value at risk. Total average trading and non-trading VAR increased to $187 million from $168 million primarily reflecting a modest increase in fixed income and equity trading. However, methodologies must be examined when comparing VAR measures across the industry as they are not standardized. Morgan Stanley uses a four-year market data series. Therefore our VAR has a tendency to maintain higher volatility assumptions with a modestly increasing trend under current market conditions. If you now turn to page eight in the supplement on our global wealth management business. This quarter marked the second full quarter of consolidated Morgan Stanley Smith Barney results. Revenues were up 4% sequentially to $3.1 billion on higher fee based revenues and were in line with the overall retail environment. Non-interest expenses were $2.9 billion and included $146 million of integration costs. Full year Morgan Stanley Smith Barney integration costs were $280 million. For 2010 we expect integration costs of approximately $450 million mostly relating to the rationalization of real estate and IT. Full year closing costs related to the joint venture were $221 million and mostly related to FA replacement awards. The business reported a pre-tax profit of $231 million and pre-tax margin of 7%. If we exclude the JV related integration costs in the quarter PVT would have been $377 million and PVT margin would have been 12%. On page nine you can see the core three productivity metrics for the business. Total client assets increased 2% to $1.6 trillion on higher market levels. The number of FAs remain relatively unchanged at 18,135. FA turnover within our top two quintiles remained at historic lows of under 1%. Attrition primarily within the lower quintiles has substantially declined since the closing of the joint venture. Net new asset outflows of $4.7 billion continue to reflect the lag effect of financial advisors that left Smith Barney prior to the JV closing. This magnitude of outflows has declined substantially and we expect this trend to continue. Total firm wide deposits at quarter end were $62 billion. Deposits in our bank deposit program increased to $112 billion of which $54 billion is held by Morgan Stanley banks. If you now turn to page 10 of the supplement on asset management. The financial results related to Crescent subsequent to the date of consolidation and the retail asset management business being sold to Invesco have been reclassified to discontinued operations in all periods presented. In the fourth quarter discontinued operations also included an accounting gain related to the present conveyance. The continuing operations of asset management recorded a pre-tax loss of $55 million as profits from the core business were more than offset by losses in merchant banking. This is the fourth consecutive profitable quarter for the core business. Core asset management revenues of $357 million declined 15% sequentially on lower net gains on alternative investments as well as performance fees which were partially offset by higher asset management fees. Merchant banking revenues of $153 million were up from the third quarter 2009 driven by gains on principle investments. Asset management non-interest expense of $565 million declined slightly from the third quarter of 2009 on lower compensation expenses. If you turn to page 11 of the supplement you can see the assets under management and asset flow data. This data has been restated and excludes assets that will be transferred to Invesco on the deal close. As such, total assets under management are $283 billion up 6% sequentially on asset inflows and continued positive momentum in the equity markets. Total net inflows were $10.3 billion and the core business generated positive flows for the first time since the second quarter of 2008. Inflows are mostly directed to money market funds. Fixed income flows were positive for the second consecutive quarter. Equity flows were slightly negative. However, we did see some significant mandate wins and performance continued to improve with 77% of equity strategies in the continued business performing above the Morning Star peer median for the three year time period. If you turn to page 14 of the financial supplement to look at our firm wide real estate exposures. Our real estate gross asset exposure as reflected on the Statement of Financial Condition was $2.2 billion at the end of the quarter, down from $4.4 billion at the end of September. Including $1.5 billion of contractual commitments and other arrangements with respect to our real estate investments, our total exposure will be $3.7 billion down from $6 billion at the end of September. This exposure excludes assets and investments for the benefit of certain deferred employee compensation of co-investment plans. Now finally a few words on the outlook. Global economic conditions are improving and the financial markets are healing. The global economy likely troughed in 2009 and is recovering. We expect short-term rates to remain low for the time being and expect a tightening of monetary conditions thereafter. Global equity markets are reasonably healthy and open across industries and geographies. Public credit markets are functioning normally although bank lending remains slow. Global M&A activity is improving as funding becomes available and corporate confidence recovers. IPO activity has returned to a more normalized level and the momentum of completed offerings and file backlogs are encouraging for 2010. We do believe that real estate markets continue to be challenged and rising foreclosures may threaten prices and the availability of credit. We expect the industry’s cyclical and structural changes to continue for some time. This industry is on the path to re-regulation and we expect significantly higher capital and liquidity requirements. We are well positioned for this although concerned about the apparent lack of international coordination. Industry consolidation, better pricing of risk and stronger growth in emerging markets present opportunities to gain market share and maintain spreads globally. We at Morgan Stanley remain focused on long-term secular growth opportunities in the capital markets and we are leveraging our global brand and client franchise to grow our share of the markets. With that I would like to thank you and invite you to ask questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Mike Carrier – Deutsche Bank.
Mike Carrier: First a question on the trading side of the business. You had some CBA. You had some other benefits last quarter from some spreads tightening from some derivative business and PIK. Just curious on the current PIK results were there any reversals in this quarter or was it just a weakness across the board on both the client side and lower volatility across products?
Colm Kelleher: A CBA itself is really not much of an issue at all this quarter. Our spreads have normalized. Also I am somewhat skeptical about trying to force CBA out of the business because I don’t believe you can run a derivatives business without CBA being an integrated part although we do disclose it in the Q. Broadly the story was one of subdued activity for us this quarter. As you know spreads didn’t do too much during the quarter itself and I think the larger the footprint you have the more you will benefit. I think what you saw there was reduced client activity in our case. There was no one story I can point to other than reduced activity.
Mike Carrier: On the comp side you gave the adjusted numbers on the institutional business, 39% for the quarter and 40% for the year. While I understand with more equity investment over time that ratio could trend lower at least for the next 1-2 years before we get to a full run rate. I guess when we are looking out for 2010 and 2011 not just for Morgan Stanley but what you are seeing for the industry is 40% comp ratio going to be more like the new norm? Obviously it depends on activity levels and the competitive environment but it is obviously down significantly from the 50% we are used to.
Colm Kelleher: Generally I have said on a number of occasions I think comp generally will come down in the industry but we are in an environment where forecasting compensation is difficult for a number of reasons including market pressures and regulatory oversight. Having said that, we have to pay our people competitively to not only retain them but also attract the top talent. The market is still competitive itself but obviously the structure of compensation is changing and on that measure Morgan Stanley was the first to introduce [claw] back. We strengthened those positions. We give a high degree of deferred compensation to all our employees. The operating committee specifically getting a very high level of 75% and I think that is a trend you will see continue.
Mike Carrier: Given the updated Basel guidance, and taking into consideration we are not there yet on Basel 2, some of the banks have been giving some estimates in terms of the potential impact to the regulatory capital ratios. Just curious about your take on that. Probably more importantly when do you expect…is it still a first half 2010 to get guidance from the U.S. regulators on capital requirements for the US firms?
Colm Kelleher: I think Chairman Bernanke said it best that Basel was a journey not a destination. What you have seen is proposals come forward that are now subject to the impact of QIF studies. We have been very clear in the past about expecting and forecasting what we consider to be a big risk which is the regulatory changes coming forward and increased capital. We are looking at all the alternatives and modeling those appropriately. We believe that we have positioned this firm with our capital ratios and the way we have changed our balance sheet to be able to adapt to those. Nothing that I saw on December 17th surprised me that came out of the BCBS suggestions but obviously the QIF impact of those needs to be worked through. You can have quite significant bookends in the way you interpret that. It will take some time to work through this.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of  Howard Chen - Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen: We have heard a lot about the long-term goals for institutional securities and global wealth management but I am wondering if you could share some of your thoughts for plans for the asset management business and maybe long-term timeline for getting there.
James Gorman: There is a 5-6 point plan that we are working on. The first one is to integrate our fund to funds business which we did by merging Greystone and AIP which is about a $16 billion business which we expect can be very significantly larger than that given our distribution capability. The second was to sell our retail asset management businesses to keep an equity stake option which we did with the Invesco transaction. The third is to restructure our institutional asset management business which we are doing with the outsourcing with State Street. Now hiring portfolio managers and generally focusing our attention on the institutional liquidity space. The fourth is to look at all of the hedge fund stakes that we have and that is something Greg Flemming is now coming in to run. Core asset management and immersion banking we will be looking at and it includes stakes across how we are managing front point in that various stakes and [avenue] tracks us. Finally to work with our merchant banking side both in rolling out more funds across private equity. We have some we have just raised. We are looking at distressed funds and potentially commodities. Then on the real estate side we have [measure of seven] which is over a $5 billion fund waiting to invest. Obviously we have had a traumatic couple of years in terms of initially fund performance and then in terms of actual investments in the merchant bank and problems in our portfolio. We believe the vast majority of that is behind us with Crescent being sort of an important chapter close. We are looking forward to Greg’s arrival and executing that strategy.
Howard Chen: A few on the numbers. On the trading businesses, clearly as you spoke to a very muted fourth quarter activity levels but there is also a few moving parts with the human capital installation and the allocation of unallocated capital into the business. As we try to just gauge a bit of a run rate or proper support on getting to this top 1-3 player in 2010, a year of execution, can we get an update on early thoughts on how the year has begun? Are you seeing the same seasonal uplift as you saw seasonal downdrafts in the fourth quarter?
Colm Kelleher: It is early days but we have had a pretty buoyant January so far in the same way as we had a very depressed December. I would hope it would last like that but I suspect it won’t. We feel pretty good about that. In terms of getting to 1 or 3 I think what we have to do is I am not going to give you guidance on numbers but you have to look at what our gap to leader is across our competitors and [inaudible] with our aspirations of being to plot that. Thirdly you keep talking about our allocated capital. Not you specifically but everybody. This is part of what we call buffer capital these days because our expectation is that capital will be absorbed in light of what is happening with regulatory change.
Howard Chen: On the new client activity some of the more transaction driven expense line items that I would think like brokerage and clearing appeared to be a bit higher in the year-end quarter. Am I wrong to think that and if not what is driving that?
Colm Kelleher: No it is up slightly. We definitely had some activity going up there. Clearly when we look at our non-comp expenses the way we have been managing them. The one variable you can’t control too much is brokerage and clearing because that is dependent upon client activity and so on. My view is if that goes up that is probably because we have seen a pickup in activity in client revenues so actually it nets itself out. Away from that we made significant inroads in getting the non-comps down.
Howard Chen: Could you provide a bit more color on the accounting write up you mentioned related to Crescent this quarter? Post the conveyance what remains to be resolved for Crescent if anything?
Colm Kelleher: It is a relatively small write off. If you look at page 12 of the financial supplement you will see a $200 million line and that was the bulk of that. If  you remember we took an impairment charge as we moved the portfolio across to the bank who will provide the secured finance. Of course on the financing we were able to write that back. In terms of what we have got left it is relatively small. It is one very small property, two very small properties which we have taken impairment charges on. They are not material. In addition to that we do have a keyhole agreement, more of a guarantee than a line of credit. It is meant to cover losses of certain defined obligations. It is on our exposure format although still operationally we don’t believe there is a lot of risk in that.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Guy Moszkowski - BAS-ML.
Guy Moszkowski: I wanted to try and follow-up a bit on the unallocated capital issue. Given what we know so far about Basel 3, shouldn’t we expect that some of that will be allocated back into some of the lines of business? Especially institutional. You are small in terms of your allocated capital relative to some of your peers and obviously you are rebuilding the footprint there.
Colm Kelleher: First of all we are one of only a few institutions that actually show our economic capital model in all fairness. So given that we do that I am not sure we are comparing like to like. Yes, I totally agree with you the bulk of our capital will be absorbed in the institutional securities business in light of the BCBS recommendations we saw on December 17th. That is why I refer to it as buffer capital. There is no doubt that we could not operate a business with $17 billion dedicated to ISG unless people thought there was a significant amount of capital behind that. I think the regulatory changes will force that issue.
Guy Moszkowski: Do you think that we should expect some of that capital to roll into the business over the course of this year or is that really still in advance until you know more about BIS?
Colm Kelleher: I think it is a function of what is happening. As you know there are a number of initiatives going on. The securitization framework which is now law. There was the Basel 2 and Basel 1 conversion for us and the other firms which will become active as well. Then rolling forward you have the Basel 1 to Basel 2 conversion and what you are referring to as Basel 3. I think there are a number of initiatives in here that will actually start soaking up that buffer capital.
Guy Moszkowski: If I can turn the conversation to the global wealth management Smith Barney integration can you give us an update on time period here and estimates of when we might expect to see those further integration costs realized and what we should be thinking of in terms of timing of the IT and real estate integration?
James Gorman: I will address that. We are obviously in the middle of a very complex integration program. The first, most immediate concern is getting the management structure right, harmonizing the compensation programs and harmonizing the pricing differences. All of that is now in place. We have essentially made our technology decisions and we are now planning the rollout of the new technology integration in addition to closing some of the excess real estate that we have. So we have said for some time these items will all come to a head full year 2011 and some of the charges expense through 2012. So it is kind of a 2-3 year program essentially from when we closed. We are confident, as we have said, of achieving 20% pre-tax margin targets up from obviously where we are today.
Guy Moszkowski: A final question on GWM can you help us reconcile the minority interest expense for the joint venture to the net profit shown above that line? It sure seems like a lot more than 51% or rather a lot more than 49%.
Colm Kelleher: It is because there are a lot of reconciling items going back and forth in terms of the normalization. It is the costs allocating more than anything else. We can give you specific details later. The severance cost is there which is probably what is skewing it. But that is really what is happening.
Guy Moszkowski: Going forward as we model is it fair to think of a 51/49 split or is there still the potential for a lot of those items?
Colm Kelleher: I think it is pretty fair to think of it as a 51/49 split. You won’t get much noise after this.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr – UBS.
Glenn Schorr: A quick follow-up on the non-comp first. Part of the pickup in the quarter was the merger related charges I am sure but I hear you loud and clear on the uncontrollable brokerage and clearing but all of the line items were up for one and two the brokerage and clearing was up a lot but the revenues weren’t and activity was down. I am being nitpicky but I am trying to set the stage for what I think the company can earn going forward. I just want to understand the mechanics of it.
Colm Kelleher: We had some occupancy write offs in GWM. There was $146 million in JV integration costs. There is some higher professional service fees there. However, we reduced our recurring non-comp expenses by approximately $1.1 billion for the year. So if you actually take out the normalization and adjust 2008 for auction rate securities and all the goodwill impairments and so on and compare like for like what you have as a true rate is $1.1 billion out.
Glenn Schorr: But in your mind the true rate in the quarter is the [2447] less the merger and integration?
Colm Kelleher: Yes.
Glenn Schorr: I don’t think you disclose this but I will take a shot. Headcount year end for the institutional business this year versus last?
Colm Kelleher: No we don’t disclose it.
Glenn Schorr: In wealth management you have made the comment about the lowest turnover in a long time overall in the top two quintiles. Just for a little color how much of it do you think is seasonal? How much of it do you think is the fact that everybody except one of the big guys had lock ups? Then maybe anything on expectations on keeping the flow?
James Gorman: We went through a frenetic period as an industry over the last couple of years in terms of deals and dislocation. Then ultimately mergers so some of it is exactly as you described it; lock up and people sitting on previous deals. I truly believe the industry is moving towards a more rational recruiting model. There is relatively low recruiting activity. Probably the lowest I have seen in my career of 10 years of overseeing these kinds of businesses. The lower turnover I believe is for real. I can’t predict five years out from now but I think for the next couple of years it will stay low and relatively stable.
Glenn Schorr: That will be a breath of fresh air. On the “rebuild” I think we have a pretty clear and some visibility on what you have done and what is going on in equities and prime brokerage on the banking side. I could use a little more color on the fixed side. Maybe, and I am not looking for head for head, I am looking for more where do you think the largest market share potential because you mentioned gap to leader and basically I am looking for a re-definition of what you do and don’t want to be because I feel like the whole industry got in trouble from gap to leader now. I know that is not what is driving the rebuild because I think there are some real constraints and thought process around [rock] and stuff like that.
Colm Kelleher: We know we don’t want to do a full proprietary trading and you know that. So what else to be about is having a business where trading and sales work together to optimize the footprint. So if we look specifically at fixed income which is what you wanted to know about we actually have a business where we believe we are in the top three which is the credit trading business. The revenues there are very sound and have significant improvement over last year. The interesting thing is the clients by and large are the same clients we have the businesses where we underperform. So what we have to do is sort of join those dots up. Interest rates while it is head to head and we have very productive salesmen and traders, we just don’t have the footprint from a client point of view and the salesmen and traders themselves. That is what we are working on and that is what is part of this hiring spree. The same is true for foreign exchange as well. So we have productivity per employee but we don’t actually have the footprint and frankly the breadth of talent for various reasons that were there. It’s now that we are going to work on it. Now let’s talk specifically about commodities. I actually think commodities is one of the two best businesses around. It is a very good business. We don’t think that business is in any way impaired. It is doing well but that business needs volatility and client transactions to support it and as you know for various reasons the commodities market is somewhat subdued from a client point of view for the last few quarters. You tend to get bumper quarters every now and then because of extreme volatility in price that draws them in. So what you need to look at really is within our fixed income business I am very focused or will be going forward on our interest rate and foreign exchange businesses and the sub-parts thereof. If that helps.
Glenn Schorr: On the rebuild, I think you brought it up perfectly, the same clients are participating that you have this top three credit business but a lot of times it is a different person in each asset at the client. So you do need to hire on the sales and distribution side. I guess tying into my earlier question on comp is can you rebuild, have a lower absolute and relative comp ratio and manage that process all at once?
James Gorman: I think the answer to that is you can because Morgan Stanley is clearly a winner here in terms of being an integrated global bank providing a range of services. There is a huge amount of [inaudible] from clients who want to have Morgan Stanley as a credible counter-party. What they want to see is those dots joined up by delivering the firm to the client. You correctly state that the credit portfolio manager in a long only fund may be different from a rate manager and so on. So what we have to have is a lot more discipline in the way we approach it. Remember there was a time when we were dominant in these markets with our client coverage. By the way, you and I can think of two firms that not that long ago had slipped quite significantly in their coverage of clients and they have made it back up. I think the quality of the Morgan Stanley brand name and the quality of people we have will allow us to attract people to deal with us.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital.
Roger Freeman: I will start out with specifically in commodities there are a couple of questions there. One is can you talk a little bit more about the market conditions? I know you said volatility was down [range bound]. As I understand it one business that’s important for you is sort of the physical business given that you are I think the largest owner of storage outside of commercial and I am wondering how the economics of that had sort of progressed over the course of the year. I also noticed there was an impairment of an alternative energy business that was actually in discontinued ops. I wonder if there was anything tied in there. Then a second sort of related question is what do you think about the impact of the new CFDC rules proposed last week with respect to dealer hedge exemptions and how much an impact that might have on your client business in commodities?
Colm Kelleher: There are four questions there. The write down impairment had no standing or influence whatsoever. Fourth quarter 2009 revenues were down significantly from last quarter. The overhang of inventory and the late cold snap basically created an oversupply in inventory that reduced volatility and dampened opportunities. As you know to a large extent commodities can be weather or event related right? So the market itself remained range bound for most of the quarter and as a result the flow was subdued. I think it is that. You do need that volatility or event to happen to drive it. In terms of the regulations coming forward it is just too early to say. I cannot handicap those. We are looking at them very closely. I see a whole range of interpretations from analysts and I just really wouldn’t want to comment on it at this stage.
Roger Freeman: With respect to headcount I think you mentioned in a quote this morning from an interview that you have hired like 350 of the 400 folks in institutional securities. I guess my question is what percentage of those people have actually started and completed their [garden lanes].
Colm Kelleher: Quite a lot have started or are about to start now so I think what you should be thinking about is that certainly by the first quarter of 2010 we are going to be pretty much up to speed on most of those people.
Roger Freeman: Following up on Basel 3. Obviously a lot of moving pieces there. The broad question from my perspective would be how do you see these proposals which in my opinion look pretty draconian. How do you see them pushing out any capital plans that you might have with respect to your general over capitalization, i.e. is it fair to say this pushes back any thinking about stock buybacks or anything down the road?
Colm Kelleher: I think without upsetting my regulators I would like to make sure we get full feedback from what the QIS studies will be and I do think we are probably going to end up in a different place. I do think it is going to take some time to work this out. You and I have spoken a lot about what I thought the regulatory changes would be and I think on a relative basis we are well positioned. So I think this is less a Morgan Stanley issue than an industry issue and I think that is what the regulators are looking at.
Roger Freeman: Not to nitpick around Crescent but can you explain how you are actually able to get a $200 million gain? Were you having to accrue for the difference between the equity value and value of the loan?
Colm Kelleher: Remember we weren’t fair value on Crescent. We were consolidating it. So after reflecting all the write downs and impairments from prior periods the carrying value of Crescent was less than the amount of the remaining finance outstanding. As such, the conveyance of those assets in full satisfaction of the financing resulted in that gain.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo – CLSA.
Mike Mayo: A follow-up for the 350-400 employees you hired. How will you know if you are getting your return on investment and whether you hired too many or if you should be hiring more. How are you going to measure that investment?
Colm Kelleher: We have a number of measures and metrics. We have done this before. In the 90’s we had a hiring plan and we were able to measure the effectiveness of those employees through a number of measures whether it is just revenue per employee which is one crude measure. You clearly look at return on assets. You ought to look at the velocity of balance sheet and so on. I think we will be able to work that out and we have internal metrics that will allow us to do that.
Mike Mayo: In wealth management you continue to have outflows and you look for $50 billion of inflows this year or so. How do we get from outflows to inflows?
James Gorman: As you have probably seen the business at Smith Barney in particular in the first half of this year had very large outflows relating to their turnover from the end of 2008 and early 2009 and that continued through the year. We anticipated or projected expected outflows of between 0 and $10 billion. We thought it would be around 5. We must be pretty good forecasters because it was negative 4.7. I expect this quarter it will be closer to flat. It is just a function of the run off of the assets which take about six months after a financial advisor leaves. That is netted against the inflows. We have a target of $50 billion for 2011, not for 2010. I expect it to be positive in 2010 and it will grow through the course of the year. The good news is the very significant outflows for the first half of this year which we predicted would decline dramatically did decline dramatically and we are back to now sort of rounding territory and obviously we expect to grow from here.
Mike Mayo: A big picture question as you take over the firm, what sort of risk appetite do you want to set for Morgan Stanley? At times risk was taken up and taken down. How do you view risk taking at Morgan Stanley over the next say 3-5 years?
James Gorman: First let’s just step back a little bit. A lot of people have asked me this question and it is presented as a binary answer. We either take risk or we don’t take risk which is obviously absurd. We are in the risk taking business. We have a balance sheet now over $800 billion and we are currently leveraged around 15-17 times. At our peak we were leveraged at 35 times. We had a balance sheet of $1.2 trillion at our trough for about $600 billion and leverage of about 11 or 12 times. So we are a leveraged institution. We take risk across currencies, emerging markets, credits, equity trading. We take risk in commodities. We take risk in our structured products group and we take risk in rate. So we take a lot of risks. We take positional risk and we take trading risk around the inventory that we carry. We take risk in our various capital investments in our merchant bank. We are clearly in the risk business. This is all about turning the dial and it is about not taking out-sized risks for particularly and complex, illiquid products with little ability for ourselves to get out of these positions. So for example, we will not be making investments in our merchant bank for mature funds on bridges we give to Crescent. That is clearly the kind of risk where we are basically open to turning the market environment in real estate. We have closed down most of our proprietary trading positions and are working off a number of those trading desks with a couple of exceptions. We have two stand out businesses we have. We monitor the risk across all the businesses. My view is we are in a risk taking industry. We take risks professionally. We apply our capital and get the leverage on it. The question is what out-sized risks are we going to be taking which could jeopardize our financial health going forward and the answer is none.
Mike Mayo: So tell me if I am paraphrasing correctly. So less illiquid investments. Less complex. Less proprietary trading. Less leverage.
James Gorman: And less out-sized. Go back to the sub-prime trade, we will not be having a $10 billion net exposure on one trade for one group.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Michael Hecht - JMP Securities.
Michael Hecht: Capital management and balance sheet from here, any expectation in kind of further accelerating your growth in deposits or even reducing gross leverage particularly given the concerns around Obama’s proposed tax levy proposal?
Colm Kelleher: Let’s talk about that for a second. We give pretty clear guidance on where we think leverage ratio should be which is 5-7%, 14 to 20 times. We think that operates for us and makes sense. In terms of the guidelines that come from Obama we really have nothing to add at this stage. I think the balance sheet itself and the leverage is fine as it stands and it is a workable proposition. We centered the balance sheet around a certain size. We are obviously carrying a significant amount of liquidity. I think that is all we have to say about that.
James Gorman: Thank you very much everybody.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Morgan Stanley conference call. The following is a live broadcast by Morgan Stanley and is provided as a courtesy. Please note that this call is being broadcast on the Internet through the company's website at www.MorganStanley.com. A replay of the call and webcast will be available through the company's website and by phone through November 21, 2009. This presentation may contain forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made, which reflect management's current estimates, projections, expectations or beliefs, and which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. For a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of Morgan Stanley, please see Morgan Stanley's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2008, Morgan Stanley's 2009 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and Morgan Stanley's current reports on Form 8-K. The presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in Morgan Stanley's annual report on Form 10-K, Morgan Stanley's 2009 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and Morgan Stanley's 2009 current reports on Form 8-K, which are available on Morgan Stanley's website, www.MorganStanley.com. Any recording, rebroadcast or other use of this presentation in whole or in part is strictly prohibited without prior written consent of Morgan Stanley. This presentation is copyrighted and proprietary to Morgan Stanley. At this time I would like to turn the program over to Colm Kelleher for today's call. Please go ahead.
Colm Kelleher: Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us. This quarter we continued to show operating improvement as we execute on our strategy. The integration of Smith Barney's on track, operation results in Institutional Securities improved, we are improving earnings in core Asset Management, and we continued to invest in talent during the quarter. For the quarter ended September 30th Morgan Stanley generated net income of $793 million and diluted earnings per share of $0.38. Negative revenue of approximately $900 million from the narrowing of the firm's debt-related credit spreads impacted earnings per share by $0.36. Firm-wide real estate losses declined from last quarter and were approximately $400 million. This quarter we continued to focus on the optimal use of our balance sheet and demonstrated leadership in our businesses, including investment banking, credit trading and global wealth management. Following our earlier repayment to TARP Capital, we repurchased the warrant received with that program as well. We continue to be well positioned and are capitalizing on the recovery in global capital markets while not limited by a large loan portfolio or direct consumer exposure. Turning to our consolidated results on Page 2 of our Financial Supplement, firm-wide revenues of $8.7 billion included the negative impact of approximately $900 million from the tightening of Morgan Stanley's credit spreads on certain long-term debt carried at fair value. Non-interest expense was $7.5 billion, up 24% from the second quarter, largely driven by compensation as we continue to invest in our people and our talent, which I will discuss later. Non-interest expense is also increased due to the inclusion of a full quarter of both compensation and non-compensation expenses from Smith Barney. We've continued to accrue compensation based on our estimate of full year needs. Non-compensation expenses were $2.5 billion, up 16% from last quarter, primarily driven by impairment of present assets. Excluding expenses related to Smith Barney, Crescent, and auction rate securities from both years, our recurring non-compensation expenses were lower by just under $1 billion on a year-to-date basis, well ahead of the $800 million in annual savings we targeted last year. Turning to Page 3 in the Financial Supplement, total assets increased to $770 billion at September 30th, primarily driven by our client financing businesses, especially prime brokerage. Of this, $153 billion is our liquidity pool. We continue to keep a significant portion of our balance sheet in cash and equivalents as we believe maintaining strong liquidity is prudent in the current environment. Our capital ratios demonstrate the strength of our balance sheet. While we're still finalizing our calculations, we believe our Tier 1 ratio under Basel I will be 15.3%. Risk-weighted assets are expected to be approximately $300 billion at September 30, and we expect our Tier 1 common ratio to be 8.2% and, finally, our tangible common equity to risk-rated asset ratio to be 9.6%. Level 3 assets are $51 billion at September 30th, representing approximately 7% of total assets. Now let's turn to the businesses. Starting with Institutional Securities detailed on Page 5 of the supplement, revenues of $5 billion included the approximately $900 million negative impact from the tightening of credit spreads, as discussed earlier. Non-interest expenses were $3.7 billion in the third quarter of '09, up 13% from the second quarter on higher compensation. Excluding DVA, the compensation ratio in the business was 44.4% in the quarter, up 40% year-to-date. The business reported a pre-tax gain of $1.3 billion. Specifically turning to Investment Banking on Page 6, our franchise continued to capture market share in the quarter and delivered a very strong performance. We were number one in announced and completed global M&A and advised on 8 of the top 10 announced transactions for the first nine months of the year. We also gained share across capital markets as activity broadened, with strength across products, industries and regions. We saw the IPO market fully reopen, particularly in Asia, and we ranked number one in global IPOs. We led significant deals in the quarter. To name a few, IPOs for China Metallurgical Construction and Wynn Macau, Volkswagen's $32.4 billion restructuring and Rio Tinto's $15.7 billion rights offering. We continue committing risk capital to support our clients, including the sale of the Swiss government's $5.2 billion stake in UBS, the largest capital committed equity deal post the credit crisis, Barrick Gold's $4 billion common stock offering, the largest North American capital committed equity deal ever, and we committed financing for Warner Chilcott's acquisition of P&G Pharmaceuticals, the first non-investment grade commitment in the market in over a year. Third quarter Investment Banking revenues of $1 billion were down 7% from the second quarter on lower fixed income underwriting. Advisory revenues were up 4% from last quarter, and while M&A market volumes remain subdued overall, the outlook is clearly improving. Equity underwriting revenues were flat from the strong second quarter, but a significant increase in revenues from Asia, fueled by China IPOs, as well as several large transactions in Europe, the Middle East and Africa areas offset the decline in U.S. activity. Fixed income underwriting revenues decreased 24% for the second quarter on lower investment grade and high yield bond issues. Equity sales and trading revenues of $1.1 billion were negatively impacted by $206 million from the narrowing of debt-related credit spreads on firm-issued structured notes. Cash equity revenues were down 7% from the second quarter of this year on seasonally lower market volumes. Derivatives reported lower revenues, down 11% sequentially, affected by the end of the dividend season in Europe as well as lower client activity. Prime brokerage revenues were up modestly from last quarter, but our average client balances increased 14% from last quarter, with growth across our client base. Momentum in prime brokerage continues, including the return of a number of key franchise clients showing the recaptured market share in line with our objectives, as previously laid out. The fixed income sales and trading revenues of $2.1 billion included losses of $546 million from the narrowing of credit spreads on firm-issued structured notes and a net gain of $334 million related to sale of the firm's participating interest in a claim against a derivative counterparty that filed for bankruptcy protection. Excluding DVA, fixed income sales and trading revenues increased 13% from the second quarter of this year. Commodities revenues were up 35% from the second quarter; however, reduced volatility in the commodities market did mute opportunities. Interest rate, credit and currency trading revenues combined were down slightly from last quarter on lower activity levels. Interest rate products reported another strong quarter, with revenues up slightly from the second quarter. Credit trading revenues increased 4% sequentially. Within credit trading, credit corporates had another standout quarter, with revenues surpassing second quarter levels from strong investment grade and distressed trading on a broader increase in market share. Currencies reported 18% higher revenues from the second quarter on strong trading. On a year-to-date basis we have seen good performance in interest rate and credit trading, with revenues up 79% and 114%, respectively. The total of our mortgage-related net exposures across residential and commercial mortgages were reduced from $7.9 billion to $7.4 billion during the quarter. We're seeing liquidity return to these markets and are more actively trading in them. Consequently, we have dropped our mortgage-related schedules from the Financial Supplement as changes in our net exposure are also driven by trading activities. Other sales and trading revenues benefited from spread tightening and valuation gains in our lending business, which includes leveraged acquisition finance and relationship lending. Net marked-to-market gains for the quarter were approximately $500 million. These gains were partially offset by a $98 million impact of tightening credit spreads on Morgan Stanley's [dash] related to CIC's investment. Total average trading and non-trading VAR increased to $168 million from $154 million last quarter, reflecting an increase in both our trading and non-trading VAR and lower diversification benefits. Average trading VAR increased to $118 million from $113 million, reflecting increases in foreign exchange and interest rate risk. Now we turn to Page 8 of the supplement and our Global Wealth Management business. With a full quarter of results from the Morgan Stanley/Smith Barney joint venture consolidated within this segment, a comparison to the second quarter where only one month of Smith Barney was included is not particularly meaningful. Revenues of $3 billion continue to be stable and consistent despite the overall weakness in the retail markets. Non-interest expenses were $2.7 billion and included $65 million of joint venture-related integration costs. The business reported a pre-tax profit of $280 million. Excluding those JV-related integration costs, PTP was $345 million and the PTP margin was 11%. On Page 9 you can see the quarterly productivity metrics of the business. Total client assets increased 8% to $1.5 trillion on higher market levels. The number of FA's declined to 18,160, and attrition primarily within the lower quintiles has substantially declined since the closing of the joint venture. For comparison, FA turnover within our top two quintiles was at historic lows of under 1%. Net new asset outflows of $8.8 billion reflect the lag affects from financial advisors that left Smith Barney prior to the closing. We are seeing a significant reduction in outflows compared to the first half of this year. Deposits in our bank deposit program increased [to] $110 billion, of which $52 billion is held by Morgan Stanley banks. Total firm-wide deposits at quarter end were $62 billion. Turning to Asset Management on Page 10 of the supplement, Asset Management recorded a pre-tax loss of $356 million, primarily driven by real estate losses related to Crescent within merchant banking. Excluding non-controlling interests, pre-tax loss attributable to Morgan Stanley was $294 million. Core Asset Management was profitable for the third consecutive quarter. Excluding the SIVs - S-I-V gains reported in the second quarter - core Asset Management revenues of $600 million were higher by 18%, driven by an increase in performance, management fees, and gains in our alternative investments whilst pre-tax profits were up over 80%. Merchant banking revenues of $98 million were higher in the second quarter due to lower losses in real estate investments; however, due to the Crescent impairment the business reported a larger pre-tax loss this quarter. Non-interest expenses for Asset Management increased 29% from last quarter, entirely due to a $251 million impairment charge related to Crescent within non-compensation expenses. Turning to Pages 11 and 12 of the supplement, you can see the assets under management and asset flow data. Total assets under management increased to $386 billion during the quarter as market appreciation of $33 billion was partially offset by $8.7 billion in net asset outflows. Nearly all of the quarterly outflows were in our core business, primarily from our money market and equity funds. Fixed income inflows were $1 billion, benefiting from improved performance and asset inflows for investments under TALF. Outflows in equity were primarily related to manager changes or certain mandate changes; however, we continued to see performance improving, with 71% of equity strategies performing above the Morningstar peer median for one year versus 54% a year ago. In addition, we are seeing an increase in the number of funds rated four and five star by Morningstar to 47 from 35 a year ago, and the percentage of four and five-star assets increased to 42% from 21% a year ago. Turning to our firm-wide real estate exposures on Page 14 of our Financial Supplement, certain real estate funds were consolidated on our balance sheet under Accounting Standards Codification Topic 810: Reassessment Guidelines. In the second quarter Morgan Stanley provided financial assistance amid tight liquidity in the funds. The consolidation of these funds was triggered by the continued deterioration of equity in the funds combined with our financial support. This consolidation resulted in a transfer of the applicable portion of exposure to Morgan Stanley from the real estate fund line to the consolidated interest line on the schedule. Asset Management's income statement with respect to these funds had virtually no P&L impact to Morgan Stanley, with the limited partnership interests deducted through the non-controlling interest line. Our real estate gross asset exposure as reflected on our statement of financial condition was $4.4 billion at the end of the quarter, down from $4.6 billion at the end of June. Including $1.6 billion of contractual commitments and other arrangements with respect to these investments, our total exposure would be $6 billion, down from $6.3 billion at the end of June. This exposure excludes assets in investments for the benefit of certain deferred employee compensation or co-investment plans. This quarter we continued to make progress in our three business segments. Institutional Securities, our core business, continues to demonstrate the strength of our leading client franchise. Investment banking continued to gain strength. We are currently ranked number one in both announced and completed global M&A for the year, number two in global equity, number one in global IPOs. We are hiring over 400 people, consistent with our strategic goals, and are committed to improving the operating performance in our trading businesses. We are more than halfway through this global hiring plan, the majority of which is outside the U.S. as we rebalance and position our trading positions for growth. For example, we are increasing headcount by over 20% in areas like foreign exchange, emerging markets and equity derivatives. Global Wealth Management posted solid revenues despite the challenging retail environment, and the integration of our joint venture with Smith Barney is on track. We are optimizing the many businesses reported in our Asset Management segment, and we are executing our multi-pronged approach. We announced the sale of our retail asset management business, including Van Kampen Investments to Invesco, while maintaining a minority stake in the combined firm. This will allow the firm to participate in the future growth of retail asset management via its interest in Invesco while focusing on its institutional client base. More broadly, our partnership with MUFG continues to gain strength. We successfully executed an export-related deal for the Egyptian General Petroleum Corporation, furthering the collaboration between our two firms and a testament of our leadership in structuring complex transactions. Now, finally a few words on the outlook. Global economic conditions have improved, and market continues continue to normalize. The overall operating environment is clearly better, with higher client volumes. The global M&A market is picking up with increasing availability of funding, and financing markets are open with investment grade and high yield debt markets rebounding. The cost of funding has declined as financials continue to raise debt and equity; however, it does still remain higher than pre-crisis levels. Global equity markets are open across industries and geographies, and the IPO market is accelerating with the emerging markets, particularly Asia, leading the way. The securitization markets have shown continued improvement, while government programs like TALF have had a meaningful impact. These are all encouraging signs of more normal markets. We expect the industry's cyclical and structural changes to continue through the rest of the year. The regulatory landscape is evolving, and we expect significantly higher capital and liquidity requirements across the industry in the future. We believe we are well positioned for this. Housing markets continue to be challenged, and although banks have made significant progress in deleveraging, consumer deleveraging will take additional time; however, consolidation of better pricing of risk [inaudible] opportunities for market share gain and higher spreads globally. So in conclusion, near-term cyclical challenges do not change our view of long-term secular growth as we continue to focus on leveraging Morgan Stanley's global brand to grow our franchise's share of the market. Thank you. With that, I'll now take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Glenn Schorr - UBS.
Glenn Schorr: Maybe just a quick comment on how you view balance sheet size and leverage. Awhile back you put a 750 cap out there, but obviously equity's grown. But you did take leverage up a little bit and a little bit over that 750 size, so just curious on how you're thinking about the balance sheet and size.
Colm Kelleher: Sure. I mean, I gave that balance sheet size within the definition at the time of the leverage ratio. And that's really what I want to focus on, Glenn, that the guidance I've given is a 5% to 7% leverage ratio, which I believe will probably be the new norm - although I'm prejudging the regulators on this - which means that you're talking about 14 to 20 times leverage. Obviously, our equity has grown, which allows us to take the balance sheet up. At this level we're 15.7 times levered, and that still gives me room for any potential consolidation under 166/167, which we're obviously keeping a weather eye on.
Glenn Schorr: And then I guess it all fits together, but the unallocated capital is now at $9.4 billion. And interestingly, I think the capital allocated to the institutional business went down. I don't want to read too much into that either but just your thoughts on as you project forward. You made the comment specifically on higher capital requirements coming but where you think you're at in terms of the true unallocated capital.
Colm Kelleher: I can't prejudge that because where we're at in true allocated capital is where we're at, Glenn. We have unallocated capital which the businesses can pull. I obviously am keeping capital in reserve because as a firm we do believe there will be higher capital charges. At the moment I think it's fair to say that we've had no holistic response from regulators as to what that answer will be. We've clearly seen things like the securitization framework, which if they were to be applied today would have a significant affect on capital. You can take mitigating steps. So my view is that I am prepared to keep and the firm believes we should keep our unallocated capital for the time being. The business can use some of it if it makes sense on a risk-adjusted basis. But clearly we are keeping an eye on the developing regulatory situation.
Glenn Schorr: You have a good table in the Q that shows some of the anti-dilutive securities outstanding. It has the CIC units and [inaudible] preferred stock and some other option stuff. How are you thinking about share count because there's some things that are hard timelines and some of them are more stock related, and if this call goes on a little further MUFG stuff will be in the money. So how do you think about future share count and your ability to offset some of that through repurchases?
Colm Kelleher: We clearly would like to address those issues, but we think it's too early to do that at the moment. I think the market is still not stable enough. Clearly, we will negotiate and deal with our regulators on when is the right time to do either stock buybacks or deal with dividends going forward. I think it's far too early to think about that at the moment, but it's certainly something you know that we are very focused on.
Glenn Schorr: Yes, I guess with 645 of them outstanding, there's a big difference between using 1.3 or 1.9 in the model, but cool. I appreciate it.
Colm Kelleher: I do understand the conversion times of those securities as well.
Glenn Schorr: Absolutely.
Colm Kelleher: So we have some time there on that scale, Glenn.
Operator: Your next question comes from Guy Moszkowski - BAS-ML.
Guy Moszkowski: I just want to pursue for a moment the question of the equity allocation to the Institutional Securities business, which did come down pretty smartly in the quarter as it had the prior quarter as well, even as you're increasing the human capital component there, as you pointed out, and the VAR was a little higher. So maybe you can just give us a sense for how to reconcile those two moves.
Colm Kelleher: I think you reconcile it by what I've been speaking to you about for awhile, Guy, which is looking at risk-adjusted returns and clever deployment to capital. We clearly believe that where we have an edge is where we have increased footprint, and we've put capital behind that sort of business. As we increase market share, we get a better ROA. That is capital efficient. We've also been reducing our legacy assets, which obviously soak up a lot of capital in our economic capital model and so on. So what I'm suggesting you look at is that our strategy is to pursue those businesses that make sense from a [inaudible] point of view, and that’s really the answer.
Guy Moszkowski: Let me ask you, since you brought up legacy assets and you explained why you dropped some of those disclosures, which of course makes perfect sense given where we are in the markets at this point, but I think it would still be useful to get a little bit of an update for where you are in commercial real estate financing exposure, CMBS whole loans and what your hedges look like against that.
Colm Kelleher: Sure. Well, I've given what we think is our relevant commercial real estate exposure. In terms of where we are on some of the other stuff, we're probably down on the net exposure now September 30th 7.4 from 7.5, so the non-subprime are pretty much unchanged. Commercial mortgages, 7.8, 8.6, we are trading around that. U.S. subprime pretty much unchanged, slight tick up on that, and obviously relatively unchanged from where we were last quarter, if that's fair.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay and then finance?
Colm Kelleher: And what was the legacy book, I think we're down. I think the last time we showed it to you it was $5 billion or something. We're about $3 billion in that sort of zip code now and what with the legacy book, but clearly we have been doing new trades there.
Guy Moszkowski: Right. And you booked a mark back up on some that, right, during the quarter?
Colm Kelleher: Yes, we did, but it was split between the relationship lending book, where the hedges came back, as well as the legacy book. In terms of the marks where we are, if you want to know where those are, CMBS bonds, low 70s, senior commercial loans, high 80s, mez commercial loans, mid 70s, Alt-As, mid 30s, U.S. and U.K. residential loans, mid 80s, subprime ABS/CBO/mez, low teens, leveraged finance portfolio, mid 80s. And remember, the other thing you've got to talk about is - and it's on Page 14 of the schedule  is the real estate funds, where we have the exposure there. If you want me to give you a value on that, I would say low 20s.
Guy Moszkowski: And then I just have a final question on compensation. I guess year-to-date, as you pointed out, in Institutional you recruited about 40%. Given the hiring that you've been doing and are continuing to do, presumably you've got to give some guarantees in many cases. How should we think about that year-to-date accrual rate relative to where we might need to be in the fourth quarter?
Colm Kelleher: I don't think it changes particularly. Remember, we had attrition; we had people who left. So we have a savings from that. We're pretty much targeting around this sort of level. We will pay competitively and are proving to pay competitively. We're just being much more discriminating about the pay curve itself, Guy.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Hecht - JMP Securities.
Michael Hecht: I guess just a question on fixed income sales and trading. Can you help us think about how we should think about the opportunity from here? You've added some people and you said, I think, you're more than halfway through your hiring plan, and maybe some of those people have come online, some not. And then how we reconcile that relative to what you're seeing in terms of trading spreads by some of the different trading areas, whether you expect those to narrow or normalize over time.
Colm Kelleher: Well, let's begin with trading spreads. It's clear that trading spreads weren't as wide as they were when the market was abnormal or dysfunctional, as it were. But it's also our personal belief that, with reduced competition and regulatory barriers being high, you will have systemically or secularly wider trading spreads. So the gain then is one of market share. We've said to you that we feel - we said this last quarter - we had slipped in market share in certain product areas where we have been dominant before. We believe that we will be able to rebuild that market share. It will take time, and what we're doing is showing you steady progression. It's clear that we've shown you some progression this quarter. Foreign exchange revenue is up quite significantly. Interest rate revenues are up as well. We've held our, I think, very high market share in investment grade credit and distressed debt, where we will continue. It really is an issue of footprint, Michael, and it's about extending that footprint. I think Morgan Stanley is very well placed; it has a lot of goodwill from clients to sort of step into that breach and have that better footprint.
Michael Hecht: And then can you give us any color on I guess the pace of revenues you saw in trading, both fixed income and equities, over the pace of the quarter? Any month stand out as particularly strong?
Colm Kelleher: No, it was more normalized this time around. August a little bit slow, as you'd expect, more like a traditional August, but nothing unusual in the pace this time. It really feels like the markets are normalizing, and things are moving back to where they should be.
Michael Hecht: And then on the retail asset management deal - and congratulations; it looks like a good transaction - I understand it's not closing until mid 2010, but can you help us understand the impact on book value and maybe kind of the earnings presentation of the IBZ stake at closing?
Colm Kelleher: Well, it's a bit early yet to make impact on [inaudible]. We've probably got a pre-tax gain of around $1 billion, but that's clearly dependent upon the closing price of the shares in the acquiring company; we are taking an equity stake. But think about it in terms of that, and then think about what that will mean. It will be accretive for us. In terms of earnings, I don't think it will be significantly material to what we're doing, and it will allow us to focus much more keenly on the institutional business and the merchant banking business left within Asset Management.
Operator: Your next question comes from Howard Chen - Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen: There's been a lot of press about Crescent. I was just curious if you could give us an update on what your plans are doing with the interest there, clarify your exposure and maximum loss that could be taken?
Colm Kelleher: Well, look, as previous - first of all, in terms of the loss, as you know, we consolidated this REIT from a bridge and had to take it onto the company's books, so we need to make an impairment assessment each quarter. Based on continued evaluation of properties, including an analysis of our options, we took impairment charges based on a combination of fair value of the properties and also the impairment themselves. We'll continue to make those assessments for as long as we own the properties. Now, as previously disclosed, we negotiated a loan extension with Crescent's lender during the current quarter. You know the amount of that loan - it's $2.5 billion. No additional payments were made to the lender as part of that extension agreement. While I won't go into a lot of detail, we continue to work closely with the lender towards an orderly transfer of [inaudible] operations as well as other related matters.
Howard Chen: And then on Global Wealth Management and the full quarter's contribution of the JV, could you just touch on how you think about the pacing of synergy realization and one-time costs as we think about you integrating that transaction?
Colm Kelleher: Nothing has changed our timeline in terms of our expectation of the realizations we're doing, and we will continue to give you more disclosures as we reach those milestones; we've already given you some. So we are very comfortable with the plan we laid out for the integration and the merger, Howard.
Howard Chen: With respect to prime brokerage, could you wrap some numbers around the rebound that you noted and maybe speak to a bit of the profitability from those clients who left and have now returned vis-à-vis a year ago.
Colm Kelleher: No. All I'd say is that our balances are up 14% and profitability is coming back. We do think we have pricing power. As I've said, we're not targeting a market share strategy, but we want to be a significant player, which we believe we are in that market. The quality of clients is good. The internal funding aspects of the business are much more in line with what we want. So I think that's really all I'm prepared to say rather than do a line-by-line item.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Carrier - Deutsche Bank.
Mike Carrier: Another question on the fixed side - when you look at the recent hiring that you've done across the platform as well as the increased level of risk taking, do you view the platform as being where you want it to be - and this is really just focused on FIC - or are you maybe 50% or 75% of the way there? And then probably more importantly, when you look at managing risk given all the recent hires, just relative to the past, I just want to get your view on how you're looking at risk just to ensure that if we do run into more volatility you guys have a grasp on all the recent hires.
Colm Kelleher: Well, first of all, we're just about halfway through the hiring that we need to do, so that's not finished, so we still go and this firm clearly is attracting talent with its strategy and the execution of that strategy, which people can see. Clearly, you'll see the benefits of a lot of that hiring coming through in 2010 because of the way people tend you with three-month notice periods and so on. In terms of risk, it really doesn't change for us. We're talking about looking at things on a risk-adjusted return - going back to one of the earlier questions - and allocation of capital. We will take risk based on the back of our client franchise, which is client flow, and trade on the back of that accordingly. So the more that we have a strong client franchise, increased flows, we will be able to make risk-adjusted returns on that business. So I don't think you're seeing anything away from an execution of a strategy that we've outlined.
Mike Carrier: And then another question on the Wealth Managements side. When looking at the $8.8 million in outflows, it's tough to compare that to the $2 billion because that was only one month, but I think in a slide presentation you guys used $32 billion of outflow in the second quarter. So, one, I just wanted to know if that's relatively comparable. And then it looks like the revenue and assets are okay, you know, is doing well despite some attrition, so when you look out over the next 12 to 18 months, once the full integration is in place, given the skill that you have, is there any reason that - and I guess more structurally - is there any reason why you wouldn't potentially be able to achieve industry leading margins of, say, like 25%?
Colm Kelleher: There's no reason at all why we shouldn't be able to achieve that in line with the integration itself. Let me be clear on that. Remember, you had a lot of attrition in the closing days of Smith Barney, and what you're seeing is the tail affect of that. With positive recruiting and more productive FAs, we'll see an improvement in those client flows and clearly improvement in margin.
Mike Carrier: And then just finally, on the asset management segment, when Invesco gave their presentation they just mentioned some of the costs that were related to the retail portion, you know, of the business, and then they just mentioned some of the expense sharing divisions across institutional and retail that they weren't taking. So I guess when you look at the Asset Management business  and, granted, it's very early - but I think when you guys can give some color just on the expenses that are related to the institutional business.
Colm Kelleher: Sure. Well, on the first point, we can't speak for Invesco, but they believe they can run the business more efficiently than we have in the past. The outlook for the remaining Asset Management, we had $267 billion of assets under management as of September 30. Our remaining Asset Management will be more focused and streamlined. It will better leverage our strengths, build on our strong relationships, and we believe that we can take the cost out of that going forward. So we feel very comfortable about this.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Mayo - CLSA.
Mike Mayo: Just to follow up on the Wealth Management question, so if the revenues went from 575 to 698, can you give us some apples-to-apples figures, either take out the Smith Barney impact both quarters or throw in a full quarter of Smith Barney in the second quarter, what would have happened to revenues?
Colm Kelleher: Mike, you know, I said last quarter, I'm not going to do that. We view this as a consolidated business. We're already getting synergies quicker than we thought. It wouldn't be fair to do that, and it wouldn't help us achieve the sort of goals that we're trying to do in that business. In terms of the revenues themselves, I will say we clearly had a weakening retail environment, but net-net we do believe with those revenues and results that we're on track for the integration plan as laid out.
Mike Mayo: Were those revenues weaker than you expected? I saw some numbers out of Schwab that were decent. I know it's not the same client base.
Colm Kelleher: There's nothing in those revenue numbers that knocks us away from what we consider to be our plan and execution on the strategy.
Mike Mayo: On the Asset Management side, the biggest increase in AUM this quarter was Van Kampen and that's the business you're selling, so just a little bit more color why you chose to sell that.
Colm Kelleher: Well, it's the same as I've said to you before. We felt it was a subscale business for us. We had one of two choices. We think we chose the right choice for a best of breed manager, with whom we will have an ongoing equity interest involved. Having said that, if you look at our core businesses, the performance has improved significantly, as we've outlined to you, and we do believe that those asset outflows will stop in accordance with the A) improved performance, and B) we're clearly getting the operating margins improved as we're taking out cost.
Mike Mayo: And have you kind of retained optionality with the rest of the Asset Management at Morgan Stanley, potential additional joint ventures or sales?
Colm Kelleher: No. We are running the business, the institutional business. If you think about Asset Management, it's two big legs. It's the merchant banking business, which is the real estate, infrastructure and private equity funds, predominantly real estate, and within the institutional business you have the fund-to-funds business, which we believe is a big growth area for many reasons, the hedge fund business, which we have, the liquidity business, and then our [loan] only business. In all of those we feel very well positioned.
Mike Mayo: And the backlogs in investment banking, how do they look?
Colm Kelleher: I'm telling you, they're building up very well. We're looking very healthy now, so we feel very good about our pipelines.
Mike Mayo: And then lastly, the marks, you said you wrote down the low 20s, the real estate investments. I thought you said real estate funds. Was it for the real estate funds?
Colm Kelleher: I said the real estate funds. They're [our LP] interests.
Mike Mayo: So what is it for real estate investments, the $4.4 billion or the $6 billion including the commitments? What are those written down to?
Colm Kelleher: We don't do that because of the nature of what they are. If you'll remember, we've given you the composition of those. Within that you have the Crescent deal, against which there's a $2.5 billion nonrecourse loan. You have other investments. We'll either take some combination of fair value or impairment testing; 94% of that book is actually at cost, so it's really very much focused on the impairment testing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital.
Roger Freeman: Most of my questions are actually around the Asset Management business, just to sort of flesh that transaction out. Colm, can you say how much of the Morgan Stanley/Van Kampen run rate production is into the Morgan Stanley/Smith Barney channel, and how much of the AUM is Morgan Stanley retail client?
Colm Kelleher: Certainly if you look at retirement products it's absolutely negligible. One of the other issues we had is that we were potentially running into regulatory issues through the Morgan Stanley channel, which is why this was a neat solution for us. So, you know, we're selling retail products to Invesco. What you see in the Financial Supplement is assets under management by distribution channel anyway, so it's hard to pull that out. I think we will be much better placed as a result of this transaction for selling product through the retail channel.
Roger Freeman: Right, but, I mean, how leveraged has that business been on a percentage basis to Morgan Stanley retail as opposed to out to any other triple play?
Colm Kelleher: I'll have to come back to you on that. It's not something I can answer.
Roger Freeman: Okay. Actually, your point on the retirement headwinds, it's a very interesting one; it's gotten some discussion recently. How much of the retail business is into retirement products that were essentially impacted? I'm trying to figure out how much has that business been revenue impaired or do you think on a run rate basis?
Colm Kelleher: You're talking about a broad market question now, which I think others can answer. The current amount that we do out of our network, out of Van Kampen, into that network is negligible. In the overall market I think other people could probably be able to answer that better than me.
Roger Freeman: And then I guess on the gain that you were referring to, I know it's early to say, but is that coming from writing up the Morgan Stanley brand retail? Because it seems like the sale price here is pretty close to what you paid for Van Kampen back in [inaudible].
Colm Kelleher: No, I mean, I think, Roger, in all fairness, I've given you a good idea of what the gain is, and I don't particularly want to give the component parts. It's fair enough to sort of - I mean, that's relevant.
Roger Freeman: Since they did put some data out on the run rate or profitability and it was actual data, they're bagging out what they consider to be shared services and corporate overhead. Let me just ask you: How profitable was that business inside of you fully costed?
Colm Kelleher: The business was profitable, but our core business will remain profitable. So, you know, net-net we are very comfortable with the transaction for every aspect, including what's left in core Asset Management.
Roger Freeman: So the costs that they're putting essentially back to you or they won't have a revenue stream tied to it -
Colm Kelleher: As I said, I don't want to comment on what they're saying, but we're very comfortable with what we're doing.
Roger Freeman: Prime brokerage, you talked about the improvements there. What percentage of your equities revenues at this point would you say are prime brokerage?
Colm Kelleher: We don't give that, so I don't particularly want to give that. And I also think the model, as we explained before, is that, if you go back to last year, you could have spoken about a stand-alone prime brokerage business. I think the prime brokerage business is very much contiguous and integral part of our equity business now, so it would be like trying to strip out one line.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Harte - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.
Jeff Harte: You talked about M&A, and I thought maybe a little bit more optimistically than I was expecting. Can you talk a little bit about how we keep hearing about how great conversations with clients are but no one's actually moving through to pull the trigger or actually moving to the announcement phase. Are we progressing more toward announcements picking up, and do you have any kind of a timeline in mind as to when we could see a pickup?
Colm Kelleher: Well, you're already beginning to see a pickup. I think we're at the low at the moment. The real issue has been access to funding markets and whether people can get that funding. With the opening of the funding markets you're seeing that beginning to happen. You're already seeing in leveraged buyouts admittedly low [gearing] multiple deals getting done, deals being circulated around. And strategically people are looking because they're more comfortable in the funding. We can mention some big names currently in the market. So I do think you're seeing the recovery.
Jeff Harte: And looking at Wealth Management at Morgan Stanley/Smith Barney, the concept of 20% to 25% pre-tax margins a couple of years out, that would be very impressive. Is the key to getting there more scale and pulling out costs or is there some kind of increased revenue productivity?
Colm Kelleher: No. I think the guidance we've given is very much on a plug-and-play basis, which is the scale of business, and James has been very clear on that. I mean, any revenue synergies will be additive to that.
Jeff Harte: And finally - you might have touched on this earlier and maybe I missed some of the numbers  some of the, let's call them legacy or the mortgage positions that we no longer get specific disclosures on, were there gains on those portfolios this quarter? I guess I'd specifically be interested in commercial mortgages, where you have that portfolio very heavily hedged.
Colm Kelleher: Look, we had gains up and we had losses down, but net affect on the legacy position was pretty much flat. In commercial mortgages, to give you better color, our hedges didn't work as well as they could have done, but obviously the exposures were significantly down, obviously because the hedges are more liquid when the market recovers and it takes time for the instruments to catch up. But on the legacy book it's been pretty much a wash for gains and losses on the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Douglas Sipkin - Pali Research.
Douglas Sipkin: Three questions here. First, with respect to retail, Global Wealth Management, what percentage of your asset management fees in there are on a lag basis, you know, priced maybe on the beginning of period assets versus sort of an average or an ending? I know you guys reported $1.57 billion this quarter. Do you have any idea of what percentage of that is sort of lagged?
Colm Kelleher: Offhand, I don't. I don't. I'm sorry.
Douglas Sipkin: And then secondly, any update - I know Citigroup has sort of flat out said that they plan on selling the entire position, which I don't think is really a surprise, and I think you guys have sort of indicated that - any update on sort of the timeline of that, how that phase-in happens? Maybe a little bit more detail around it now that we're several months into the transaction?
Colm Kelleher: This is a staggered acquisition with pre-defined timelines where we control the optionality on that, which suits this firm and is shareholders just fine. So unless there is a compelling reason for us to reevaluate that, we will execute on the timeline as laid out in the agreement signed at the time. And that's really where we are.
Douglas Sipkin: Third question: Could you just give a little color on maybe what type of impact the government guying mortgage-backed bonds and government bonds is playing on whether it's easier or harder to make money in fixed income trading with that sort of element of concentrated buying in place and what business may look like when that ends in the beginning of next year?
Colm Kelleher: Well, it's clearly provided more liquidity to the market, and more liquidity to the market clearly is better for the market. So by definition, it's better for everybody. But what's it's also done is it's kick started trading in the market, so to some degree you would expect government buying to end and to pull back because that was the intent of what they did. So the issue is will the market be robust? When that happens our view is that it will be. You have a lot of liquidity. You have spreads still at quite wide levels, but you've got people coming into the market now and making investments and making returns. So I think it's been a very useful exercise and very helpful in this market stabilization.
Douglas Sipkin: And then just a final question: I was a little surprised, not so much on your end but with Invesco. There doesn't seem to be any selling restrictions attached to your roughly $1 billion investment, and I was just wondering from a partnering standpoint how if at all will this change how you work with Invesco on the retail side of the fence obviously now having a 9% percentage? And then will that change anything that Smith Barney/Morgan Stanley is doing in terms of selling Asset Management products?
Colm Kelleher: I foresee no changes at all. We have a very healthy and constructive relationship with Invesco.
Operator: Your final question comes from James Mitchell - Buckingham Research.
James Mitchell: Can I just follow up on the comp ratio? You said you expect it to be pretty flat in the fourth quarter. Is that with the 44% in the third quarter on a normalized basis or the 40% year-to-date?
Colm Kelleher: No, I didn't say in the fourth quarter. What I said was [it'd be] year-to-date. You look at the sort of revenue ratios we're giving. Across the firm we've been giving you guidance at just under 50%. What I then said was - sorry if I didn't make myself clear - is that we've been giving segments, each segment number, and of course then what we've given you guidance on ex DVA. So in the case of GWN, there is no DVA because it's all allocated to that. They're accruing in the low 60s, as you know, on a comp ratio. Now remember that that's a grid payment system, very little subjectivity. In Institutional Securities, where there is more of a bonus element, what we've been saying is ex DVA we're in the low 40s for Institutional Securities, and that's the way we're looking at the business. Traditionally what you do in the fourth quarter, as you know, is you'll true up. But that's the guidance we're giving, James.
James Mitchell: You're saying low 40s for the full year in ISG?
Colm Kelleher: Yes.
James Mitchell: And just following up on Wealth Management, as you pointed out, you're 64% comp ratio, if you look back before you did the acquisition in '08 you were doing 60% or below. How much of that is a function of just needing to get through cost saves versus a lower revenue environment, and do you expect that to get back below 60% over time?
Colm Kelleher: Yes. I mean, I don't exactly where it's going to end up, but we expect that to be the trend, so that's the way we'd look at it.
James Mitchell: Okay, and then one last follow up on FIC. Where have you guys lost the most market share since, say, '07, early '08, and where are you concentrating your efforts to recapture that market share the most?
Colm Kelleher: And I think we are regaining market share as we go on. It really is in the interest rates and foreign exchange area in FIC, but we are regaining that market share. We have seen some improvement this quarter.
James Mitchell: But you're saying that where you saw the most loss was in those areas?
Colm Kelleher: Yes. All right, well, listen, thank you very much, everybody. I'd like to thank you for your time on the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-23 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Morgan Stanley conference call. The following is a live broadcast by Morgan Stanley and is provided as a courtesy. Please note that this call is being broadcast on the Internet through the company’s website at www.morganstanley.com. A replay of the call and webcast will be available through the company’s website and by phone through August 22, 2009. This presentation may contain forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made, which reflect managements’ current estimates, projections, expectations or beliefs and which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. For a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of the company, please see the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended November 30, 2008, the company's 2009 quarterly report and the company’s current reports on Form 8-K. The presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our quarterly report on form 10-Q and our current reports on Form 8-K, which are available on our website www.morganstanley.com. Any recording, rebroadcast, or other use of this presentation in whole or in part is strictly prohibited without prior written consent of Morgan Stanley. This presentation is copyrighted and proprietary to Morgan Stanley. At this time, I’d like to turn the program over to Mr. Colm Kelleher. Please go ahead.
Colm Kelleher: Good morning everyone, thank you for joining us. Today we will review our quarterly results and provide an update on our strategic initiatives. We remain firm in our view that 2009 is a year of transition and the 2nd quarter reflects that ongoing process. Our results show progress in this transition as we invest in talent, execute the joint venture with Smith Barney and continue to turn around asset management. A number of noteworthy items resulted in the loss of $1.37 per share from continuing operations for the quarter ended June 30, including negative revenue of $2.3 billion from the narrowing of Morgan Stanley’s debt-related credit spreads, impacting earnings per share by $1.32, an $850 million accelerated amortization charge resulting from our repurchase of the TARP-related series D preferred stock, impacting earnings per share by $0.74, and a $202 million charge relating to the partial redemption of the series C preferred stock issued through MUFG in exchange for its purchase of Morgan Stanley’s common stock, impacting earnings per share by $0.17. Other items incurred during the quarter were, $734 million in firm-wide real estate losses, $245 million in integration related costs associated with the Morgan Stanley – Smith Barney join venture and a $33 million expense relating to the FDIC special assessment. Discontinued operations included the resource of MSCI, including a $310 million after-tax gain on its sale. This quarter we continue to focus on risk-adjusted returns. Whilst I will address our relative underperformance of fixed income later in this discussion, we continue to be well-positioned for recovery in the global capital markets and are not limited by a large loan portfolio or direct consumer exposure. On May 31, ahead of schedule, we closed the Morgan Stanley-Smith Barney joint venture, creating a new global leader in wealth management. In June, we also announced further details of our global strategic alliance with MUFG. We are collaborating in corporate and investment banking through a loan marketing joint venture in the US, and business referral arrangements in Europe and Asia and we created a referral agreement to provide Morgan Stanley’s commodities products to MUFG’s global customer base. We believe these initiatives will offer us greater lending capacity to expand our institutional client base, especially in Asia. We are currently in the process of turning around asset management. We’ve examined the scale, expense, structure and performance issues of each business and are now executing the optimization of these distinct businesses. In November, we committed to $2 billion in firm-wide cost-savings for 2009. We have reduced compensation expenses by $1.2 billion from headcount reductions primarily taken in 2008. Now with the join venture closed, and with the opportunity in the market place, we are taking advantage of the market dislocation and hiring strategically. We have added talent within fixed income, derivatives, prime brokerage, investment banking and asset management and continue to invest in our people. With the inclusion of the join venture with Smith Barney and our consolidated results, our recurring non-compensation expenses are going to be higher. We had committed to a reduction of $800 million in recurring non-comp expenses for 2009. Through the first half of this year, we made significant progress toward this goal. Excluding the present impairment, Smith Barney operating expenses and joint venture integration costs, we have reduced our recurring non-comp expenses by nearly $600 million, year to date. We remain focused on identifying and reducing expenses. Now, turning to our consolidated results. We continue to demonstrate leadership in our businesses, including investment banking, credit trading and global wealth management. If you turn to page two in our financial supplement, firm-wide revenues are $5.4 billion, including the negative impact of $2.3 billion as stated earlier from the tightening of Morgan Stanley’s credit spreads on certain long-term debt carried at fair value. Revenues included Smith Barney’s contribution to the joint venture for the month of June. Results also included net losses on firm-wide real estate expenses, aggregating $734 million. Non-interest expenses were $6 billion, up over 50% from the first quarter, largely driven by compensation, as we continue to invest in our people and talent as I discussed earlier. Non-interest expenses also increased due to the inclusion of both compensation and non-compensation expenses from Smith Barney. We continue to improve compensation, based on our estimate of full-year needs and competitive market pressures. Non-compensation expenses were $2.2 billion, up 19% from last quarter, driven by as I said, a number of discreet items, including integration costs from the joint venture, charges related to occupancy and the FDIC special assessment. If you turn to page 3 in the financial supplement. After significantly reducing our balance sheet in 2008, total assets increased to $677 billion at June 30, of which $158 billion is our liquidity pool. This is primarily driven by the increase in our client-financing businesses and the addition of assets from Smith Barney. We continue to keep a significant portion of our balance sheet in cash and equivalents as we believe maintaining strong liquidity is prudent in the current environment. Our capital ratios demonstrate the exceptional strength of our balance sheet. While we are still finalizing our calculations, we believe our Tier 1 ratio under Basel I will be 15.8%. Risk-weighted assets are expedited to be approximately $277 billion at June 30 and we expect our Tier 1 common ratio to be 8.3% and our tangible common equity to risk-weighted asset ratio to be 10.4%. Level 3 assets were $61 billion at June 30, representing approximately 9% of total assets. Now we turn to the businesses starting with page 5 of the supplement on institutional securities. Revenues of $3 billion include the $2.3 billion negative impact of credit spreads discussed earlier. Principal investment revenues were -$183 million. Write downs of $285 million in real estate and limited partnership interests were partially offset by gains in corporate private equity investments. Non-interest expenses were $3.3 billion in the 2nd quarter, off 58% from the 1st quarter, primarily on higher compensation. The business reported after all this a pre-tax loss of $307 million. If you turn to investment banking on page 6, our franchise reaffirmed its leadership position in the 2nd quarter, across M&A and equity and debt products and delivered a very strong performance. We were number one in announced global M&A and advised on four of the top 5 and 8 of the top 10 announced transactions in the first half of 2009. Significant 2nd quarter advisory assignments included, amongst many others, Rio Tinto $58 billion joint venture of DirecTV’s $14.5 billion merger with Liberty Media. This quarter, we gained share across capital markets, leading significant deals and demonstrated execution strength. We were a leader in helping financial institutions recapitalize, including equity capital raises for US Banc Corp, State Street and Sun Trust. We continue to lead significant deals in July, including advising General Motors in its emergence from bankruptcy and Rio Tinto’s $15.2 billion rights issue. Second quarter investment banking revenues of $1.1 billion were up 38% from the first quarter of this year, on the strength of underwriting across all regions and exclude fees associated with the issuance of our own equity and debt. Advisory revenues declined 35% sequentially, as overall M&A market volumes remained subdued. Equity underwriting revenues nearly tripled from the first quarter of this year and the surgent volumes driven primarily by the recapitalizations in financial institutions and rates. Underwriting revenues increased over 60% from the first quarter on higher investment grade, high yield and municipal issuance. Equity sales and trading revenues of $681 million were negatively impacted by $757 million from the narrowing of debt-related credit spreads on firm-issued structured notes. Cash equity revenues were up 11% from the first quarter of ’09, on higher commissions across all regions. Derivatives reported lower revenues, down 13% sequentially as decreased volatility created fewer trading opportunities, partially offset by higher client activity. Prime brokerage revenues improved 50% sequentially, from a shift in balance mix and increasing client balances. Average client balances increased 10% from last quarter, while balances in our top 50 accounts increased 16%. Fixed income sales and trading revenues of $973 million included losses of $1.3 billion from the narrowing of credit spreads of firm issued structured notes. Excluding this DVA, fixed income sales and trading revenues were up modestly from the first quarter of ’09 as weakness in commodities muted the results reported by interest rates, credit and currency. We were more constructive on the fixed income markets in the 2nd quarter, as evidenced by our strong results in credit trading. However, we have seen some relative underperformance in other areas. We are actively investing in our businesses and aggressively hiring key talent. Earlier this week, we announced that Jack DeMayo, a recognized name in fixed income, will be joining Morgan Stanley as global head of interest rate, credit and currency trading. We believe Jack is ideally suited to help us drive improved performance of our fixed-income business as we look to further strengthen our client flow businesses. Commodities reported weaker revenues consistent with the typical seasonal pattern, despite the weakness this quarter, year to date results were 6% ahead of last year. Excluding the DVA and commodities, fixed income revenues were up over 35% sequentially. Interest rate, credit and currency trading revenues combined, were up 16% sequentially on higher activity levels. Interest rate products reported a strong quarter, driven by market volatility. Credit trading revenues were up 12% sequentially. Within credit trading, credit corporates had a standout quarter, with revenues up 92% from the first quarter of this year, primarily from investment grade and distressed trading as the credit markets remained volatile on the increased market share. Currencies reported consistent revenues driven by market volatility. On a year to date basis, interest rate, credit and currency trading revenues combined were up 54%, with interest rate products up 99% and credit trading up 87%. Details on pages 14, 15 and 16 of the financial supplement are our mortgage related gross and net exposures. Aggregate mortgage-related net exposures were reduced from $9.1 billion to $7.9 billion during the quarter. Other sales and trading revenues benefitted from spread-tightening and valuation gains in our lending business, which includes leverage acquisition finance and relationship lending. Net gains in this quarter were approximately $600 million. However, these gains were offset by the combined impact of tightening credit spreads on Morgan Stanley’s debt, related to CIC’s investment of $195 million and other losses from hedging activities. Total average trading and non-trading value at risk increased to $154 million from $142 million last quarter, reflecting an increase on our non-trading VAR. Non-trading VAR increased to $108 million from $83 million, primarily as the result of increased lending exposure on higher market valuations. Average trading VAR declined to $113 million from $115, reflecting small declines in interest rates and commodity risk. Turning to page 8 of the supplement and our global wealth management business, the results of the Morgan Stanley - Smith Barney joint venture are now fully-consolidated within the statement, effective with its closing on May 31. Accordingly, this quarter included the joint venture results from the month of June as such comparisons to prior periods are not meaningful. Revenues were stable and consistent, despite the slowdown in the retail market. Non-interest expenses were $2 billion and included approximately $245 million of JEV-related integration costs, of which $124 million is compensation for replacement awards for Smith Barney employees, contributed to the joint venture. The cost of these replacement awards was fully-allocated to Citigroup’s non-controlling interest, although they do appear in our compensation expenses. Non-interest expenses also reflect $33 million of amortization of the previous announced FA retention awards, $29 million of amortization of intangibles related to the joint venture transaction and a $25 million FDIC special assessment charge on deposits. The business reported a pre-tax loss of $71 million. Excluding the JEV related integration costs, PBT was $174 million and PBT margin was 9%. On page 9, you can see the quarterly productivity metrics for the business. Prior periods have not been re-stated. The number of FA’s was 18,444 and total client assets were $1.4 trillion. Net new net asset outflows of $2 billion reflect continued outflows from legacy Smith Barney, that are trending down  from recent highs. Deposits in our bank deposit program now total $106 billion, of which just over $50 billion is held by Morgan Stanley banks. Turning to asset management on page 7 of the supplement, asset management had a pre-tax loss of $239 million, driven by real estate related losses within merchant banking, including $111 million pre-tax loss in present. Core asset management was profitable for the 2nd consecutive quarter. Overall, for the this segment, revenues of $575 million increased significantly from the 1st quarter of ’09 and were primarily driven by gains in SIB’s, gains in investments in our private equity and services products as well as gains in investments made in association with our employee deferred compensation and co-investment plans. Principal investment revenues included gains in our private equity, alternatives and other seed investments, partially offset by $154 million in real estate losses, of which $16 million were related to Crescent financial assets. Principal trading revenues were negative in the quarter as mark to market losses of $131 million on a lending facility to a real estate fund, sponsored by the firm and other real estate investment hedging losses, were partially offset by $128 million gain on the disposition of our remaining SIB positions that have been reflected on our balance sheet. Management and administration fees were 7% higher on a sequential basis, driven by a more favorable asset mix, despite near flat average asset balances. Non-interest expenses for asset management increased 29% from last quarter and include a $38 million impairment charge related to Crescent. The increase was primarily driven by higher compensation and higher revenues. Non-compensation expenses decreased 14% sequentially on lower impairment charges. Turning to pages 11 and 12 of the supplement, you can see the assets under management and asset flow data. Total assets under management increased to $361 billion during the quarter, as market appreciation of $30 billion was partially offset by $25 billion in net asset outflows. Nearly all of the quarterly outflows were not core business primarily from fixed income funds, which include our money market funds, which are the preponderance. The outflows in long term fixed income are related to our past performance issues as we reported last quarter, we continue to see our performance improve in these products. Outflows in equity are primarily related to manager changes and certain mandates moving from actively managed to passive products. We continue to see improved performance in our equity products, evidenced by an increase in the percent of assets performing in the top half of LIPA 1 and 3 year categories. Now we turn to page 17 of our financial supplement and look at our firm-wide real estate exposures. Our real estate gross asset exposure, as reflected in our statement of financial condition, which includes Crescent and other consolidated interests, investments in real estate and infrastructure funds and bridge financing, was $4.6 billion at the end of the quarter, down from $4.9 billion at the end of last quarter. Including $1.7 billion of contractual commitments and other arrangements with respect to these investments, our total exposure would be $6.3 billion. This exposure excludes assets in investments for the benefit of certain deferred employee compensation or co-investment plans. Now in summary, a few words on the outlook. As I said, 2009 continues to be a year of transition. There is some evidence of improving economic conditions, and we have become more constructive in the market. However, housing markets continue to be challenged and we expect the leveraging will be a multi-year process, as you as consumers undergo a shift in their behavior. But, there are bullish factors as well. Capacity has left our industry, corporates need to re-equitize, refinance and re-lever and clients need help in managing their risk. We are well-positioned with a favorable business mix and limited consumer exposure. This quarter, we did achieve a number of successes. In June, we were among the first financial institutions to repay TARP. Post-repayment, our capital ratios continue to be industry-leading and we are operating with excess capital. In May and June, we successfully completed 2 equity capital raises and 2 unguaranteed debt offerings. Morgan Stanley’s brand and client franchise were reaffirmed by the robust investor demand which included our international partners in Japan - MUFG and China – CIC. We are hiring in line with our strategic goal and we will continue to invest in talent for the balance of the year. Institutional securities, our core business, continues to demonstrate the strength of our leading client franchise. Investment banking exhibited strength in underwriting, prime brokerage, improves, lost and new custodial services through our trust company which will further drive continued gains in market share. Within fixed income, we have excellent results in credit trading and we are focused in adding talent, grow revenues and improve results in other areas. Global wealth management posted solid results despite the challenging retail environment. The close of our joint venture with Smith Barney was successfully accelerated and the integration is on track. We’ve established a multi-pronged approach to fixed asset management and have begun the execution phase. We merged two of our fund to fund businesses to form alternative investment partners with roughly $20 billion of alternative assets. This will drive expense efficiencies and ultimately improve margins. With innovative idea generation, leading sales and trading teams, trusted client relationships and enhanced risk-management, Morgan Stanley remains one of the only financial intermediaries with the scale, global footprint and range of capital markets expertise sought by institutional and retail clients worldwide. Thank you and with that, I’ll now take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And your first question will come from the line of Guy Moszkowski of Bank of America.
Guy Moszkowski: Good morning Colm.
Colm Kelleher: Hey Guy, how are you?
Guy Moszkowski: Good. First of all I was wondering if you could just walk through the components of the increases and decreases in both value per share over the quarter that allowed you to keep both value flat or actually slightly up in the quarter, despite the fact that you had about a $1.10 loss?
Colm Kelleher: I think if you begin with common equity of firm, of you know $29 billion, you have dividends of $1.4 billion, you have the common stock offerings of $6.9 billion, you have the gain on the MSA, the JEV, the Morgan Stanley-Smith Barney JEV of $1.7 and you have a small amount of orders of about a half a billion, you end up with (inaudible) interest. So you end up with $37 billion.
Guy Moszkowski: Right and fundamentally, most of what offset the net loss must have been the joint venture gain which didn’t go through the P&L right? Because the share issuance you did was basically at or below book.
Colm Kelleher: Correct.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay. I just wanted to make sure that I understood that. Can you talk about the change in the capital allocations on a unit by unit basis? Your institutional capital allocations fell by a couple of billion, it went up by a couple of billion in GWM and your unallocated, of course, because of the capital raise went up by almost $4 billion. But, in terms of the changes in the shift of the units, can you just talk about the increase in global wealth management and the decrease in the institutional business?
Colm Kelleher: Well, the increase in global wealth management is obviously taking on board the assets from Smith Barney in the joint venture and the increase in risk-weighted assets themselves. Within institutional securities the slight decline, actually is tied into the corollary of what happens with DVA. The debt valuation adjustment as that comes back. So that was really what the delta is, even though we took the balance sheet up.
Guy Moszkowski: Right, but you didn’t choose to roll any from the unallocated into the institutional business to make up for the DVA and I’m just sort of zeroing in on that, I guess.
Colm Kelleher: Well, it’s really a function of how much the business wanted to operate. So, Whilst we did increase as a proxy for economic capital if you want, in some of the businesses in other areas, we didn’t take as much risk as we could have done – which I alluded to before. So it was flat. That’s what happened. So we are positioned to put more capital into those businesses where we see the right returns on a risk-adjusted basis. And, you know, obviously in investment grade trading we did and in distressed debt we did, we could have applied more capital into the business in – for instance – interest rates and foreign exchange.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay. So we should sort of watch that space as the new management takes hold it sounds like?
Colm Kelleher: Yeah, I would hope that we are going to be applying more capital to those businesses, yes, correct.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay. Then turning to the joint venture I was wondering if you could help us understand how much of the increase in net revenues that we saw versus last quarter came from the increase in FAs due to the joint venture closing in the beginning of June, as we try to think about run rates for revenues. And, the same question really for core expenses.
Colm Kelleher: I think it’s just very difficult to do that. I don’t want to establish that precedent as we actually do have now a joint venture. So what I’d rather do it on a going forward basis, Guy, is just plot it that way.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay, fair enough. My final question is about the effective tax rate of 54%. You talked about a change in the geographic mix and change in use of tax credits. The geographic mix could be what it is, but 54% seems very high. Are you losing the usability of some tax credits or something that’s driving that very high tax rate?
Colm Kelleher: It’s a gain, isn’t it? Even though we have losses, we’ll be able to utilize tax credits in 2009 on a tax basis. So really it is a function of that. So the answer is no, we won’t.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glenn Shore of UBS.
Glenn Shore: Hello there.
Colm Kelleher: Hey Glenn.
Glenn Shore: Just piggy-backing on the wealth management appreciating not carving out the relative contribution, it maybe just a bottom line thing – do you look at the headcount in terms of FAs; a little more than 10,000 were added. Smith Barney had a lot more than that. I don’t know if that’s a timing thing or what contributes to that. And then, part 2 of that would be, is there any color commentary in terms of what pre-tax margins on any normalized basis look like inside wealth management? Is it tracking according to plan? You know, there were some modest net outflows in the quarter. I’m just trying to get any commentary because it’s a big part of your new identity. Just any color would be helpful.
Colm Kelleher: I think it’s very difficult Glenn and I’m not being evasive, because we’re trying to true up with the integration, with the merger actually completing ahead of time. Obviously, we have some lag in Smith Barney as people are leaving and then coming in and we have the compensation costs, which we’re adjusting across. So the way I would answer it is we’ve seen nothing in the integration that would derail our view of the merger. And, we expect the synergies and costs we would expect. Also, if I look at the numbers, if I look at the global wealth management group it self where we are in the add-ons, I don’t see any discrepancy in the numbers, as you describe. So I’d rather wait until next quarter when you can see it. Our margins remain solid on the line. What I don’t want to do is to get into the trap of describing Morgan Stanley versus Smith Barney, when it indeed is one company.
Glenn Shore: No worries, we can move on. The - inside asset management, the outflows are pretty brutal. You mentioned that there’s a pretty comprehensive view on a piece by piece basis, if you will, within asset management and you’re starting to execute on that. Is that something that would be shared with us or are we just expected to play out over time? In other words, when there was a wealth management cleanup program in place when James came on board, there was the pretty slide show that showed the next 2-3 years and you guys executed awesomely on it, right? It was easy for us to track. My gut tells me asset management is going to be a little bit more underneath the covers, but…
Colm Kelleher: I think that’s right, when you talk about our asset management business you’re talking about four businesses, so we have four plans, right? The merchant banking business, which is primarily a real estate business, is suffering cyclical threats. I think we’ve been very open on that. Then you have the core business - institutional and equities - which we believe we’ve taken costs out of. We’ve changed some management there; we got better managers in as well, performance is improving. And there’s the retail business, itself, right? We’ve had some performance issues. But, all of them have a common theme, which is cost control. I think we’ve agreed that asset management is strategically important to us. What we will do is give you more color on that going forward as of when we make any deviation from that plan itself.
Glenn Shore: Okay, cool. Maybe the last one is related to the comment you made on capacity – that it’s left. I agree, but it’s only left certain parts of the business. For instance, where we all sit in cash equity it’s probably as bad as ever. So, maybe as you re-shift and re-jigger on the heals of your Ray Rock announcement, if you rejigger what the fixed mostly, but the whole ISG platform is going to be versus where capacity has left, I just don’t know if capacity has left in the high-risk weighted asset businesses and therefore what you’re building is actually capacity hasn’t left that much. I don’t know if that question makes sense.
Colm Kelleher: I think it does make sense. I’m firmly of the opinion that capacity actually has gone out of the businesses that we actually ourselves have de-emphasized. So, structured products and things like that. I think the growth is coming in the traditional flow businesses. We’ve been always well-positioned for that so I think we will do well and that is built into our models. My concern about anything that moves away from flow structure is that it can bring with it quite a large regulatory tail risk, in terms of recomputation of risk-weighted assets, capital allocations and so on. It’s one of the reasons why we’re carrying some of the excess capital we’re carrying. I think we feel very confident. If you go back to the last 5 decades, Morgan Stanley has always been in the top rank of leading players. There clearly is a model change in the business. We’ve seen the de-emphasis of certain types of investors; we’ve seen the essential abolition of certain types of products. What we’re talking about it re-pointing the business to focus on what we’re good at, which is primarily flow businesses. I think the capacity has left there, as well. I think we will be well-positioned to take advantage of that and that’s an outfit that we will be able to trade.
Glenn Shore: Excellent. Thanks, Colm.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Howard Chen of Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen: Good morning Colm.
Colm Kelleher: Hey Howard.
Howard Chen: Thanks for taking my questions. Apologies if I missed this in the prepared remarks but, any more color you can provide on the hedging loss this quarter?
Colm Kelleher: There’s no basis risk in there by and large, right? We obviously have some losses from mark to market and movements on swaps and the re-designation of those hedges we mentioned last quarter related to our debt. But nothing significant. It was just a potpourri of stuff, if that makes sense.
Howard Chen: Okay, thanks. And then, just digging in on equity sales and trading, DVA aside, it sounds like you saw improvements within the cash equities business, prime brokerage, but was curious if you could provide any sense of what some of the offsets were during the quarter?
Colm Kelleher: There’s no real offsets. If you look at it, we actually have market share gains in what we call our delta one, our cash businesses and our financing businesses. We actually have some pretty good results in prime brokerage, just to give you some color there. A number of clients returned with balances in excesses of ½ billion dollars, since January 2nd our Tier 1 clients have increased 23%, whilst the Tier 4, which we have been trying to de-emphasize have decreased 14%. So our Tier 1 balances actually increased 14% in the 2nd quarter. So there’s a bit of a tail effect. That’s against a background, as you know, of redemptions earlier in the year. So we feel pretty comfortable that we’re re-sizing that business and making it was profitable as we thought we could. What really happened, I suppose if you look away from that downsizing of prime brokerage – which is coming back – is that in derivatives we weren’t as successful as we’ve been normally. And, we don’t think there’s anything there other than and absence of client flow in our case. But, I still think our equity numbers, whilst off a little bit, look reasonably solid.
Howard Chen: Okay, helpful color. Thanks, Colm. And then with respect to capital, you said in the past, you said again today, you believe the firm is overly capitalized. You’ve raised a significant amount of capital during the quarter, ratios are high. Is there any sense of where you’d like to target the Tier 1 or Tier 1 common in the intermediate term?
Colm Kelleher: Obviously we have internal targets, but I can’t give external targets because I’m really subject to what my regulators would like me to do. What’s clear though, just to talk about it, is that Tier 1 as a ratio has been augmented considerably by Tier 1 common. So, we obviously had a composition of capital mismatch which is why we did the common equity raises this quarter round. We now feel we’re very robust on Tier 1 common. I would suggest, without wanting to upset people, that we’ve probably got an excess of the hybrid type of capital in our Tier 1 capital ratio and over time, as markets normalize we would look to deal with that.
Howard Chen: Right. So as a follow up to that, Colm, assuming you are above your internal capital targets, then the first part of the question – what’s the priority? Is it dividend restoration? Share repurchase? Internal deployment or strategic acquisitions? And the 2nd part of the question, with respect to that capital composition part, do you think that potentially impedes your timing of letting some of that excess capital go, if you do in fact have it.
Colm Kelleher: Look, I think we’re reasonably under-levered at the moment. I think we can dedicate more capital to businesses. I think our balance sheet could be taken up higher. I’d like to deal with that first. I mean, any talk about repaying or buying back shares or increasing dividends at this stage are premature at this stage in the cycle. We’ll address that when we come to it.
Howard Chen: Okay. Then the final one for me, could you just provide us a sense with the marks, where they stand on the legacy assets for the quarter?
Colm Kelleher: Yeah, let me just get that for you. I’ll just run through them. CMBS bonds in the low to mid-forties in the US 32, in the UK 50. Senior commercial loans, low 80’s. Mezzanine commercial loans mid-forties. Alt Aim –mid-20’s. US and UK residential loans mid-60’s. Sub-prime ADS, CDO Mezz, low teens, our leverage finance portfolio is low ‘70s and our secondary loan portfolio would be mid-50’s. Is that okay?
Howard Chen: That’s great. Thanks so much for taking my questions, Colm.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Ramsden of Goldman Sachs.
Richard Ramsden: Hi, good morning.
Colm Kelleher: Hi, Richard.
Richard Ramsden: A couple of questions. The first is on the comp to revenue ratio; it’s come in at about 71%. I know you’ve talked about competitive market pressures in the press release. I’m just wondering is there anything structural that we should be aware of that’s impacting that number, such as higher fixed comp expenses than in the past?
Colm Kelleher: No, we did increase fixed comp for managing directors from $300,000 to $400,000. But I don’t mean that’s the main driver. First of all, 71% is our revenues which are being impacted by DVA. If you X the DVA out, we’re actually improving our comp to net revenue on an annualized basis at under 49%. So we have to be competitive. Now, clearly that’s the basis of our own revenue projection. If markets improve, then you can start scaling back a bit from what the revenue accrual would be. But clearly we’re not in normal markets yet, so to make long term assumptions about what revenue, what comp to net revenue should be at this stage.
Richard Ramsden: Okay, but on a look-forward basis, there’s no reason to believe that it should change from what it’s historically been? That would be a fair statement?
Colm Kelleher: I don’t know if that is a fair statement, Richard. I would suspect that on a look-forward basis in more normal environments, you would expect to see comp to revenue trending down.
Richard Ramsden: Okay. The second question is just more broadly on the institutional businesses. I know at the end of Q1 you did talk about increasing risk. That seems to have happened to a degree. I’m just wondering though, were there other factors during Q2 that impacted your risk appetite, such as the need to keep liquidities, repay TARP or the results of the stress test? Or was this kind of in line with what you were thinking at the end of Q1?
Colm Kelleher: No, I don’t think liquidity is impacting our ability to take risk. I mean, we’re very firm that we need to keep a pool of liquidity and that has a net carry drag, which I understand. But that is a relatively small price to pay for confident markets. I don’t think we’re totally out of the woods yet. No, we have the ability to take risk, as John mentioned in his comment, we can take risk. In those areas where we’ve taken it, we’ve actually done pretty well. It’s just a question of continuing to apply more economic capitals in businesses areas and take the right sort of risk. What I would always caution people of, is that we very much look at risk-adjusted returns. It’s not just a question of creating on a binary basis, and that’s the way we view things, it’s creating on the back of our customer flow and I think in certain areas we could have done a better job than we did and in some areas, we did do a good job.
Richard Ramsden: That’s great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo of CLSA.
Mike Mayo: Good morning.
Colm Kelleher: Hey Mike.
Mike Mayo: Can you talk about the investment banking backlog; where it stands relative to last quarter?
Colm Kelleher: Yeah. The IPO backlog is pretty strong. Let’s begin with the good stuff. The investment grade debt and high yield backlogs are strong and up from last quarter. But the investment banking backlog is down on the last quarter; but if you remember it’s been weak for a while. So, you know, I would say that M&A still looks as though its being somewhat challenged. I still believe that we’re primarily in an M&A triage environment. And, that’s the challenge we face. For that to improve, you’re going to have to see pretty unfettered access to the unsecured funding markets for that to come back and people feel that they can finance activities, Mike.
Mike Mayo: How much is that backlog down in aggregate? For underwriting and M&A?
Colm Kelleher: In aggregate, I would say we’re probably down from last quarter not too much, about 14%. But from last year, you know, obviously quite significant.
Mike Mayo: Sure. And as far as wealth management; do you have a little bit of buyer’s remorse? The only reason I say that is look at the net new assets being down 1% and I know you aren’t talking about the separate entities anymore, but the Smith Barney side seemed to be weaker than your side and that seems to be following through. Also, a related question – the net new assets, does that reflect only one month of Smith Barney outflows or would that be somehow restated for the full quarter?
Colm Kelleher: It reflects one month of outflows. We have absolutely no buyer’s remorse at all. We’re actually really comfortable with the acquisition, the joint venture itself. We’re very pleased with it.
Mike Mayo: But just the net new assets being down, can you give any additional color on that?
Colm Kelleher: I think there’s a lot of noise there, Mike. I think you’re going to have a much better sense of where we are next quarter, when things normalize. Remember, these were two companies going at different speeds, at different times when things came together. I think you’re just going to wait for things to settle down.
Mike Mayo: Okay. Last question – this is a general question – the sustainability of trading. You have to model that for your expense control. A related question to that is, how much of your difference versus peer is due to people? I know you made a management change. And, how much of it is due to the processes it self?
Colm Kelleher: I don’t think it’s structural, is the answer to the question. I think we punched below our weight. We have a very strong client footprint. We can predict a number of factors in terms of our forecast in expense control, all of which make me feel that in our case, they are certainly sustainable and can be better.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And the sustainability of trading? Is everyone going on vacation over the summer and the trading should be a lot less or is it still continuing into the quarter?
Colm Kelleher: It’s still continuing at the moment. Obviously, July began with the July the 4th weekend, but I see nothing yet that’s causing me grounds for concern.
Mike Mayo: And did that spread just as wide or getting a little narrower? We kind of have mixed signals from some of the comments so far.
Colm Kelleher: I don’t see any evidence of that Mike, at the moment. I’m sort of not hearing that from people.
Mike Mayo: Okay, thank you.
Colm Kelleher: That is anecdotal, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rodger Freeman of Barclays Capital.
Roger Freeman: Good morning Colm.
Colm Kelleher: Good morning Rodger.
Roger Freeman: I guess I wanted to come back to comp for a sec. if we look at SDBA as being calculated as something like 45% in the first quarter and then closer to 50% in the 2nd, and you talk about comp being driven by sort of competitive pressures and not referencing expectations for full-year revenues or profits. How do we sort of look at that? Is that step up to 2Q all a function of what we’re hearing is a much more competitive environment for hiring top talent. Is this 2Q sort of a run rate that we need to be thinking about?
Colm Kelleher: No, I think first of all, we’ve given additional disclosure this quarter. We’ve given you compensation for segments. You can say that we have our global wealth management asset manager security business. What I’m trying to point out to you all is that the nature of our compensation payout is changing. In the case of global wealth management, there’s much more of a grid structure of payout, which is not discretionary, it’s grid. With the institutional securities, you can work out what the ratios are as well. So I think we’re giving you more color so you can, rather than just looking at a blanket percentage which is comparing an apple to an orange in the case of some of our competitors, you’ll get a better handle. But clearly, we have to pay competitively. We are a preeminent investment banking franchise in our institutional securities business and we feel very confident about the prospects going forward. Now, obviously we’d like to have far more revenue that makes the compensation issue easy. But, in terms of competitive pressures, we’re clearly aware of that. We’re also very aware of the loyalty of the employees of this firm who have been here for a very long time. Hopefully, if you analyze the three segments, you get a clearer sense of what we’re doing with comp.
Roger Freeman: Right. Then I guess within equities trading – I guess what I’m curious about is with respect to your strong equity underwriting, I would have thought maybe you’d see strong trading on the back of that. I guess the question is what have the trends in facilitation been? Have you been committing much capital? Has there been a lot of demand? It seemed that’s really what drove Goldman’s trading line this quarter.
Colm Kelleher: Not significantly. I mean, the equity business, the way we run our equity business by and large, is slightly different from some others. We had clear gains in Delta 1, the commission driven business, we had clear gains in prime brokerage, relative to where we were. I would say if there’s one delta in equities, it’s the derivatives, which I said does not cause us a great deal of concern. So no, I think by the way – relative to our other peers – the numbers are not at all bad.
Roger Freeman: That’s true. And, on the derivatives side, were you long ball throughout the quarter?
Colm Kelleher: Actually, we were long-ball last year in the first quarter and the guys vey cleverly reduced that position and turned it.
Roger Freeman: Okay. And then, I guess on commercial real estate, I was looking inside of your real estate funds and asset management. It looks like there’s about a $5 billion decline in AUM related to write-downs; there’s $2 billion of outflows. So that’s like a 20% write down, if we did the math right? I guess my question is, if you look at sort of Crescent and your marks there are something like 8%, there’s a fairly large discrepancy. I understand Crescent’s held at cost but I guess my question and I asked this last quarter too, what would drive significant impairments there on your remaining exposures? Would it be financing related and if so, what do you have coming due on those properties this year and next?
Colm: It is financing related and primarily we do look at – we don’t talk about individual valuations per se. we have given you a lot of disclosure on Crescent. But remember that’s a gross not a net disclosure on Crescent. We do impairment tests and we have said that we have to consolidate the subsidiary, which is why it suffers the accounting treatment it does. So, I can’t add much more than that, Rodger.
Roger Freeman: Lastly, just within credit trading, was there much of a benefit from the decline in negative basis between cash and growth this quarter that would have benefitted the trading book?
Colm Kelleher: I wouldn’t be able to answer that question specifically. We saw very strong client flows in investment rate trading and we do see some good positioning profits as well. I think there was generally probably a narrowing of the spread. As regards to basis, I just can’t answer that specifically, I’m sorry.
Roger Freeman: Okay, thanks Colm.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meredith Whitney of Meredith Whitney Advisors.
Meredith Whitney: Hi, Colm. I have just a straight forward question. I’m sorry if you went through this. I see the footnote of the restatement of the EMEA revenues in the regional breakout, but if you could provide more color in terms of what happened in EMEA and just the run rate for the last two quarters? Forgive me if you already went over this.
Colm Kelleher: No, no, I didn’t actually; that’s a great question. What it is, is that all our DVA, our structured notes actually hits Europe. So if I was to do a back of the envelope recalculation, you’re basically talking about 53% Americas, 40% Europe, 7% Asia.
Meredith Whitney: Okay. So those two are, you could argue, one time hits? Those two quarter, the last two quarters?
Colm Kelleher: Well.
Meredith Whitney: Unusual items. Is that a better way of putting it?
Colm Kelleher: Unusual items. Listen, if you remember, our debt spreads widened out significantly in 2008, right? If you want, traded idiosyncratically toward the group. What’s happened is that as the more established spread has normalized, our spread has come back all the way now, so we are trading more or less the same as our competitors and better than some. So my view on DVA going forward is I can’t predict whether it’s going to go up or go down, but it will trade in line with the financial system itself, rather than the idiosyncratic pace of Morgan Stanley. Does that help?
Meredith Whitney: It does. I’m going to assume from your comments that EMEA starts to normalize on prospective quarters then, not from current levels.
Colm Kelleher: That’s right. Absolutely.
Meredith Whitney: My next question is just trying to push you a little bit further about your newly constructed view of the markets. What’s the time, your timing between when you start to really put not reallocation of capital, but actually add more leverage to business?
Colm Kelleher: First of all, I’m constructive, I wouldn’t say I’m bullish. I think the point is that we’ve always said that we felt we needed market stability to return to be able to allocate capital efficiently and properly. There are clear signs of market stability returning. First of all, you’re getting turn in the term financing markets, secondly you’re getting CP coming out, you’re getting access to unsecured debt. Funny enough, Morgan Stanley reopened the hybrid bank market yesterday. You probably saw that, where we did a deal for BB&T, which we totally pushed down our retail pipeline. Those things make me very constructive about the market itself, about the stability of the market. What I’m concerned about is the sort of macroeconomic picture, which is the consumer deleveraging which we spoke about. But now that we’ve got market stability, we feel much more positive about applying capital to segments and taking advantage of trades and we are there. This quarter, we did apply more capital to certain segments of the market and traded reasonably well. We could have traded better in one or two other areas.
Meredith Whitney: Okay. Thank you, Colm.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Hecht of KMP Securities.
Michael Hecht: Hey, Colm, how are you doing?
Colm Kelleher: Hey Michael, fine.
Michael Hecht: Just going back to the core performance in fixed this quarter, which I’m getting about $2.3 billion less the DVA’s, which I think was better than the first quarter, but still kind of billions less than your peers. As you guys invest here and increase your risk appetite, how should we think about the opportunity? I mean, something closer to the $4-7 billion per quarter your large peers like Goldman, Citi, BofA and JP Morgan have been earning each quarter?
Colm Kelleher: Clearly, we can do better. Despite our being more constructive in the market, some trading desks didn’t see the opportunities that our peers might have done. As a result, we didn’t take as much risk as we could have and as you can see, our trading bar is flat. Now, there may be some legacy issues for some of those people in terms of risk appetite, 4th quarter of ’08. But we’re beyond that. We’ve seen what other people are doing in the market. But what did we do in fixed income? Where we took more risk, we had strong return. We took incremental risk in applied capital and investment rate trades and distressed debt. We traded the mortgage area well. We report a very strong, we think possibly a top 3 investment rate distressed and mortgage trading revenues and we are seeing market share gains there. But clearly we need to apply that discipline to the areas where, although we’ve improved, we didn’t perform as well as we could and given that we have as good a client footprint as anybody and better than most, we think that is easily remedied. We’re addressing the flow and market share issues by hiring talent. We’re hiring more DNA, into rates and foreign exchange. We have made some management changes, but that was part of an ongoing process where we were talking about taking advantage of dislocation in the market to bring in improvement to bench and strengthen the bench. You know, we don’t think it’s a fundamental issue for us. It’s something we can easily address and have done before.
Michael Hecht: Okay. That’s fair enough. Just kind of broadly, can you speak a little bit more, a little more color on just the Smith Barney integration? I mean obviously it’s very early days but any kind of disappointments you can speak to on the technology side and talk to maybe your confidence in the expense synergies that you’ve laid our previously of around $1 billion and also as part of that, just broadly you feel broker retention is running versus your expectations.
Colm Kelleher: It’s really too soon, Michael and it would be misleading. I think some newspaper reports have been misleading. We are very confident in the integration. Everything is on plan. I would say in fact, if anything, we’re slightly more pleased than we though. We closed the deal earlier and we have no issues with retention. So I would rather hold off until next quarter when we can give you something more substantive on that. Now remember, we’ve closed this early, right? It’s a big achievement and there’s a lot of cleaning up here.
Michael Hecht: Yep, I agree. I saw that press article as well and I was kind of surprised because it seems like early days. Just the last one for me. Is there a way for us to think about potential DVA markdowns from here? I mean, you guys had about $6.4 billion in gains in ’07 and ’08. I think so far this year, including the piece that you took in December, reversals of about $4.1 billion. How do we think about the potential overhang for DVA? I understand it’s a function of where your spreads kind of go from here, but is there a cumulative amount of reversal we should think about?
Colm Kelleher: I can’t answer that. Well, I can answer it in one way. I think we’re now in line. Remember our DVA is based upon bond spreads, it’s not based on our bond spread, it’s not based on our CBS spread. We’re now in line with our nearest peers in the industry, broadly. So if DVA is going to come in, it’s because the whole financial system is being re-rated and viewed as a better credit. I’m assuming for that to happen, then things are getting generally better elsewhere. So I would hope that we would get some compensation write ups and positions we’ve got for some recovery. So all I would say in total is, I can’t predict what DVA will do, but I can tell you it is no longer and idiosyncratic issue for Morgan Stanley, we’re in line with the pack.
Michael Hecht: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We have time for one more question and that question will come from James Mitchell of Buckingham Research.
James Mitchell: Good morning. I’d like to follow up on the asset management business. What is the long term game plan there? Obviously, if you look at your scale, not that you’re sub-scale, but smaller than some of your peers, Merrill got out of this because of conflict with the large brokerage business and you certainly have some issues around performance and flows, is that something you want to scale up? Do you want to scale down? Would you consider acquisitions to bolster it longer term? Obviously in the near term, you’ve got your hands full. But, I’m just trying to think through the long term strategy in asset management. Thanks.
Colm Kelleher: As I said before, there are really four businesses there and you have to look at them individually. What we do believe is that the business broadly fits in to our wealth management, asset management strategy, where there are synergies and that makes sense. You know, our first job is to continue to do what we’re doing which is to improve performance and take out unnecessary costs. James Gorman, our co-president is specifically looking at the strategies in each of those segments. You know, we have looked and I’ve said to you before James, at a number of alternatives. Do we dispose of it? Do we do a contribution-type deal? Do we fix it ourselves? We’re very much focused on the latter, at the moment. I know it’s frustrating for you all, because it’s a slow thing to fix, but I have promised where we get improved performance and we make decisions supporting those businesses, we will keep you in touch.
James Mitchell: Is there any value in perhaps accelerating that, the acquisitions? Obviously a lot of the asset management companies themselves that are publicly traded have been hit pretty hard. As you mentioned, you have excess capital. Is there any appetite for that?
Colm Kelleher: Right now at the moment we’ve got a very strong view that we need to focus on what we have and make sure that it is efficient and making key hires for that. Obviously we’ll keep options open. But, our core case is to actually optimize what we have.
James Mitchell: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks.
Colm Kelleher: Thank you very much everybody.
Operator: There are no further questions. Gentlemen, do you have any closing remarks?
Colm Kelleher: No, thank you very much. Thank you for your time.
Operator.: This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-22 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Morgan Stanley conference call. The following is a live broadcast by Morgan Stanley and is provided as a courtesy. Please note that this call is being broadcast on the Internet through the company’s website at www.morganstanley.com. A replay of the call and webcast will be available through the company’s website and by phone through May 22, 2009. This presentation may contain forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made, which reflect managements’ current estimates, projections, expectations or belief and which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. For a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of the company, please see the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended November 30, 2008 and the company's current reports on Form 8-K. The presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our current reports on Form 8-K, which are available on our website www.morganstanley.com. Any recording, rebroadcast, or other use of this presentation in whole or in part is strictly prohibited without prior written consent of Morgan Stanley. This presentation is copyrighted and proprietary to Morgan Stanley. At this time, I’d like to turn the program over to Colm Kelleher for today’s call.
Colm Kelleher: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Today we will review our quarterly results and provide an update on our strategic initiatives. We've been firm in our view that 2009 would be a year of transition and the first quarter reflects that cautious view. For the calendar quarter ended March 31, we reported a net loss of $0.57 per share, excluding the impact of Morgan Stanley's debt related credit spreads earnings per share, would have been positive $0.37. While the rebound in our bond prices drove the loss this quarter, this movement demonstrates the market's confidence and Morgan Stanley's financial strength is an important validation of our franchise. As you know, the first quarter was punctuated by ongoing government policy to promote market stability, while these efforts have had some positive impact, economic conditions are still uncertain. Our economists forecast a base case contraction in world GDP of roughly 2% for 2009 the first decline in more than 60 years. Market conditions continue to be erratic in the quarter and real estate markets deteriorated significantly around the world. Morgan Stanley is a strong beneficiary of the changing competitive landscape as a dominant industry participant with robust capital levels. We are well positioned for recovery in the global capital markets and are not limited by a large loan portfolio or direct consumer exposure. Already we are experiencing better pricing and market share gains across our principal businesses resulting in good operating earnings this quarter. As we navigate these markets, we are executing on a number of strategic initiatives that position us for out performance. Within institutional securities, we continue to target our capital on a risk-adjusted basis, and we remain focused on reducing legacy positions. In March, we signed a memorandum of understanding with MUFG to combine our Japanese securities businesses creating the third largest brokerage franchise in Japan with dominant market presence and global reach. The MUFG joint venture will form a preeminent leader in both M&A and debt financing with full year pro forma 2008 operating revenues of $2.5 billion. This partnership underscores our strong global commitment and our goal of continuing to realize attractive growth opportunities. In January, as you are well aware we announced the formation of a joint venture with Smith Barney creating the largest wealth management firm. The integration is on schedule and we expect the deal to close in the third quarter ’09 if not sooner. Asset management continues to be constrained by poor performance and the downturn in real estate. Turning around this business remains a top priority. We are upgrading investment talent and have implemented a number of cost initiatives. In November, we committed $2 billion in firm-wide cost savings for 2009. In the first quarter, we made significant progress towards achieving this goal. Compensation expense excluding severance was down 47% from a year ago as we managed compensation to reflect the lower revenue environment as well as significant headcount reductions. We reduced non-compensation expenses by 9% from a year-ago driven by lower brokerage and clearing expenses from lower activity and tighter expense controls around professional services and business development globally. Now, turning to our consolidated results. We continue to demonstrate strength in our industry leading business including commodities, foreign exchange, interest rates, equity derivatives, investment banking, and global wealth management. In accordance with SEC guidelines, we recasted 2008 to a calendar year. This enhanced disclosure facilitates comparisons across quarters and amongst our bank holding company peers. This quarter we are providing even greater transparency in our financial supplement by including firm-wide real estate investment exposures and their corresponding P&L impact, tangible common equity, a currently popular measure and tangible book value per share. Turning to page two in our financial supplement firm-wide revenues of $3 billion including the negative impact of $1.5 billion from the tightening of Morgan Stanley’s credit spreads on certain long-term debt carried at fair value. Net losses on firm-wide real estate investments aggregated a $1 billion, which had a sizable impact in our results. Loss results in the quarter reflect mark-to-market volatility, Morgan Stanley operates and will continue to operate under fair value accounting rules using conservative assumptions. We believe fair value accounting provides the best assessment of our business both in terms of our results and balance sheet. And whilst we did not early adopt the provisions of FASB Staff Position 157-4, we do not expect any impact on our application of mark-to-market accounting upon adoption in the second quarter. Turning to page three in the financial supplement, you will see that after significantly reducing our balance sheet in 2008 total assets declined to $626 billion at March 31 of which a $152 billion is all liquidity billed. Nearly one quarter of our balance sheet was in cash and cash equivalents this quarter and although this creates a noticeable drag to our earnings, we believe that maintaining a strong liquidity position is currently the most prudent approach. Our capital ratios demonstrate the exceptional strength of our balance sheet, this quarter we moved to Basel I on the Fed guidelines. While we are still finalizing our calculations, we believe our Tier 1 ratio under Basel I will be 16.4%, excluding TARP capital, our ratio would be 12.9%. Risk-weighted assets under Basel I are expected to be approximately $287 billion, at March 31. The tangible common equity to tangible asset ratio was 4.3% in the first quarter, as you can in our supplement on page three this ratio was continually improved over the last five consecutive quarters. Additionally, our tangible common equity to risk weighted asset ratio was 9.3%. The absolute level of our level three assets are down at March 31 and represents approximately a 11% of total assets, but clearly that is on a much smaller balance sheet. Our funding strategy remains to increase the stable share of funding to roughly 50% of total assets as we further diversify both our sources of funding and our business mix. This quarter we continue to make significant progress towards achieving this goal. At the end of the first quarter, we were at 44% up from 36% at November month end. The increase was primarily driven by firm-wide deposits, which was $60 billion at quarter end up from $43 billion at November month end. Now, let's turn to the businesses. Starting with institutional securities detailed on page five of the supplement. Revenues of $1.7 billion includes the negative impact of credit spreads discussed earlier. In additional principal investment revenues were negative $791 million, the majority of which relates to write-downs in real estate limited partnership interest. Non-interest expenses were $2.1 billion in the first quarter of ’09, 34% below the average quarter in 2008. Inclusive of the impact of Morgan Stanley’s debt related credit spreads, the business reported a pre-tax loss of $434 million. Turning to investment banking on page six, notwithstanding the challenging market conditions, our franchise remained active and delivered a strong performance. We experienced a strong improvement in market share resulting in top ranking in the lead tables across a number of categories. We were number one in announced global M&A, our consistent measurement and advised the largest M&A transaction to the industry including Pfizer's acquisition of Wyeth, Merck's acquisition of Schering-Plough and Rio Tinto's strategic relationship with Chinalco. We led the reopening of the IPO market with Mead Johnson, the first since November and largest since April 2008. Significant underwriting transactions included concurrent common and convertible debt offerings for Alcoa and Autoliv and GE's capitals unsecured debt offering. The capital markets have remained active in April, we continue to lead significant deals. For instance, we led the IPO for Rosetta Stone, which is the first IPO to price above its filing range in a year. Convertible issuance has had a strong start and we are currently number one in the global convertible lead tables. In the debt markets, Morgan Stanley led offerings including Crown Castle, the largest sole managed high yield bonds since November '07 and a bond offering for Rio Tinto, which is one of the largest investment grade transactions in the second quarter thus far. First quarter investment banking revenues of $812 million were up 33% from the fourth quarter of last year, but driven by increases in all products and regions. Advisory revenues increased 12% sequentially on strength in the U.S. and Asia, even though overall market M&A volumes remained subdued. Equity underwriting revenues were up 14% from the fourth quarter, driven by rights issue activity in Europe. Fixed income underwriting revenues more than doubled on increased investment grade bond issuance and loan fees. Equity sales and trading revenue of $877 million were negatively impacted by $555 million from the narrowing of debt related credit spreads on firm issued structured notes. Prime brokerage core revenues and paradigm client balances were relatively unchanged from the fourth quarter reflecting a stabilization of this business. Revenues were flat driven by a shift in balance mix despite a decline in average client balances. This decrease was inline with the overall contraction of the hedge fund industry. However, client balances of our top 50 accounts increased 10% in the first quarter of ’09 have continued to grow in April. Our industry leading prime brokerage platform continues to provide innovative client solutions such as our tri-party trust structures. Cash equity revenues were down 10% from last quarter, driven by low market volumes and notionals in Europe. Derivatives reported a solid quarter on continued volatility, although client activity remained lower than 2008 levels. Our quantitative strategies were a positive contributor in the quarter. Fixed income sales and trade revenues of $1.3 billion were reduced by $980 million from the narrowing of credit spreads and firm issued structured notes. Excluding this fixed income demonstrated strength across all businesses relative to 2008. Commodities reported one of its best quarters on wider margins and healthy customer activity driving broad based strength across all segments and regions. Trading revenues was strong across all desks. Interest rate growth and currency trading revenues combined were up substantially from the last quarter on strong volumes. Interest rate products reported an exceptional quarter on high volumes and wider spreads. Revenues were up over 150% from the quarterly average of last year. Currency had a strong quarter benefiting from market volatility and strong customer activity. Emerging markets recorded losses on the continued deterioration of Eastern European credit markets. Credit trading reported very strong positive results, compared to a loss in the fourth quarter reflecting higher customer activity levels and favorable positioning on credit spreads. Detailed on pages 14, 15 and 16 of the financial supplement are our mortgage related gross and net exposures. On page 14, you will see that we have streamlined our presentation given the remaining magnitude of our U.S. sub-prime exposures. Simply put, all information previously contained in this analysis, have been aggregated into one schedule. We have combined our ABS, CDO sub-prime positions, with the investment grade rated sub-prime exposures in our subsidiary banks. Our super senior mezzanine net exposure remains zero, $300 million in loss was driven entirely by the investment portfolio in our subsidiary banks included within other sales and trading. On page 15, within non-sub-prime residential mortgage, we reduced our gross exposure by 8% and our net exposure by 18% in December. These exposures include Alt-A, which declined further to $1.2 billion. Overall net write-downs and losses were $200 million. On page 16, within CMBS commercial home loans, our gross exposure remained relatively unchanged. Lastly, we reduced aggregate commercial loans, CMBS bonds and warehouse lines on a gross basis by 15%. Our total net exposure increased as we continue to take CMBS directional positioning as we have informed you in the previous two quarters. Overall, we recorded a net gain of $600 million. Other sales and trading revenues of negative $808 million were primarily driven by our lending businesses, which includes leverage acquisition, finance, and relationship lending.  Net losses here were $437 million. We continue to reduce our non-investment grade leverage acquisition portfolio, which is now $4.2 billion as you can see in the footnote in page seven of the financial supplement. Also included in other sales and trading are losses of approximately $200 million from the investment portfolio in our subsidiary banks. This includes losses of $300 million related to sub-prime securities that I mentioned earlier partly offset by gains of a $100 million in non-sub-prime securities. Total average trading and non-trading Value-at-Risk, VaR increased to $142 million from a $129 million in the fourth quarter. Trading VaR increased to $115 million from $105 million primarily driven by higher levels of market volatility. Non-trading VaR increased to $83 million from $66 million driven by widening credits spreads and higher spread volatility. Turning to the page eight of supplement in our Global Wealth Management business, revenues was stable despite the slowdown in the retail market. Those revenues of $1.3 billion increased 2% from the fourth quarter of last year reflects an increase in principal trading revenues partly offset by lower commissions and fees. Principal trading revenues were higher primarily due to strong fixed income trading activity. Non-interest expenses were relative flat sequentially excluding a $177 million of expenses related to auction rate securities from the fourth quarter of last year. Progress from our cost reduction initiatives was offset by higher compensation expenses, profit before tax of $190 million and the PBT margin was 9% for the quarter, but excluding approximately $39 million on a JV related integration costs, PBT margin was actually 12%. On page nine, you can see the productivity metrics. Total client assets decreased 5% as market levels continue to decline during the quarter. Net new assets were $3 billion our bank deposits grew substantially over the last quarter to $47 billion as clients moved more of their assets to cash. The number of FAs was down slightly for the quarter as we hired fewer trainees in anticipation of a joint venture with Smith Barney. Turning to asset management to page 10 of the supplement. Asset management was a pre-tax loss of $559 million driven by investment losses within merchant banking about $310 million pre-tax loss on credits. Core asset management revenues return to profitability in the first quarter, revenues increased substantially from last quarter due to lower investment losses and gain from sales. Management and administration fees declined resulting from lower average assets under management. Merchant banking revenues were negative, $319 million included, principle investment losses of $374 million in real estate including $99 million on Crescent financial assets and $56 million on private equity investments. Non-interest expenses for asset management decreased 24% from the fourth quarter of last year and included an $131 million impairment charge related to Crescent. Excluding Crescent impairment charges in both quarters, non-compensation expenses declined 38% sequentially driven by our cost reduction initiatives. Turning to pages 11 and 12 of the supplement you can see the assets under management and asset flow data. Total assets under management decreased 12% to $356 billion during the quarter from a continued decline in global financial markets and net asset outflows. Virtually all of the quarterly outflows were not core business, primarily from fixed income funds, which include our money market funds. Equity performance had a significant rebounce to U.S. and global growth strategies year-to-date, and we continue to see good long-term performance in small cap, large cap value and international equity. We have also seen significant improvements year-to-date in the global fixed income performance against our peer group. This improvement is largely due to restructuring of the portfolios of some key staffing changes. As I mentioned earlier, we are providing additional disclosure on our firm-wide real estate exposure on page 17 of the supplement. Our total real estate gross exposure as reflected on our statement of financial condition, which includes Crescent and another consolidated interest, direct investments and real estate and infrastructure bonds and bridge financing was $4.9 billion at the end of the quarter. Including $1.9 billion of contractual commitment, our total exposure will be $6.8 billion. This exposure excludes assets and investments for the benefit of certain deferred employee compensation or co-investment plans. On page 19 of the financial supplement, we have reported the results for the stub month of December. We reported a net loss from continuing operations of $1.62 per share. As you know, December was particularly difficult for the industry as the extreme market conditions experienced in November extended into December. The loss was principally due to fixed income sales and trading losses specifically in credit products and leverage lending. Along with extreme movements in our debt related credit spreads, trading losses in November and December drove the dramatic swing in our recast results, which you will see in the supplement during the third quarter and the fourth quarter of ’08. Q1 ’09 results include a $331 million income tax benefit resulting from the repatriation of non-U.S. earnings with tax rates lower than those previously estimated. Excluding this the effective tax rate was 41%. Preferred dividends and other related charges of $401 million reduced earnings by approximately $0.40 in the first quarter of ’09. The Board of Directors approved a reduction of our quarterly dividend of $0.05 from $0.27 enhancing our already strong capital position. Now just a few words on the outlook. Global financial markets were in the midst of a profound cyclical and structural change, which will likely continue through 2009. While banks have made significant progress in de-leveraging, the process of consumer de-leveraging will take time. In order to move towards the constructive environment we must see a deceleration in credit related losses and a significant reduction in funding costs. Government coordination globally is critical in accomplishing this. We are uniquely positioned to benefit from the changes transforming our industry. Despite near-term headwinds, we are gaining market share and executing on our strategy. Institutional securities remains core to the franchise with a range of industry-leading businesses benefiting from market share gains and improved pricing power. The Morgan Stanley-Smith Barney joint venture is a game changer, it contributes the quality and diversification of our earnings and is a significant differentiator of our distribution network and we are confident we can fix asset management. While we remain cautious we are capitalizing on our dominant position for long-term out performance. We are one of the only financial intermediaries with the scale, global footprint, and range of capital market expertise sought by institutional and retail clients worldwide. And with that, I would now take your questions. Thank you for listening.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And your first question will come from the line of Mike Mayo. Please proceed.
Mike Mayo: Good morning.
Colm Kelleher: Hi Mike.
Mike Mayo: Could you comment on your appetite on returning TARP capital if you are able to do it are you ready to do it and do you think you'll be able to do it?
Colm Kelleher: First let me say that our Tier 1 capital ratio on the Basel I is 16.4%, excluding TARP capital is 12.9%. Our tangible common equity to risk weighted asset ratio is 9.3%. We're more than comfortable with all these numbers. Having said that, we await the results of the stress test and guidance from our regulators as to what they will permit us to do. This is a topic of great debate at this point by many parties and much comment has been made. All that we will say is that after the completion of the stress assessment if permitted and supported by our supervisors, we would like to consider the repayment of TARP capital, we would like to repay TARP capital.
Mike Mayo: And then a separate question on kind of potential structural changes that you have, you ramped up deposits you said from $43 billion to $60 billion, what's your appetite in buying say a regional bank and then separately your joint venture with Smith Barney it looks like Smith Barney had $40 billion of client outflows in the first quarter. How do you think about that if your partner might not to be as strong as you thought before?
Colm Kelleher: Well, there are two very different questions there, Mike. So, let me deal with them. Our retail banking strategy is very much a function of being supplementary and complementary to what we do in Global Wealth Management, it needs to feed into a high network strategy, which we are being consistent. So, of course we will look at things that fit into that strategy, right? So, I think that answers the question one and we have been quite clear on it. On the Smith Barney, they clearly are having some attrition, but if I look at the Barron's survey of the top 100 FAs we have, a huge amount of those, 33 of those are actually Morgan Stanley and Smith Barney I think of the top 10, eight are Morgan Stanley and Smith Barney. So, there will be some attrition at the lower levels. We look at the top quintiles and so on. What we are absolutely confident about is that when you merge these institutions together, you will get the synergies and economies that we spoke about and you’ll get incremental profit margin because it is a scale business. So, you would expect some attrition in the merger, but the attrition we are seeing is not a concern to us.
Mike Mayo: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Kian Abouhossein from JPMorgan.
Kian Abouhossein: Yes. Hi. The first question is regarding your number of shares, can you just explain the increase quarter-on-quarter?
Colm Kelleher: I don’t think it's significant at all, there will be some employee, let me just have a look at that, period end shares was a little bit from the ICP programs that were coming through, but I have its 1074 with December ’08 and 1081 now. So, its all ICP related.
Kian Abouhossein: Okay. On the mark-to-market of the, your real estate write-downs, can you discuss how we should look at that going forward?
Colm Kelleher: Well mark-to-market as you know, Kian is mark-to-market I can't give particular evaluations. So, the only way I would discuss it is, is that there are few issues, first of all Crescent is a fully consolidated subsidiary, our results include all of the revenues and expenses there that includes impairments, sales of certain assets and so on. Remember that I previously told you that approximately $0.90 loss of Crescent, which is in the schedule, their assets are held at cost, which is subject to depreciation unless we have impairments on sales and so on. On the rest of it, which is fair value, we do that on, test disposals and so on. So, we are giving you a schedule that gives you all of those real estate exposures in terms of all I can say about I’m confident with evaluations at March 31 are inline with what we have given you, the exposure we are giving you, you then make your own assessments going forward.
Kian Abouhossein: And on the movement of revenues, can you talk a little bit about months-on-months in fixed income and equity?
Colm Kelleher: Sure. You mean the trend of revenues.
Kian Abouhossein: Yes, please.
Colm Kelleher: Okay. Look January was the strong month. February was less strong, but pretty fine and we were not comfortable predicting the quarter at that point because we've seen volatility in the past and March was a weak month and as you know, you tend to get a pact of things being said at the end of certain months. In this case at the end of March, we have some recovery on the back of Fed TALF announcements, but up to that point it was very thin volume. What I do can say is that our customer volumes were robust across most asset classes and showed signs of increasing market share through the period.
Kian Abouhossein: And can you give us an idea of how much of the first quarter revenues in fixed income equities was related to hedging or prop gains and some of it I assume coming back from the fourth quarter?
Colm Kelleher: Nothing came back from the fourth quarter. As far as I’m concerned, our core operating revenues are very much a function of flow, and I didn’t get anything specific from hedging gains.
Kian Abouhossein: Okay. Thank you very much.
Colm Kelleher: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Guy Moszkowski from Banc of America Securities.
Guy Moszkowski: Yes, good morning.
Colm Kelleher: Hi, Guy.
Guy Moszkowski: You talked a little bit about the CMBS revenues, but I just wanted to drill in on that a bit more, you generated about $1.5 billion in net revenues from your hedges in the quarter it looked like, if I interpret the table correctly, after making about 2.5 billion on that last year, clearly good risk management results, which made the CRE P&L positive in both periods, but I also noticed that you reduced your overall hedging in the quarter by about 2 billion and as a result I think you alluded to your net CRE positions did bump up at the end of the period. Maybe you can talk a little bit about in particular the reduction in hedges?
Colm Kelleher: Well that’s interpretive, as I said you in previous quarters, while we are actually managing down our gross exposure in CMBS with bond, loans, and the warehouse line is down 15% at March 31. With the widening spreads and the volatility we saw in the marketplace, we have actually acted upon opportunities within these asset classes to take directional positions from which we benefited and I think I alerted you last year to the fact that that schedule would show trading activity and you'd have to look it on a line-by-line item.
Guy Moszkowski: Yeah. No, fair enough. Just wanted to follow-up on that and make sure that I understood that correctly?
Colm Kelleher: It is true, Guy, yeah.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay. I also noticed that real estate equity exposure on the P&L, sorry I noticed that your real estate equity exposure only fell by about $200 million even though the P&L was a negative $1 billion are you actively adding to your exposure in funds in Crescent or is there something else that would explain that?
Colm Kelleher: I think the combination of losses recognized partly offset by additional investments, we disclosed our commitments during the quarter. Principally those committed capital caused by the funds has kept that balance relatively consistent between December 31 and March 31. So, we actually do show you the disclosure and the commitments. Yeah.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay. That makes sense. On fixed-income and maybe I'm not really looking at this the right way, but if I do a quick adjustment of your fixed-income revenues by aggregating the other, which as I think you pointed out is largely credit portfolio. And then adding back the related fair value of the debt mark and all the other identified marks that you gave us in the quarter
Colm Kelleher: Yeah.
Guy Moszkowski: And if I compare it to similarly adjusted figures for your main competitors, it still seems like you are running significantly lower than Goldman, Citi or JPMorgan. And I am wondering despite the fact that you say that you're seeing improvement in market share, whether there is something in terms of risk appetite or something else, which might be driving that?
Colm Kelleher: Yeah, definitely it is about risk appetite look at our VaR numbers, which is significantly lower, look at our balance sheet, I mean we did not see on a risk adjusted return basis this quarter the sort of opportunities that others may or may not have seen. We have been clear that we will take risk, when we take the risk adjusted return appetite is a warrant to that and that is reflected in VaR numbers, balance sheet, and position. What I can tell you is we know, what our market shares are and we feel comfortable in making the statements we've made.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay, that's fair. And then just finally one update, do you have an update on the pro forma impact of the Smith Barney joint venture on book value and tangible book value per share?
Colm Kelleher: Yeah. Well we are currently at the end of the quarter, tangible book value per share at $24.65. We think that tangible book pro forma would be $22.20, but our value per share would go from $27.35 to $28.99.
Guy Moszkowski: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Howard Chen from Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen: Good morning, Colm.
Colm Kelleher: Good morning, Howard.
Howard Chen: Thanks for taking my questions. First, could you provide us with where your marks stands for commercial real estate, residential real estate, and leveraged loans at the end of the March quarter?
Colm Kelleher: Sure. Well, CMBS bonds will trade are marked in the mid-40s, mezzanine commercial loans are marked in the low-50s, Alt-As are marked in the mid-20s, sub-prime maybe as CDO mezzanine in the low teens and legacy last leverage finance, acquisition finance, portfolio loans are valued in the low 60s. Have I missed anything?
Howard Chen: No. I think that covers it all from my end, thanks. And then Colm, could you provide us with respect to the December stub months in more detail on magnitude of the debt spread gains and potential write putdowns that you may have taken in that month?
Colm Kelleher: Sure, basically it’s a $1 billion of write-downs in leveraged lending write-downs and resi and commercial mortgage loan write-downs, then we have the best part of $300 million in DVA.
Howard Chen: Okay. And then finally from my end, how should we think about competition accrual going forward I know there is a bunch of moving parts to the P&L this quarter and just wanted to get your sense of how that maybe smooths out or changes over the course of the year?
Colm Kelleher: Sure. Well I mean in compensation we look at a predictive basis on how we are going to pay people during the year right. So, consistent with our policy our compensation accrual is a result of our best estimate of compensation at year-end considering our results, market environment and accrued based upon quarterly revenue. Now, so this quarter we are expecting the trajectory of our revenues to improve during the year, we are comfortable that we will pay competitively based on the market obviously estimating compensation have been difficult. So, yeah, away from that is there anything else you want to know?
Howard Chen: No, I think that covers it. Thanks Colm.
Colm Kelleher: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Steve Stelmach from Friedman, Billings, and Ramsey. Please proceed.
Steve Stelmach: Hi good morning.
Colm Kelleher: Good morning.
Steve Stelmach: Just real quick, you've indicated in the past that you may contemplate issuing non-guaranteed debt?
Colm Kelleher: Yes.
Steve Stelmach: Is that a condition of repaying TARP?
Colm Kelleher: No.
Steve Stelmach: No. Okay. And then secondly, why would you issue the non-guaranteed debt presumably if that is a higher cost of funding. Are you running out of capacity there or is that just… [Multiple Speakers]
Colm Kelleher: No, not actually there is anything I have excess liquidity Steve, the issue is really a signaling thing, we need to get the unsecured markets reopened, there are really being two deals done by two competitors and, obviously people are paying as you’re intimating relatively high spreads for that, but I think its important to show that the unsecured markets will reopen.
Steve Stelmach: Okay, great. And then in your prepared remarks just lastly, you mentioned the de-leveraging of the consumer and presumably that’s baked into, your expectations for the joint venture. How should we think about that impact on the retail brokerage unit, is it just a matter of the mix of assets, what investors will choose to invest in or is it lower assets under management, how should we think about that phenomenon?
Colm Kelleher: Well I think it is baked, it is certainly baked into the consideration we paid as a price, but actually the attraction of the Global Wealth Management business is that it's an economy of scale the more scale you have the more you can reduce your cost basis and you can actually get attractive PBT margins on that base. So, we have a forecast reduction in revenues, but it is more than offset by the economies of scale itself.
Steve Stelmach: Perfect. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Chris Kotowski from Oppenheimer. Please proceed.
Chris Kotowski: Hi, a couple of little questions. First, as I noticed there are sort of a shift out of net interest income into trading income  it looks like and I was wondering especially with, the extra free funds as it were from the preferred going up I would have thought net interest income all things being equal should have been higher and I was wondering is there something to that, is there a fundamental reason for that?
Colm Kelleher: Well I think it's really the problem is that we're a strange animal we're not a bank. And, as we are moving towards being a bank, I mean we are a bank that can be wrong, we are a bank holding company, but the core of our business is institutional securities, so you would not see similar trends from a commercial bank. And I think that's something we just have to try and explain a bit more, but nothing untoward in that at all Chris.
Chris Kotowski: Okay. And then also you talked before about interest in acquiring a branch system. Can you talk about your appetite for assuming credit risk in a big loan portfolio in any kind of acquisition like that?
Colm Kelleher: Sure, we haven't spoken about an interest in acquisitions of branches. We actually have a branch system of a 1,000 branches in a pro forma basis with Smith Barney, what we spoken about is that we will acquire things in so far as they add to our high network strategy within Global Wealth Management. We're really not in the business of adding to loan exposures, except for what will support our existing business and clearly defined strategy.
Chris Kotowski: Okay, good. And then finally the tax rate of 41% is that something we should be using going forward or is – was that abnormally high and why?
Colm Kelleher: Well, it is our best guess of where we are at the moment based upon our regional split of revenues and other tax planning strategies we have been doing.
Chris Kotowski: Okay.  Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Roger Freeman from Barclays Capital.
Roger Freeman: Hi, good morning Colm.
Colm Kelleher: Hi Roger. How are you?
Roger Freeman: Good, thanks. Just wanted to come back to elaborate on a few other questions that have asked. So, I guess first within fixed-income trading, how do you think about sort of your risk taking appetite going forward, it sounds like, you may move to more risk loving position, which you always stay in subsequent quarters if markets improve, but actually, just the question here is how much risk actually had to be taken this quarter to make money because lot of what we hear is that, which is a wide bid add spreads and descent client flow generated pretty healthy profit and it really wasn’t about taking a lot of risk, so any thoughts around that?
Colm Kelleher: Well, look I mean I would just repeat what I've said earlier, Roger, and I don't want to call anybody else it's a question of interpretation. If I look at our market share, which we can measure on various markets, we gain market share into markets broadly, I mean we see that in investment grade credits, we see that in interest rate flow, we see that in commodities and so on. Right. So, we certainly are getting our share and increasing share in the flow businesses. We are prepared to take more risk to support our client businesses, but it has not impacted our share of the flow in our opinion. So, moving forward when we feel on a risk-adjusted basis if warrants taking more risk we will do that.
Roger Freeman: Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks. And then I guess in the equities business, can you comment on some of things that contributed to some weaker spots there, you mentioned equity volumes being down, I mean actually equity volumes were up 4% sequentially from the fourth quarter, I guess is that a comment about the flow you saw across your desk? I know more flows…
Colm Kelleher: I think it’s more about the flow across our desk. It's also really a comment on the absence of hedge funds in the market to a large extent and the prime brokerage revenues. Prime brokerage revenues have traditionally been a reasonable chunk of our business, as you know we’re resizing that business, our market share has slipped we said at the end of the third quarter earnings call we were moving away from a market share strategy to a much more contiguous strategy and that's what we’re doing. And as I’ve said we seen evidence that our balances from our strategic or contiguous clients are coming back up. So, I expect that that will improve over time within a resized prime brokerage business, given the constraints of our balance sheet, which you have also been clear about.
Roger Freeman: Did you say the balances there earlier were actually flat sequentially and primarily…
Colm Kelleher: Yeah pretty much flat sequentially, but what's interesting is in the end of March and beginning of April, we've started seeing increases in those balances from our major accounts. Now, our balances were flat, but you go to see that in the context of a market, during the first quarter there were significant redemptions from hedge funds that would seem to imply that relative to the market we were increasing share from our low point.
Roger Freeman: Okay. And then, given the marks that you just disclosed in I think Howard's question. What are your thoughts about selling into the [People's] securities program if I get that off the ground it looks to me like you can make some money off of that, most people in the industry are saying they're not going to fell into this?
Colm Kelleher: Well we don't know at the moment, we want to do because we're unclear with circumstances and conditions surrounding those programs.
Roger Freeman: Right.
Colm Kelleher: And we actually applaud the initiatives of the regulators and the Treasury to get these programs up and running, but there has been a certain degree of confusion coming into the market about what are the implications I have used in the program either as a buyer or seller. So frankly, we have to wait and see what those implications are.
Roger Freeman: Okay. And then just lastly around the come back to commercial real estate. So, I’m a little confused I guess Crescent is where most of your actual equity in real estate investments is like, office, multi-family, et cetera is and the marks there are very light, it sounds like because you carry investments at cost. So, I guess my question there is, I mean tell me if I’m wrong about that, but I guess my question is, would you think the difference in the value on a fair market basis is from what you're carrying at and are there refinancings coming up inside those portfolios on those properties  this year that would force you to take impairments?
Colm Kelleher: Well, I can't foresee those possibly number one, Crescent remember has, we've shown you the growth, it's a non-recourse financing against that. So, our net exposure will allow to speak in those terms is significantly smaller and we have taken impairments and write-downs where we can in our LP commitments, they are what they are, $1.9 billion we referred to and everything else we've disclosed you the gross and as always with real estate you've got to be aware or one has to be aware that there's always refinancing risk. So, we're dealing with those accordingly and we're disclosing as much as we can.
Roger Freeman: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Colm Kelleher: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Meredith Whitney from Meredith Whitney Advisory Group.
Meredith Whitney: Hi Colm.
Colm Kelleher: Meredith, how are you?
Meredith Whitney: I am very good. Thank you. Roger asked a lot of my questions, but I wanted to take an opportunity to ask you about the wealth management division. Do you have an option to buy original bank or are you fully at maximum capacity with respect to your wealth management business, because there are going to be obviously assets for sale that's another way of generating deposits. And then as a follow on to that is are you gaining share there and does anything have to do with the Switzerland U.S. tax issues and can you elaborate on the competitive market specifically to attracting brokers?
Colm Kelleher: Well on the tax issues, we have none of those issues.
Meredith Whitney: Yeah, I know. But you benefit from the fact that you don't have any and others may?
Colm Kelleher: I think, look yes. I think first of all let's begin we are going to be the largest wealth manager, by certain measures anyway and we think that that will give us significant profitability. So, if you remember in the fourth quarter, we lost some FAs its clear now that we got net new money coming in $3 billion its clear that we are attracting high-quality people and you see the from the Barron's survey of our quality people that we have. So, we actually think that we are very well positioned as I said in my comments it's a game changer and we are now getting a lot of interest in people coming to us. You're absolutely right it was a period where one of the firms was attracting headcount on various deals. I think that that has stopped or slowed and I think the market is in flux, but we're pretty comfortable with our dominant position where we are and what we now need to do is to optimize it. In terms of deposits as you know in a pro forma basis slewing off a significant amount of deposit, and we’ve given the liability strategy about how much deposits feed into our network. But I want to repeat something on deposits again. Deposits are only useful in so far as you can use them, all right, so what we have to do is to continue to convert grow our bank, move eligible activities into our bank and that will dictate the pace in which we can grow further deposits.
Meredith Whitney: Okay, I guess I'm just going to re-ask my question, which is it seems that the economics of a wealth management model?
Colm Kelleher: Meredith, hello? Are we lost? Sorry, Meredith, you went dead there sorry.
Operator: One moment. Your next question will come from the line of Richard Ramsden from Goldman Sachs.
Richard Ramsden: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Colm Kelleher: Hi Richard
Richard Ramsden: I just have a question on the structured credit notes, which you're getting marked. Can you give us the size of the portfolio that is getting marked and how that's changed since the start of the year?
Colm Kelleher: Well the portfolio is continuing to run-off in our level 3 disclosure at the end of November. I think we showed you a growth size for memory of about $28 billion, and not all of those are fair valued, but a great majority of them are, the average duration is about 3.5 years and I think we can probably work it from that if that's okay, Richard.
Richard Ramsden: Yeah. That’s very helpful. And is there a specific hedging policy as well in place.
Colm Kelleher: We have looked at hedging DVA its as you know, its GAAP earnings, I don't think there is any real correlation for that, the problem is…
Richard Ramsden: All right.
Colm Kelleher: That our spread is being very volatile and that's why we don’t hedge it, which is why we have always disclosed this.
Richard Ramsden: Okay. That’s great. Thanks.
Operator: Your final question comes from James Mitchell from Buckingham Research.
James Mitchell: Hi good morning. One just, most of my questions have been asked and answered, but maybe just follow-up on the DVA is there any ability to buyback debt at discounts to kind of lock in the gains that we saw in the fourth quarter, obviously they’ve recovered in value of a decent amount, but I still think they're trading below par, or are you kind of constrained by TARP and other things from doing buybacks like that?
Colm Kelleher: Well it’s a very good question, you are constrained under the terms of TLGP from buying back debt other than from normal debt defense and so on. But also you got to look at these structured notes, you have to make a market in terms of debt defense. The nature of these structured notes are primarily small investors, who buy them with embedded options and so on, it's not like doing a tender for a public bond issue.
James Mitchell: Right. Fair enough. Okay, thanks.
Colm Kelleher: Well that’s the last question. Well thank you very much everybody. Appreciate the time. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-12-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Morgan Stanley conference call. The following is a live broadcast by Morgan Stanley and is provided as a courtesy. Please note that this call is being broadcast on the Internet through the company’s website at www.MorganStanley.com. A replay of the call and web cast will be available through the company’s website and by phone through January 17, 2009. This presentation may contain forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date on which they are made which reflect managements’ current estimates, projects, expectations or belief and which are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially. For a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of the company, please see forward-looking statements immediately proceeding Part 1 Item 1, competition and regulation in Part 1 Item 1, risk factors in Part 1, Item 1A, legal proceedings in Part 1 Item 3, managements’ discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in Part 2 Item 7, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risks in Part 2 Item 7A of the company’s annual report on Form 10K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2007 and other items throughout the Form 10K, managements discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and risk factors in the company’s 2008 quarterly reports on Form 10Q and other items throughout the company’s quarterly reports on form 10Q and the company’s 2008 current report on form 8K. The presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in our annual report on Form 10K, our quarterly reports on Form 10Q and our current reports on 8K which are available on our website www.MorganStanley.com. Any recording, rebroadcast or other use of this presentation in whole or in part is strictly prohibited without prior written consent of Morgan Stanley. This presentation is copyrighted and proprietary to Morgan Stanley. At this time I’d like to turn the program over to Colm Kelleher for today’s call.
Colm Kelleher: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Today we will review our results and highlight how we are positioning Morgan Stanley for this rapidly changing environment. The major equity indices all fell for three straight months losing 30% for the quarter, amounting to a loss of 40% of more for the fiscal year. Financial stocks, which led the way, were down 40% for the quarter, 60% for the year. Emerging markets were similarly stressed. Capital market conditions were extremely weak. Volatility peaked across asset classes and de-leveraging accelerated, adding to the already severe asset price declines. Hedging strategies became less effective as correlations broke down. In addition, the market reaction over the purpose of TARP and the uncertainty of its use caused a re-pricing of fixed income assets in November to distressed levels that materially impacted market liquidity and evaluation of a broad range of financial instruments. Despite these challenging conditions we had strength across several of our industry leading businesses including commodities, foreign exchange, equity sales and trading including derivatives, advisory and global wealth management. We took leverage down substantially to 11.4x on a gross basis at the end of the fourth quarter of 2008 and significantly reduced our total assets by 33% sequentially to $658 billion of which $128 billion is our liquidity pool at the end of the quarter up again to $140 billion as of today. We further strengthened our strategic alliance along with successful $9 billion capital raise from Mitsubishi UFJ. Along with eight of our peers we received capital from the TARP. In our case it was $10 billion. With institutional securities we are engaged in a deliberate and focused reduction of balance sheet intensive businesses including a resizing of Prime Brokerage, the ongoing exit of select proprietary trading strategies, the reduction of principle investments and the closure of residential mortgage origination. However, as stated before we are targeting capital on a risk adjusted basis to our industry leading businesses including flow trading, equity derivatives, foreign exchange, interest rates and commodities. We are scaling back on risk and capacity but not capability. Therefore, we expect to generate attractive risk adjusted returns when markets return to conditions that are more normal and clients re-engage. Global wealth management provides a stable earnings base, high ROE and attractive risk adjusted returns although not immune to market conditions. Our asset management business has been affected by poor performance this year. This business remains a top priority and we are positioning it for profitability. As announced, we are launching a retail banking group to grow deposits and banking products. We have already announced the hiring of industry veteran Cece Sutton and Jonathon Witter and are looking forward to their arrival in January. Under their direction we will leverage our existing retail banking capabilities and financial holding company status. We are developing our strategic alliance with Mitsubishi UFJ. Now we have established a steering committee composed of the four most senior executives at both firms. We identified and are pursuing more than 12 different initiatives including corporate investment banking, retail banking and lending activities which we expect to be finalized no later than June 30, 2009. We are committed to cost reductions and have targeted $2 billion in cost savings for 2009. After this roughly $1.2 billion related to low compensation from our previously announced headcount reductions. The remaining $800 million relates to a 10% reduction in our recurring non-compensation expenses. Let me now turn to our results. In the fourth quarter we reported a net loss from continuing operations of $2.2 billion or $2.24 per share. Despite this loss this quarter Morgan Stanley delivered three straight quarters of profitability and earned $1.8 billion from continuing operations for the full year. For the quarter net revenues were $1.8 billion and total non-interest expenses were $5.2 billion. Full year compensation expense was down 26% from 2007 driven primarily within institutional securities. The compensation ratio excluding severance was 46.5% as we managed compensation to reflect the lower revenues and earning environment. For the quarter non-compensation expenses were up 50% sequentially including $725 million of non-cash goodwill and intangibles impairment charge primarily within institutional securities. We reduced our balance sheet with total assets down 33% sequentially to $658 billion, largely driven by a decline in Prime Brokerage and reductions in proprietary trading, interest rates and credit products. Leverage was 11.4x and our adjusted leverage was 8x at quarter end, both down substantially from peak levels in 2007 or 32.6x and 18.8x respectively. Now we are expecting the absolute value of level three assets to increase this quarter and they represent approximately 13% of total assets. The increase in the value is primarily due to the volatility seen in the derivatives market especially given the widening of credit spreads. The dramatic reduction in our total assets this quarter exacerbated the ratio of level three assets to the balance sheet. As we have previously said there are offsetting hedges to these positions in the other levels of the fair value hierarchy. As you can see in our financial supplement on pages 16-18 we continue to systematically sell our level three legacy assets whenever opportunities arise. Our last year has been enormous mark to market volatility this quarter, Morgan Stanley operates and will continue to operate under fair value accounting rules using conservative assumptions. Book value per share at November end was $20.24 relatively unchanged from last quarter and up 6% from a year ago, demonstrating our ability to preserve and grow book value in an extraordinarily difficult operating environment. Page four of the financial supplement highlights our current capital position. While we are still finalizing our calculations we estimate that our Tier-1 ratio will be approximately 18.3% this quarter under the SEC’s interpretation of FAS 02 guidelines. The increase over last quarter was primarily driven by our new Tier-1 eligible capital. Risk weighted assets declined sequentially to approximately $282 billion at November 30. This decrease reflects the combined reduction in our total assets offset by an increase in credit risk charges due to the present environment. Looking ahead we are well positioned to take advantage of market opportunities given our strong capital position, broad set of funding tools and lower leverage. We successfully issued $6.6 billion of FDIC guaranteed debt over the month. Given the market dynamic we took the opportunity to repurchase $12.4 billion of firm issued debt which resulted in gains of $2.3 billion this quarter. This was predominately recorded in other revenues within institutional securities. Now let me turn to the specific businesses. Starting with institutional securities detailed on page five of the supplement, the business reported a pre-tax loss of $2.1 billion. Revenues of $844 million reflected the difficult trading environment and asset write downs. Up to early November our revenues in institutional securities were encouraging. A slate of news beginning with the redirection of TARP resulted in a step re-pricing of the market. Extreme levels of negative sentiment are priced broadly across the credit market spectrum including the investment grade, loans and the ABX sub prime index. Of that current market price, CMBX AAA implied unprecedented high default rates. The CMBX AAA index as a benchmark currently implies a cumulative default rate of greater than 60% over the duration of the underlying bonds assuming 100% loss severity. Equity market volatility is reflected by the [vix] more than double this quarter. Principle investments revenues were negative $1.8 billion. The majority of which relates to write downs in real estate limited partnership interests and other principle investments. Non-interest expenses decreased 21% sequentially largely reflecting lower compensation which is partially offset by non-cash goodwill and intangible impairment charges of $694 million. Turning to investment banking on page six our leading investment banking franchise remained active notwithstanding the challenging market conditions. Revenues of $743 million were down 28% for the third quarter in an environment with volumes down dramatically across products. Completed M&A was down nearly 25%. Global equity and debt reached down nearly 50% and the IPO market was virtually shut down in the quarter. Despite these conditions we advised on several important transactions including Northwest’s merger with Delta, the sale of H Foster Lloyds, the sale of a stake in Fortis Bank to the combined governments of Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxembourg. Significant underwriting transactions included equity follow on issues for Wells Fargo and General Electric and bond issues for IBM, [Barrett Gold] and PepsiCo. We are currently advising Verizon of the largest indicated financing transaction in the U.S. this quarter. On this transaction Morgan Stanley has been instrumental in working with Mitsubishi UFJ, another example of our burgeoning partnership. Advisory revenues increased 32% sequentially in Europe even though activity slowed measurably in the quarter. Equity underwriting revenues were down 72% from the third quarter of 2008 of global equity and IPO volumes were at anemic levels. Fixed income underwriting decreased 57% as issuance was down across all product and credit markets remained severely strained in the quarter. Our pipelines are down given the secular downturn in global capital markets. Investment grade is one exception as there is considerable pent up demand. We continue to maintain high levels of strategic dialogue with corporate financial sponsors and sovereigns and remain well positioned to take advantage of client activity when it returns to the market. Equity sales and trading revenues of $1.7 billion were down 35% sequentially. Trading in the quarter was at two extremes with volatility in liquid trading producing strong revenues and credit and illiquid trading producing significant losses. The revenue decline was primarily driven by losses of $729 million in proprietary trading. The difficult market exacerbated losses on trades as the convertible bond asset class collapsed and spreads widened. Despite the losses this quarter proprietary trading results were slightly positive for the full year as gains from quantitative strategies offset losses from several other strategies. We remained focused on quantitative strategies including program driven trading and statistical arbitrage where we believe we can out perform. Prime Brokerage revenues declined 50% from a record last quarter on lower client balances which are down 37% on average from the previous quarter. Cash equity revenues were up 8% from last quarter on strong performance in portfolio trading despite lower commissions on lighter volumes in Europe and Asia. Derivatives reported a strong quarter of continued volatility and increased customer activity and full year revenues were a record, up 35% from 2007. Equity revenues also included $685 million in gains from the widening of credit spreads on firm issued structured notes. In fixed income sales and trading we reported negative revenues of $1.2 billion, down significantly from the previous quarter reflecting the difficult trading environment and further asset write downs. An area of strength this quarter was commodities with revenues up 7% sequentially on strong customer flows across sectors driving broad based strength. For the year commodities reported record revenues and were 62% higher than 2007. Interest rate, credit and currency trading revenues combined were down significantly from the third quarter of 2008. Interest rate products were lower as new client trading was offset by unfavorable positioning in Europe as the result of the November re-pricing. Foreign exchange reported a record quarter and high volatility and increased customer flows. For the year foreign exchange reported record revenues 56% higher than 2007. Emerging markets recorded a loss driven by credit widening in Eastern Europe and credit trading generated a loss. In addition to significant deterioration in consumer credit and related assets and further spread widening, our results include further losses of $360 million from mono lines, aggregate net exposure debt direct exposure to mono lines increased to $4.3 billion. This net exposure includes $700 million of ABS wrap bonds held by our securities banks, $3.1 billion of insured municipal bond securities and $500 million of net counterparty exposure representing gross exposure of $8 billion net of hedges in cumulative credit valuation adjustments of $3.8 billion. The significant increase in our gross counterparty exposure reflects the current credit environment impacting the mono lines. We are managing this counter party risk through a hedging program that utilizes both credit default swaps and transactions that effectively replace the potentially impaired component of underlying transactions as well as credit valuation adjustments. Fixed income revenues also included $2 billion in gains from the widening of credit spreads on firm issued structured notes. Details on pages 16-18 of the financial supplement are on mortgage related gross and net exposures which we further reduced this quarter. On page 16, within the ABS CVO sub prime schedule you can see our total net exposure was slightly net short. Of note on this schedule is the reduction of our super senior legacy mezzanine positions from $1.1 billion to zero which was accomplished with minimal P&L impact. On page 17, within non-sub prime residential mortgage we reduced our gross and net exposures by roughly 20%. These exposures include alt-A which declined 27%. Overall net write downs were $900 million including $650 million in alt-A. On page 18 within CMBS commercial whole loans we reduced our gross exposure to $17 billion driven by nearly 40% reduction in CMBS bonds. Net exposure declined over 60% to $2.9 billion. Overall here we recorded a net gain of $200 million. Other sales and trading revenues of negative $1.1 billion were primarily driven by net losses of $1.7 billion in our lending businesses which include leveraged acquisition finance and relationship lending. These net losses reflect negative market losses and write downs of $4 billion, offset by effective hedges. The five-year cumulative implied probability of default in the cash and derivatives market for loans is now greater than 60%, much higher than the worst five-year cumulative historical default rate of approximately 25%. We continue to reduce our non-investment grade leverage acquisition portfolio which is now $5.6 billion as you can see in the footnotes of page seven of the financial supplement. During the quarter we added $420 million in new commitments and had $3.4 million of reductions. Also included in other sales and trading are losses of approximately $800 million from our subsidiary banks driven by further deterioration of the investment portfolio which is fair valued? Offsetting these losses were derivative mark to market gains of approximately $1.1 billion following their de-designation as hedges of certain Morgan Stanley debt. Total average trading and non-trading VaR decreased to $119 million from $128 million last quarter reflecting a decline in non-trading VaR. This was primarily driven by a reduction in lending exposure. Average trading VaR remained near flat from last quarter at $98 million, as higher spread and volatility levels were offset by reductions in key trading risks. As I mentioned, we continue to re-shape our institutional securities business. We have taken steps to exit select proprietary trading strategies and have de-emphasized our principle investing business in institutional securities. We are exiting our remaining international mortgage origination business. Within the U.S. we are shifting origination activity to global wealth management. In addition we are re-shaping other businesses. We remain committed to maintaining a premier prime brokerage franchise and while this business is smaller it will benefit from the re-pricing of services. As stated before, we will no longer be market share driven but rather a contiguous and strategic extension of our strategic client relationships. We have repositioned research in an effort to coordinate analysts better with the business and leverage the intellectual capital more broadly throughout the firm. We continue to develop and invest in our client driven [inaudible] revenue upside. This includes [inaudible] as markets move towards exchanges. We are building out distressed, credit trading and prioritizing risk from the credit desk. We are focused on reducing our infrastructure costs and geographic footprint and the margin by closing or relocating offices. Now turning to page eight of the supplement in our global wealth management business, this business continues to produce strong underlying results, stable recurring revenues despite volatile market conditions. Revenues of $1.4 billion decreased 9% from the third quarter reflecting write downs of $108 million in auction rate securities repurchased from clients and recorded in principle transactions. Revenues also included higher commissions on increased transaction volumes offset by the lack of new issues affecting investment banking revenues and lower fees on declining market levels. Overall revenues were offset by non-interest expenses including an incremental provision of $256 million for the auction rate securities settlement as valuations have declined and repurchases are estimated to be higher than anticipated at the time of our official announcement. Excluding the provisions from both quarters, non-interest expenses were down 7% from last quarter driven by overall compensation. As a result of all PBT was a loss of $55 million. On page nine you can see the productivity metrics. Total client assets decreased 23% as market levels declined sharply during the quarter while client withdrawals driven by market volatility let to outflows of $3.9 billion; they were less than 1% of total client assets. Net new money for the full year was $34.5 billion, our second highest year and best in class. The number of FA’s were slightly down for the quarter and for the full year FA’s were flat to a slight reduction of 233 representatives from the sale of our Spanish wealth management business. We expect to continue to grow FA’s to take advantage of market turmoil particularly the franchise has largely stabilized after a tumultuous September and October. Our bank deposits including client sweeps and client holds at Morgan Stanley issuance certificates of deposit increased slightly in the last quarter to $36.4 billion. As of today our total deposits are $44 billion. In 2008 we achieved double digit increases in our number of accounts using key banking services although there is a lot of room for future growth. In support of the firm’s goal of achieving 50% of funding from stable sources, including equity, long term debt and deposits; we will further build out our deposit base. Our private wealth management group continues to grow its global footprint of investment representatives and expanded into significant new markets opening offices in India and Saudi Arabia. Going forward we are leveraging our high net worth franchise and are focused on building a retail banking group as I stated earlier under the direction of Cece Sutton and Jonathon Witter. Let me turn to asset management on page ten of the supplement. Asset management recorded a pre-tax loss of $1.2 billion in the fourth quarter primarily driven by principle investment loss and expenses related to credit. Core revenues which included traditional funds, hedge funds and fund to funds asset management were down 87% sequentially and included a decline in management of administration fees resulting from lower average assets under management. Losses of $261 million in alternatives were in our core business and losses of $187 million related to market securities issued by SIVs held on balance sheet. The carrying value of these assets is now down to $209 million at the end of the quarter. In addition, total SIV exposure in our money funds as of quarter end was down to $100 million. These are all bank sponsored and are maturing in January. Merging banking revenues were negative $454 million and included principle investment losses of $532 million in real estate including $130 million on present financial assets driven by the continued deterioration in the global real estate markets and $100 million in private equity and infrastructure bonds, particularly our Asia portfolio. Non-interest expenses decreased 3% in the third quarter primarily driven by lower compensation expenses. This decrease is partially offset by higher costs related to credit which includes an impairment charge on real estate assets of $243 million. Approximately 90% of the credit portfolio is real estate assets primarily held at cost with quarterly depreciation. These assets are subject to quarterly impairment review. Our total real estate net exposure which includes present as well as our direct investments in real estate, private equity and infrastructure costs was $5.3 billion at the end of the quarter. This exposure does not include assets included in investments for the measure of employee compensation or co-investment plans. Turning to pages 11-13 of the supplement, you can see the assets under management and asset flow data. Total assets under management decreased 30% to $399 billion largely due to the extreme drop in global financial mark during the quarter which had a broad impact towards the industry. We also recorded $77 billion in net outflows in the quarter, virtually all of them in our core business. The primary driver here was money market outflows of $51 billion due to the dislocation of the industry. As we mentioned in our third quarter 10Q nearly all these outflows occurred in September when credit and liquidity markets were under severe stress. During the quarter we repurchased approximately $25 billion of these securities to fund the investor redemptions amid the liquid markets. We reduced these positions substantially to $600 million at the end of November with no losses incurred. The current balance is roughly $200 million. Improving our financial performance in asset management is a top priority. Asset management is facing significant headwinds in 2009 with a decline in assets under management and a difficult environment for gathering assets. Within core asset management we reduced net headcount by nearly 20%. We are closing and consolidating non-performing subscale and over lacking products as well as enhancing the efficiency of our technology and operations. Despite the issues in asset management this business remains a critical component of our strategy. It diversifies earnings into a high ROE business, takes advantage of our distribution power and provides a channel to monetize our intellectual capital. We are confident we can drive this business to competitive advantage and profitability as markets improve. An additional note I wanted to make you aware of is that our board of directors have approved a change to our calendar year reporting cycle which will commence January 1, 2009. In effecting this change we will have a one month transition period ending December 31, 2008 that will be reported along with our first quarter 2009 results in April 2009. Now in closing I just have a few words on the outlook. 2008 was a very challenging year yet Morgan Stanley delivered three straight quarters of profitability and was profitable for the full year. While we do not expect the fourth quarter to repeat nor the dramatic fall off in client activity to persist, we do expect the near-term environment to be very challenging. This recession has turned global in a relatively short time frame. Action is being taken to remediate the status of the markets in an unprecedented scale around the world. Such moves will likely improve market stability near term and economic recovery long-term. We are expecting 2009 to be a year of transition. There is no doubt that earnings power has been affected in the short-term and there is potential for further negative marks despite our reduction of risk positions and leverage. Given the systemic reduction in leverage we expect ROE to be lower but still a healthy 12-15% over the fiscal year. Clearly though our ROE will improve over time as we expand global wealth management, asset management and retail banking to be a greater contributor to our business mix as we have good opportunity to invest in these businesses. Overall we do not expect the volatility in the market to subside until at the very least the mortgage market and ultimately the housing markets stabilize. However, we see opportunity amidst all the turbulence and market uncertainty. For example, recent corporate new issuance activity is an encouraging step towards the normalization of conditions in the debt capital markets. We are seeing investment grade credit deals being completed. In fact, November was the second busiest month for European investment being non-financial new issuance since March 2001. In the U.S. total issuances increased each month since the lows reached in September. Even within high yield we are starting to see some activity such as the $500 million El Paso transaction which marks the re-opening of the high yield market. While limited, there have been select opportunities for issuance within the equity markets. While we cannot control the difficult environment we are committing to improving our operating performance by reducing non-compensation costs by 10%, continuing to return legacy assets as markets allow, allocating capital on a risk adjusted basis to the client within flow businesses in our market leading institutional franchises, returning asset management to profitability and as I stated maximizing our relationship with Mitsubishi UFJ. Our leading client franchise and premium brand remains intact. Morgan Stanley has been and will continue to be a premier global financial services firm. We are confident that we will be well positioned to generate attractive returns when markets normalize and clients re-engage in a more significant way. We have successfully evolved and adapted our business across numerous business cycles in the past and are doing so again today. Thank you. Apologies for the long intro. Now I will take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Roger Freeman – Barclays Capital.
Roger Freeman: In listening to your commentary about risk positioning and appetite for principle investing going forward, how do you think about your approach to markets when we get to this eventual point where credit markets stabilize and we see increasing asset values again? Are you going to be taking advantage of that? You clearly have excess capital given your really high assessment class Tier-1 ratio. How do we sort of balance that versus the commentary here on the call?
Colm Kelleher: It is clear we are very negative on these markets at the moment and have been for some time as you know. We are seeing client fall off and as I have stated on a number of occasions where Morgan Stanley does well is where we have large client activity because that is our franchise. When we see that pick up we will be there to make capital to the markets and I think we are just ready to do that. A combination of two things are interesting here. We did have obviously legacy assets which we reduced but what is interesting is they hurt us in the fourth quarter but not as we have outlined to what degree. Really what is happening here is a broad based price destruction which is represented in what is going on in the market. I think we need to be prepared to commit capital as we see the market moving again.
Roger Freeman: With respect to the balance sheet decline this quarter can you help us think about some of the buckets there? It was a more than $300 billion decline on the absolute level. Obviously a lot of the markets were illiquid. A lot of treasuries and agencies?
Colm Kelleher: No, you can see our adjusted leverage has come down as well. So it was broad. Obviously it is easier to reduce a matched book which we did but if you think about it in terms of where we are it was pretty broad based. About half the reduction came from a reduction in prime brokerage balances and the rest is pretty much spread out. What we have done is continued to reduce legacy assets.
Roger Freeman: On the proprietary debt you actually purchased, can you give us a little more color around that? What maturity did you buy? Was it shorter term? Longer term? Do you still hold this? Also the hedging, the re-designation of hedges there do you actually hedge your debt in addition to the natural hedge you have around FAS 157?
Colm Kelleher: Yes we do. We took the opportunity given market dynamics to repurchase some of our debt. It was a broad range of maturities that were trading at very distressed levels. Those were purchases, as I said, resulting in direct gains of $2.3 billion. Now as you said, and I’ve just confirmed when you swatch the hedge for the interest rate risk in making those repurchases we were required to modify our hedging program. So accordingly a good number of those swaps were de-designated from being hedges of our debt and became mark to market instruments. So that is the $1.1 billion gain we noted associated with de-designation reflecting the mark to market change for these swaps when they are no longer considered to be hedges. Now the whole discussion of that hedge accounting is in more detail on page 14 of our August 31 form 10Q if you want to have a look at it.
Roger Freeman: On the call back, with respect to your comments, how is that going to work? Is there any specific call back for each employee based on amount of P&L that is at risk under them?
Colm Kelleher: Really it will be to the deferred cash part of their compensation. It will relate to that and there will be various rules and we will give you more color on that going forward. It has only just been approved by the board. I have to go through it myself and I’d like to come back to you on that.
Operator: The next question comes from Guy Moszkowski - Merrill Lynch.
Guy Moszkowski: I’m wondering just to pick up on the call backs for a moment. I am wondering if you can give us a sense for whether that could result in lower expense recognition in year one of a bonus award since it is not actually paid until certain future hurdles are cleared or would you go ahead and recognize all of it and therefore it really wouldn’t initially result in lower comp costs?
Colm Kelleher: No, there is no game like that going on. It is going to be treated the same as liquidity. We have kept those components the same so it will be amortized so from an accounting point of view there is no arbitrage there.
Guy Moszkowski: I wasn’t trying to imply that there was a game, just that…
Colm Kelleher: I know you weren’t but some people might think it was. What we are doing is we are just taking part of that deferred comp which we will now have the ability to call back on.
Guy Moszkowski: Can you give us a sense for what happened to the compensation ratio within the institutional division in the fourth quarter? Was there a meaningful further comp accrual there in the quarter or was there either a very low accrual or indeed a reversal in institutional as Goldman Sachs had for the whole firm?
Colm Kelleher: What I will tell you is that in 2008 the comp to revenue accrual for the end of the year in institutional securities is 43.9%. Minus severance 39.9% and obviously that is related on much lower revenues so I think you can work out it was a pretty drastic reduction in compensation.
Guy Moszkowski: On the ARS are you still holding the majority of the assets you had purchased over the last couple of quarters?
Colm Kelleher: Yes we are. As you know we are funding it through the facility. As of November 30 we repurchased $3.8 million of eligible ARS that we hold in our inventory. We did take write downs which we described of $108 million on that. That was reflected as part of principle trading. Additionally during the fourth quarter as you know we have the ability to purchase up to $6.4 billion on the terms of the settlement, we took because of the price deterioration that took place in November an incremental provision of $256 million.
Guy Moszkowski: Which again is a provision and next quarter if there has been further negative variation there could be a further charge which would be the equivalent of the $108 this quarter, is that the right way to think about it?
Colm Kelleher: Correct and equally if these things clear through the auctions and so on there is a call back. So, it works both ways.
Guy Moszkowski: Can you give us a sense for the carrying value as a percent of what you currently owe on the books?
Colm Kelleher: The auction rate securities, 75-80%.
Guy Moszkowski: On the SIV’s, you mentioned some that are maturing in January. Is that all of what you are currently carrying that you have had to repurchase over the last…
Colm Kelleher: I hope I didn’t mislead you. The $100 million maturing in January is actually what is held in the third-party fund which we have not taken of. That is just what is left of the various money market funds. They mature and they are bank guaranteed. What we have written down is just over $200 million of written down SIV’s which were approximately $680 million or something like that when we originally put them on the books.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay. So that is a very low holding value basically. On the $2 billion cost savings that you are anticipating or target for next year, should we realistically expect most of that to come to the bottom line or is there a significant amount of investment savings which you are anticipating?
Colm Kelleher: I’m trying to get an absolute savings to the bottom line. That’s what I’m trying to do and that is what we’ve targeted and we have given you the component parts of that. That is clearly our goal and we will report to you quarterly on that purpose.
Guy Moszkowski: Is there a range of full year revenue that you are predicating that $2 billion on?
Colm Kelleher: No this is independent of that. This is synergies and efficiencies.
Operator: The next question comes from Glenn Schorr – UBS.
Glenn Schorr: I don’t know if you have mentioned the face amount of the debt bought back?
Colm Kelleher: I think I did. It was $12.3 billion.
Glenn Schorr: Did you buy back any stock during the quarter?
Colm Kelleher: Yes I did. I bought a small amount of stock back. Obviously this was pre-TARP and was a combination of two aspects of the stock. One we had some employee related buy backs which is the normal course of business and then in addition to that in those periods when our stock was trading down very low I bought back, I think it is in the earnings release actually.
Glenn Schorr: The bigger question, how much of the reduction in the average liquidity pool during the quarter was this versus just say calls on the de-leveraging?
Colm Kelleher: No, let’s talk about the average reduction of the liquidity pool. I think you need to understand that our contingency funding issuance certainly drains our liquidity. By the way we repurchased 39 million shares only in our repurchase in the quarter. I think I had it out, by the way just to finish that question on the third quarter earnings calls on a Tuesday night I said I reserved the right to do that. Then things sort of spiraled as you know.
Glenn Schorr: Was that any contribution to the reduction of the liquidity pool or was that…
Colm Kelleher: Not at all. Let’s talk about the liquidity pool. Today I’ve got liquidity of about $140 billion. I am not sure this is as meaningful a number now that we are a bank holding company and we have facilities we don’t need and we have the operational we used to have. You have to think about $140 billion in relation to my current balance sheet. At the time of the third quarter when we felt the market was going to be very stressed we had gotten that liquidity up, as you remember, to $179 billion and that obviously was a significant drain on liquidity for a period of time during that stress period but that was not part of this. We now rebuilt our liquidity through a number of actions and actually if anything are probably in a more conservative place because the contingent drains on our liquidity are much less given the size of our balance sheet and certain aspects of our business.
Glenn Schorr: So I guess when you look and you have $7 billion of unallocated capital and you have some really large Tier-1 ratio, how do you balance it? Because you bought back debt and then generated $3 billion of gains. It produces equity. It reduces your debt load. How do you draw the line between tapping into your liquidity, pissing off the regulators and doing something economic?
Colm Kelleher: I think we were first of all we were buying debt as part of a debt defense as well. Secondly, it was an incredibly distressed level which is in the interests of our shareholders and thirdly I think we are in a very strong liquidity position regardless. So, it basically comes out of our contingency funding plan. We look at what we need to issue, what we need to cover our liabilities and as we reduced the balance sheet we clearly have less requirement for that funding. So, frankly I think it was a good trading decision in the interest of our shareholders to buy back debt which was at incredibly distressed levels and frankly if I had left a bit out there it wouldn’t have sent out a balanced signal.
Glenn Schorr: So at what point is that basically a statement that leverage considering where assets are less liquidity pool is leverage finally at a resting point or does it continue to go lower?
Colm Kelleher: I don’t think leverage is going to go down any more. I think we have actually squeezed our balance sheet down actually preparing to take advantage of market dislocation. So I am hoping we can take leverage back up but to do that we need to see opportunities in the market and frankly I am still reeling from what happened in November.
Glenn Schorr: Implicit in your comments about maybe 12-15% over the course of the cycle, does that assume some normal cost of debt in the unsecured debt market? In other words the funding pressures that are there today, subside?
Colm Kelleher: No, I made assumptions. I don’t want to get into details but I made some reasonable assumptions about where I think debt spreads are going to be and where I can refinance clearly within that in terms that we will have a more normalized EDS spread than where we currently are. Frankly I don’t think 460 or 500 is a sustainable financial spread.
Glenn Schorr: How come book wasn’t down a little bit more? Meaning you lose $2.24 book goes down by about $1. There are obviously a bunch of moving parts.
Colm Kelleher: Going back to one of your first questions, we repurchased stock at below book value and we had certain transactions relative to employee stock awards that decreased our share account and they were accretive too. That is why.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Mayo – Deutsche Bank.
Mike Mayo: Can you just talk about the balance between of pulling back in proprietary trading and taking risk where you see some upside when you had the proprietary equity loss this quarter? I think you said $700 million and this is one year after the big losses and you have ratcheted up risk management and oversight and here we have another trading loss. How do you balance those?
Colm Kelleher: I don’t think they are connected. I think the losses in proprietary trading are in businesses in very distressed markets. I think it is actually because we have ratcheted up risk management a significant amount and so on. What we did and I’ve spoken to you about before in the previous few quarters we had a very analytical look at risk adjusted returns. With the metrics I consider business was based on a revenue driven model. Frankly I think a lot of these businesses on a risk adjusted return have been producing negative NPV. So we made a decision to exit some of these businesses and there is a cost associated with those. That cost is being exacerbated by incredibly stressed market. Within that remember we are keeping our PBT business up and strategy business and equity because it is a business we believe we have an insight into. We believe where we have insight like commodities we can position risk of a proprietary nature in the back of those client flows and so on. I think to look at some of these losses, and they are winding down losses, is perhaps misleading. What we are doing is reallocating businesses on a risk adjusted basis to where we think we can generate alpha. So these were not unexpected in so far as the market away from what the market did itself.
Mike Mayo: As it relates to equities being down, I think you said prime brokerage was down 50%. Is anything else going on in that category?
Colm Kelleher: In equities?  In what sense?
Mike Mayo: In the decline in contrast to one of your competitors yesterday it just didn’t do as well. So I’m just wondering if there are any one-time factors there.
Colm Kelleher: I think it was the prop trading you referred to a few minutes ago that comes into the SG line item. I think if you were to normalize that I don’t think we would be a million miles away. It was a very strong year for us in equities. Volumes were down in the fourth quarter certainly but I think that is probably the delta.
Operator: The next question comes from James Mitchell – Buckingham Research Group.
James Mitchell: Can we just talk a little bit about fixed income? Obviously it was a tough quarter for credit but if I kind of normalize for the mortgage related write downs as well as the gains on debt it looks like you had about $2 billion loss in that line. Was that all credit? You mentioned you had interest rate positioning that was difficult as well. I’m just trying to think what the major drivers were.
Colm Kelleher: I think it was a broad based loss. As I stated earlier, going into November we were looking pretty good in terms of our revenues and so on. But obviously there was a re-pricing of a lot of things so obviously credit got hit hard by just about any measure you want to look at but you had curve changes as well as volume swap spread changed dramatically. In Europe we certainly got hit on some European curve positions we had but I think it was broad based. I think to try and look at what happened in November and extrapolate from that is very difficult. It was such a discrete event.
James Mitchell: Switching over to asset management, were most of the outflows you mentioned, at least money market was mostly in September and October. Maybe you can talk in the equities and fixed income area if some of those flows have stabilized of late?
Colm Kelleher: I think that is fair. September and October those flows have stabilized. Obviously it goes without saying the major indices are down and that is affecting size of assets under management but certainly for us it was the money market flows.
James Mitchell: And that started to stabilize?
Colm Kelleher: Yes.
James Mitchell: In the support of investments in the institutional securities I think you gave us a number for the asset management business down the $5 billion or so. Was that down meaningfully in the institutional business? Can you give a number there?
Colm Kelleher: The private equity institutional business? It is a relatively small portfolio. It is about $3 billion which has been written down. Our losses there have about $2.6 billion or something like that. It is something that we have kept a close eye on.
James Mitchell: That is a pretty substantial rate though if you had $1.8 billion.
Colm Kelleher: Within that though remember in that we had the LP interest in our commercial real estate funds that actually held in ISG and that was a big part of that write down.
Operator: The next question comes from David Trone – Fox Pitt Kelton.
David Trone: If I heard you correctly when you talked about the prime brokerage balances you mentioned a 35% delta. I assume that was average. Could you tell us the end of period?
Colm Kelleher: End of period is about down 65% but let me qualify that. We had a lot of balances wanting to come back. So what we are doing at the moment is looking at…and also it is a function not only of balances that left it is clearly a function of the down size of the hedge fund business at the moment as well. But we have a number of balances that are wanting to come back and we are at the moment engaging clients in a strategic dialogue to decide where we are and what we want to do. Remember, of the accounts that were closed we only had 7% of accounts closed so you would expect a high rate of return because it wasn’t a particularly stressed environment when a lot of those balances went.
David Trone: So at what point during the quarter did that stabilize? What is December like?
Colm Kelleher: It stabilized probably post closing of the Mitsubishi UFJ deal. But I’d have to confirm that. By then you had other dynamics in place. So far it is no longer about Morgan Stanley prime brokerage or anything else in prime brokerage; it is about the hedge funds themselves at the moment. So we are certainly seeing hedge fund balances wanting to move back towards this market so I think we feel pretty encouraged about it. What we are not too encouraged about is the overall state of the hedge fund industry.
David Trone: On the bank deposit side, in the context of bricks and mortar, obviously and acquisition, what too small to matter or what is the right number where you start to have an interest in property that might come up? How do the regulators feel about you doing that type of an acquisition?
Colm Kelleher: First of all, let me explain what we are saying about garnering bank deposits is they have to fit into our existing strategy; our retail and high net worth strategy. So in that sense there is no single thing too small. It has to fit into what we want to do. I think the regulators, and we are in very close contact with the regulators, are very comfortable with our strategy hopefully and that is the feedback I get. What we are not talking about, at least today…we never say never, is large strategic transactions. We are talking about garnering deposits that fit into a well defined retail strategy and that is why we have hired Cece Sutton and Jonathon Witter who have been very successful in pursuing these sort of strategies at large money center banks. So I think this will evolve as they join us.
Operator: The final question comes from the line of Jeff Harte - Sandler O’Neill & Partners.
Jeff Harte: You talked about the size of the net real estate exposure within asset management. I believe you said it was $5.3 billion.
Colm Kelleher: Yes but remember there is some secured financing in there against Crescent. So you have to net that out as well. If you look at it, we bought Crescent is $3 billion of that $5.31 billion and the residual net of secure financing is just under $600 million so you would knock off $2.5 billion from those numbers.
Jeff Harte: Given how difficult hedging relationships have been, that is a net number. Can you give us a gross exposure number?
Colm Kelleher: That is a gross exposure number. I gave you the gross originally which is the $5 billion number and I said the secured financing is Crescent, which is secured financing, so you take that out.
Jeff Harte: Looking at the debt repurchase gains this quarter and seeing that actually a transaction I guess would be realized and I’m looking at the structured note gains you have been recording quarter in and quarter out, is there the opportunity or can you actually lock in or realize those structured note gains or have you yet?
Colm Kelleher: We can. I look at DVA, the structured note gains, slightly differently. I think the structure of debt on the real P&L is a real time gain. We did it in stressed markets. One hopes that will never repeat itself. Obviously DVA, the credit spread once it moves around, you can to some extent lock it in by retiring debt associated with it. But the way I look at it is to say we are a fair value or mark to market and very conservative the way we mark things so the same way as we have been penalized for taking things at mark to market eventually we give you an example of where we are. CMBS bonds in the third quarter of 2008 we have in the low 70’s. We now have them in the high 40’s. Senior commercial loans were high 80’s to low 90’s are now being marked down as well to the high 80’s. Mezz, mid 70’s to low 60’s. There is Mezz commercial loans, alt-A mid 30’s to high 20’s. We have actually taken some very significant marks here. So my view on the credit spread is you have to look at that in the round if that makes sense. So if you are trying to get a sense of what our core operating are, I think you would knock out owned credit certainly as revenue that is maybe not the highest quality but against that you would have to offset the legacy charges against it to get a sense for what the underlying is.
Jeff Harte: You mentioned in ROE maybe the 12-15% over the cycle. You are talking that is your thought as to what the average would be over the cycle?
Colm Kelleher: Absolutely. I’m assuming 2009 is going to be a tricky year.
Jeff Harte: Given everything that has gone on from becoming a bank holding company and everything else, where would you historically have pegged that number? I’m trying to get a feel for how much you think some of the changes we have seen come into effect this year may impact what you think your loss on ROE is.
Colm Kelleher: I think I have addressed this before. We have always been pretty consistent that we are in a world of reduced leverage and reduced leverage does mean lower ROE. I know there is some debate around that but we think that hair cut is 3-5%. But we can mitigate that a lot by much more efficient use of balance sheet and it is not that long ago that institutions had very nice ROE’s with lower balance sheets. We have to get back to that world. I just want to wish everybody a happy holiday and thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-09-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Morgan Stanley conference call.  The following is a live broadcast by Morgan Stanley and is provided as a courtesy.  Please note that this call is being broadcast on the Internet through the company’s website at www.MorganStanley.com.  A replay of the call and webcast will be available through the company’s website and by phone through October 16, 2008. This presentation may contain forward-looking statements.  You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date on which they are made which reflect managements’ current estimates, projects, expectations or belief and which are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially.  For a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of the company, please see forward-looking statements immediately proceeding Part 1 Item 1, competition and regulation and Part 1 Item 1, risk factors and Part 1, Item 1A, legal proceedings and Part 1 Item 3, managements’ discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and Part 2 Item 7, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risks, and Part 2 Item 7A of the company’s annual report on Form 10K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2007 and other items throughout the Form 10K, the company’s 2008 quarterly reports on Form 10Q and the company’s 2008 current reports on Form 8K. The presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures.  The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in our annual report on Form 10K, our quarterly reports on Form 10Q and our current reports on 8K which are available on our website www.MorganStanley.com. Any recording, rebroadcast or other use of this presentation in whole or in part is strictly prohibited without prior written consent of Morgan Stanley.  This presentation is copyrighted and proprietary to Morgan Stanley. At this time I’d like to turn the program over to Colm Kelleher for today’s call.
Colm Kelleher: What we are seeing is unprecedented in terms of turmoil in the financial services industry.  This quarter in an environment marked by unprecedented ongoing challenges and serious dislocation, Morgan Stanley achieved a return on equity of 16.5%, diluted earnings per share of $1.32 and the third consecutive quarter of positive book value growth.  As stated, we made further progress in reducing our balance sheet leverage and continue to run high levels of liquidity while maintaining surplus capital.  Our Tier 1 ratio this quarter is expected to be approximately 12.7%. The third quarter was extremely challenging with a macro environment characterized by continuing illiquid markets compounded by a distinct fall off in client flows.  We have strength across many of our industry leading businesses including prime brokerage, equity derivatives, equity underwriting, foreign exchange and commodities.  Therefore, we are very confident that Morgan Stanley with its global diversified business and client franchise is well equipped to deal with the environment we are in and the future environment as it unfolds. Let me give you some examples of what we have done.  When we realized we had a proprietary position gone wrong in the fourth quarter of last year we moved immediately to market appropriately, take our losses, execute trades and manage the position down.  Since then we have disclosed our exposures and tried to give you as much granular information to understand our marks across areas of interest to you.  We are confident with our marking policy calibrated in the first instance to executed trades and where that is not possible to other relevant factors we can point to. As we have all learned, the best way to deal with troublesome assets is to reduce the growth size by sale where possible and again we will show continued progress in the reduction of exposures and overall leverage since the third quarter of last year and on an ongoing basis.  The broker/dealer model is the subject of much debate and its viability has recently been most eloquently espoused.  I will only add that we believe in the diversified business model of an investment bank and its ability to adapt to different environments.  This has been proven over the cycles.  Let me also add at this point very clearly that depository institutions do not necessarily better enable us to execute our business and in fact may bring with them their own set of complications. Let me begin with an overview of our firm-wide results outlined on pages 1 and 2 of our financial supplement.  I want to reiterate, we have a great deal of confidence in the Morgan Stanley business and brand, what we have accomplished and what we will do in the future.  We generated net income of $1.4 billion, diluted earnings per share of $1.32, and a return on equity of 16.5%.  Firm-wide net revenues were $8 billion and BVT margin was 24%. Non-interest expenses were $6.1 billion up 20% from the second quarter largely driven by higher compensation.  Non-compensation expenses were $2.4 billion up 14% from last quarter driven by an auction rate securities provision on the operating results at present, both of which are predominantly reflected in other expenses.  We continue to accrue compensation based on our earnings level on assessment of the market.  Our year-to-date compensation ratio is 47%. I would like to highlight two items that affected our revenues this quarter and to point out that even without them we had solid revenue growth in our core business. First, as you know this quarter we sold an additional portion of our investment in MSCI through a secondary offering that resulted in a $745 million gain.  Second, institutional securities results included approximately $1.5 billion of revenue for the widening of credit spreads on firm issued structured notes of which $941 million were recorded in fixed income and $509 million in equity. Exclusive of these items in both quarters and the gain from the sale of the Spanish wealth management business last quarter, our revenues increased 19%.  That solid revenue growth even in these difficult markets clearly underscores the breadth and depth of Morgan Stanley’s underlying client franchise.  This strong revenue growth included net losses of $1.3 billion related to trades and write-downs of legacy positions including mortgage-related assets, monolines and leverage lending. In addition, last month we announced our intention to repurchase at par approximately $5 billion of auction rate securities held by retail accounts of the firm.  This has resulted in a provision of $288 million for the estimated difference between the purchase price and the market value of these securities at the date of purchase and other losses.  This amount was almost entirely recorded in global wealth management. Now please let me turn to the businesses.  Starting with institutional securities detailed on page 5 of the supplement, net revenues of $5.9 billion which included the revenue in all structured notes and gain from MSCI was 63% higher than the second quarter.  Excluding these items from both quarters, revenues increased 34% of strong results in investment banking and equities and significantly improved results in fixed income.  Non-interest expense of $3.7 billion increased 27% from the second quarter of 08 predominantly reflecting an increase in compensation.  However, on a year-to-year date basis we are accruing at levels below last year.  Pre-tax income was $2.2 billion.  Our return in equity in this sector was 29%. In our investment banking segment we increased revenues across all categories despite subdued market volumes.  Looking at page 6 of the supplement, investment banking revenues were $1 billion up 18% from the last quarter driven by higher revenues in equity and fixed income underwriting.  During the quarter we advised on several important transactions including Verizon Wireless’ acquisition of Alltel and Dow Chemicals’ acquisition of Rohm and Haas.  Significant underwriting transactions included the European rights offering for UBS, [HBOS] and Imperial Tobacco as well as Rio Tinto’s issuance of investment grade debt, the largest ever investment grade issuance out of the metals and mining sector.  We are also honored to be advising the US Treasury of strategic alternatives for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and view this as a testament to the strength of our investment banking franchise. Our pipelines are broadly unchanged from last quarter and continue to be healthy.  We are maintaining high levels of strategic dialogue with corporate clients and financial sponsors alike.  We are well positioned to take advantage of client activity as it returns to the market. Advisory revenues of $401 million increased 9% from the second quarter while it strengthened the US and Asia although overall M&A volumes remain subdued.  Underwriting revenues increased 24% to $631 million.  Driven by our participation in the majority of the European financial rights issuances, equity underwriting revenues of $379 million were up 27% from last quarter.  Fixed income underwriting increased 20% to $252 million reflecting higher revenues from lower than non-investment grade issuance as well as improved results in securitized products which were partially offset by slowed investment grade issuance in the quarter. Page 6 of the supplement shows total sales and trading revenues of $4.2 billion up significantly from last quarter across both equity and fixed income sales and trading.  In equity sales and trading we had our second best quarter with revenues of $2.7 billion, 27% higher than the second quarter of 08.  Results reflected continued strength in prime brokerage and derivatives partially offset by seasonally lower commissions.   Prime brokerage reported record revenues this quarter with average customer balances essentially unchanged from last quarter.  Derivative revenues were flat to last quarter as better trading opportunities driven by volatility were offset by the absence of seasonal revenues.  Cash equity revenues declined 16% from last quarter on seasonally lower activity levels. Total fixed income sales and trading revenues were $1.9 billion as revenues increased across nearly all major categories.  Commodities increased 164% from last quarter and were near the solid results we reported in the first quarter.  Strong customer flows and an increasing volatility throughout the sector led to broad based strength. Interest rate, credit and currency trading revenues combined were up 29% from the second quarter on higher client flows.  Interest rate products were up on strong volume and currencies had a strong quarter benefiting from increased customer flows and volatility with favorable positioning.  Credit trading reported positive results compared to a loss in the second quarter.  Better results reflected higher customer activity levels and favorable positioning as credit spreads widened during the quarter. Losses related to monolines were $362 million this quarter.  Now aggregate and net direct exposure to monolines remain close to last quarter at $2.7 billion.  The net exposure includes $800 million of ABS wrap bonds held by our subsidiary banks, $1.5 billion of insured municipal bond securities, and $400 million of net counter-party exposure representing gross exposure of $5.5 billion net of hedges and cumulative credit valuation adjustments of $2 billion. A significant increase in our gross counter-party exposure reflects the current credit environment impacting the monolines.  We are managing this counter-party risk through a hedging program that utilizes both credit default swaps and transactions that effectively replace the potentially impaired component of underlying transactions as well as credit valuation adjustments. Significant deterioration in European mortgage fundamentals and continued losses in the US ALTA residential mortgage market drove losses in mortgage proprietary trading of $640 million.  We provide increased disclosure on pages 16 through 18 in our financial supplement. On page 16 of the supplement our total ABS CDO subprime net exposure is now zero and net write-downs of $200 million.  You’ll see on page 17 of the supplement that we reduced our net exposures to non-subprime residential mortgages to $6.5 billion from $6.7 billion.  Our gross exposure was $10.9 billion at quarter end down from $12.4 billion last quarter.  We continue to reduce our ALTA and UK loan exposures through a combination of executed trades and marks.  Our ALTA exposure was reduced to $2.2 billion and our UK mortgage loans were reduced to $1.5 billion from $1.9 million during the quarter.  Net losses in nonprime residential were $600 million. Our CMBS commercial home loan portfolio is well positioned across the regions.  On page 18 of the supplement you can see that we increased our net exposure to $7.7 billion from $6.4 billion while our gross exposure declined to $19.5 billion and $22.1 billion.  Talking through this, this is driven by decreases in CMBS backed warehouse lines which was reduced in the supplement to $1.6 billion from $1.9 billion.  Commercial loans which decreased to $4.6 billion from $6.3 billion and other secured financing which is reduced to $4.2 billion from $6.1 billion.  These reductions were partially offset by an increase in our gross exposure to CMBS swaps which ended at the third quarter at $3.3 billion up from $2 billion last quarter. Now whilst we continue to manage down our commercial loan and warehouse line exposures reducing this net exposure $2.1 billion this quarter, we are also acting on opportunities to take directional positions because of widening spreads and volatility.  That is why we give this level of disclosure so you can follow these categories.  We recorded a net gain of $200 million in this portfolio. Other sales and trading revenues were -$410 million this quarter primarily driven by net losses of $272 million in our lending businesses which include leverage acquisition finance and relationship lending.  These net losses reflect negative market movements and write-downs of $724 million offset by effective hedges.  Our leverage acquisition portfolio is now $9.3 billion down from $12.7 billion last quarter as you can see in the footnote on page 7 of the financial supplement. During the quarter we added $3.5 billion of new commitments and had $6.6 billion in reductions.  Included in the reductions are $3.4 billion of sales to third parties where we provided senior secured funding of $2.6 billion.  I committed to you that were we to provide financing under these trades, I would inform you of that. The retained senior debt securities are included in our relationship lending portfolio.  Also included in other sales and tradings are investment portfolio losses of $108 million from our subsidiary banks. Total average trading and non-trading VaR increased $128 million from $112 million last quarter reflecting an increase in non-trading VaR.  This was primarily driven by our lending book as we closed the remaining pipeline of deals early in the quarter.  Non-trading VaR at year-end was lower than the average on the subsequent sale of the loans.  Average trading VaR was flat to last quarter at $99 million as reductions in commodities and foreign exchange were offset by slight increases in equity and interest rate categories. Turning to capital and liquidity.  Obviously given the volatility of the markets we remain very focused on maintaining a strong capital position, high levels of liquidity and prudent leverage ratios.  Page 4 of the financial supplement highlights our current capital position.  We continue to be well capitalized with excess capital.  Whilst we are still in the process of finalizing our Tier 1 ratio for August, we expect to report a ratio in our 10Q filing next month that will be approximately 12.7%.  This increase was driven by retained earnings and stable risk-rated asset levels which we continue to maintain. Looking ahead we are well positioned to continue investing in our businesses and take advantage of potential market opportunities. We continue to strengthen our liquidity position in the quarter and actively managed down positions requiring significant cash funding and reallocated the balance sheet liquid assets with significant two-way cost in the flows.  Total liquidity which includes liquidity at the parent company, bank and non-bank subsidiary levels was $179 billion at quarter end and averaged $175 billion in the quarter up 30% from the $135 billion average last quarter. Parent company liquidity was $77 billion at quarter end and averaged $81 billion up from an average of $74 billion in the second quarter.  Banks and non-bank subsidiaries liquidity position was $102 billion at quarter end and averaged $94 billion in the quarter versus an average of $61 billion last quarter. Because of higher levels of liquidity we’ve further reduced our commercial paper outstanding to $7.8 billion for this quarter end down $4.5 billion from last quarter.  Due to significant spread widening we chose not to issue long-term debt in the public markets, and as I mentioned last quarter we’d already covered our 2008 financing needs.  However we did issue incremental non-public structured notes at attractive pricing levels. Our overall liquidity planning and financing capabilities continued to work successfully.  We are obtaining term, broadening the collateral categories that existing and new parties will accept, retaining stability and haircuts and collateral schedules as well as diversifying our regional scope. The weighted average maturity across all asset classes in our repo and stock lending books was over 40 days at quarter end which is unchanged from last quarter.  To be clear, when we provide you with weighted average maturity we include all secured financing mechanisms or trades; for example repos, security loans and collateral upgrades across all financial asset classes including fixed income products, equities, capital commitments and other receivables are structure products.  In other words, the full spectrum of everything that is funded in our secured funding books.  At the end of the third quarter the total notional amount of all secured financing was $311 billion and a relatively small portion 22% of this is overnight. The most difficult to fund non-central bank eligible assets which includes capital commitments and other receivables represents roughly 10% of our funding needs and had a weighted average maturity of greater than 90 days. We are managing our balance sheet prudently and further reducing both total and adjusted assets during the quarter.  Our discipline in maintaining an appropriately sized balance sheet in today’s environment along with our strong capital position has brought our total leveraged ratio down to 23.5 times from 25.1 and our adjusted leveraged ratio down to 12.9 from 14.1 at the end of the second quarter.  Our strong capital position, high levels of liquidity and lower leverage enables us to take advantage of market opportunities. Given the current market dynamics coupled with the significant reduction in our balance sheet, our level three assets increased to approximately 8% of total assets at August 31. Now turning to page 8 of the supplement and our global wealth management business.  The Business supported a pre-tax loss of $34 million including a provision of $277 million relating to auction rate securities.  Excluding the divestiture gain last quarter, revenues decreased 9% sequentially on lower new issuance activity but increased investment banking and principal trading revenues primarily in fixed income.  Fees were flat despite lower market levels while commissions fell 6% on slowing transactions volumes.  This business continues to provide us with a source of stable recurring revenues. Non-interest expense increased 10% from last quarter including the provision related to auction rate securities.  Away from the provision, non-interest expense decreased on lower compensation and professional services expenses.  Without the auction rate securities provision, PBT for the quarter would have been $243 million and PBT margin was 16%. On page 9 you can see the productivity metrics which continue to highlight the underlying strength of this business.  Net new assets of $13.7 billion represented our 10th consecutive quarter of positive client inflows and our second highest ever.  Total client assets decreased 4% from last quarter to $707 billion reflecting lower market levels partially offset by net new assets. RFA headcount increased 2% from the second quarter to 8,500.  RFA levels are now higher than they were before last quarter’s divestiture of our Spanish wealth management business.  We continue to successfully recruit high-producing FAs and year-to-date we are seeing record recruiting volume and record low FA turnover.  We are net positive both in the number of FA hires and trailing production of these hires across all our major competitors.  Both revenues and assets per FA declined modestly driven by the greater number of financial advisors and lower revenue and asset levels. Our bank deposits grew to $36 billion as clients continue to keep assets in cash due to the volatile markets. Let me turn to asset management on page 10 of the supplement.  The business reported a pre-tax loss of $204 million.  Revenues were up 33% from last quarter to $647 million though this business continued to be negatively impacted by the difficult operating environment.  Losses associated with negative marks in our merchant banking portfolios, private equity infrastructure and real estate namely were lower than last quarter.  Losses of structured investment vehicles held in our balance sheet were significantly lower than last quarter and had minimal impact this quarter. As we disclosed last quarter we now consolidate Crescent our real estate subsidiary within asset management which added $85 million in net revenues.  These are the primary drivers of our revenue growth which were partially offset by slightly lower management and administration fees driven by less favorable asset mix at a lower average asset balances.  Non-interest expenses of $850 million increased 19% for the second quarter primarily driven by the operating costs for Crescent partially offset by lower compensation. Asset management continues to operate in difficult markets and our merchant banking business is clearly subject to market conditions.  This year the primary driver of the decline in revenues is the negative marks of the real estate portfolio compared to the significant gains reported last year, the lower marks in seed investments, lower performance fees, and losses associated with [siffs]. Aside from Crescent our total real estate net exposure which includes direct investments in our real estate, private equity and infrastructure funds was $4.1 billion as of the end of the quarter.  This exposure does not include the assets included in investments for the benefit of employee compensation or co-investment funds. Turning to pages 11, 12 and 13 of the supplement, you can see the assets under management and asset flow data.  Total assets under management decreased 6% to $570 billion primarily due to the market impact in equities.  We did generate $1.6 billion in positive flows in the quarter.  While flows continue to be positive in our non-US and US institutional channels, our retail in US institutional channels recorded outflows this quarter.  The retail business continues to be a major focus and we are committed to improving our performance in this space. From an asset class perspective, there were $1.2 billion of inflows into core with international money markets driving inflows into fixed income.  Alternative products also recorded positive inflows.  However we experienced outflows in equity products.  Inflows into merchant banking products were $400 million in the quarter. Despite our losses this quarter we are committed to investing in this business as we see many long-term growth opportunities in the asset management area.  The turnaround for this business will take some time. The issues we are facing are compounded by the current environment.  We are keenly focused on improving performance and have hired new talent and made organizational management changes.  We are also focused on enhancing and utilizing all our distribution channels.  In merchant banking our strongest franchise real estate is at the weakest point in the cycle.  However we continue to attract capital for new funds.  In private equity and infrastructure we also continue to attract capital and these businesses are currently in investing mode. The market environment continues to present many challenges for our asset management businesses but we are confident that we can drive this business to competitive advantage when markets improve. On page 3 of the supplement you can see the regional revenue disclosures at the firm-wide levels.  This quarter 42% of our revenues were international with 32% in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, 10% from Asia, and 58% came from the Americas. As you know we suspended our buy-back program at the end of last year.  We continue to evaluate this program in light of market conditions.  As of August 31, 2008 we did not repurchase any shares of common stock this fiscal year as part of our capital management share repurchase program.  On September 8, 2008 our outstanding share count was reduced by 24 million shares in connection with employee tax withholding obligations resulting from the conversion of certain restricted stock unit awards previously granted to employees to common stock.  I am reserving the right to restart my share repurchase program. Now a few words on the outlook, this is clearly the most challenging market environment we have seen.  Whilst we expect severe cyclical challenges in the short term, we remain very positive on the secular story.  As you know, we’ve been cautious of the markets and our view has not changed, and we believe the remainder of the year will be challenging especially in the light of recent events.  This is why we have consistently focused on reducing our exposure and legacy assets and maintaining surplus capital. We have been working with a consortium of commercial and investment banks on a series of initiatives to help stabilize financial markets and provide additional liquidity if needed.  These include among other measures:  Working cooperatively to ensure that Lehman’s positions and derivative exposures are unwound in an orderly and fair manner and establishing a collateralized borrowing facility of at least $70 billion that will be available to members of the consortium to provide additional liquidity.  In addition, the Fed is also adding more liquidity to the market by expanding the primary dealer credit facility and making other rule changes, significant changes. Investor sentiment remains negative which directly impacts trading volumes and client flows.  While the US economy continues to be sluggish, the downturn is beginning to spread to other parts of the world.  Macroeconomic uncertainty will continue to put pressure on emerging market economies.  We do not expect the volatility in the market to subside until at the very least the mortgage market, ultimately the housing market, stabilizes. We believe this environment provides us with the opportunity to invest in our core businesses.  We are adding new talent, investing in technology and expanding internationally.  We have a tremendous opportunity to gain clients and market share.  Our pipelines remain healthy, and while monetizing them near term may be challenging, strategic dialogues continue at high levels.  The drivers of secular growth, globalization, disintermediation and alternative asset pools are intact. Morgan Stanley is well positioned to giving our leading client franchise global diversification and a strong balance sheet. By way of summary so that you understand the Morgan Stanley view, our business and our brand, we are navigating through this unprecedented environment.  We have done it and we will continue to do it in the future. Thank you.  I will now take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)  Our first question comes from Guy Moszkowski - Merrill Lynch.
Guy Moszkowski: I really just want to ask you about this issue that everybody’s so concerned about the funding viability of the independent broker dealers.  Viability is probably too strong a word to use but obviously spreads have gapped a lot.  You did allude to that in terms of executing your funding program just this quarter.  How do you trade off the cost of funding that you’re seeing in the market relative to the desire to grow or not grow the balance sheet, and all of that obviously in the context of the fact that you’ve been bringing down your balance sheet pretty significantly over the last 12 months anyway?
Colm Kelleher: The good news Guy is that we pre-funded.  So we don’t have to issue for the rest of this year and frankly I can delay issuance in 2009 by a significant amount too.  The issue here is I don’t believe these unsecured funding levels are sustainable.  Now I don’t know where they’re going to end up but I’m absolutely convinced that when the fear comes out of this market and confidence returns, you’ll get a much more sensible funding level.  At that stage I think it’s about fundamental credit analyses of the institutions you’re buying into, which is why we are trying to disclose more so you understand the basis of our credit and the risk associated.  So I do believe that unsecured funding returns.  I do believe it will be at sensible levels.  When we actually work out what those levels are that clearly will have an impact on how an innovative and let’s be honest responsive investment bank will respond in that environment.
Guy Moszkowski: That’s fair.  Maybe we can go to a more granular question.  Maybe you can walk us through how the major hedges that you use in for example your commercial real estate activities and other areas where you have used hedges, how they performed for you during the quarter relative to what we saw last quarter?
Colm Kelleher: They performed relatively well.  As you can see from the schedules we’ve given, we’ve not had any asynchronist behavior from the hedges.  Obviously in some areas we find hedges are not effective and we manage the risk appropriately more often than not by selling the exposure, but I think the schedules will show that we haven’t had this.  Clearly CDAs we’ve taken off significantly in the quarter and that’s the cost of doing the business, but I have no issues with the way our hedges have performed.
Guy Moszkowski: And finally, just on the subprime disclosure where obviously it does net to zero at this point and it’s a little bit of a riff on the last question.  We see that at zero and yet obviously that is the result of a netting.  Can you give us a sense for plus or minus what you think is a reasonable expectation that we might see in further losses ahead?
Colm Kelleher: I think what you need to look at is we’ve clearly written down the residuals.  They’ve thrown off some cash still.  We’ve got the super senior subprime CDO which is there, which is significantly down from I think the $14.3 billion we originally showed.  The valuation range, it’s all very much marked in the low teens.  So frankly I think that that pretty much exhausted.  We may get some recovery in the earlier vintages but my view is that it’s become a non-issue.
Operator: Our next question comes from Prashant Bhatia - Citigroup.
Prashant Bhatia: Just on Lehman and AIG, any color on the exposures to those two?
Colm Kelleher: Sure.  As you know we do collateralized dealing.  On margin our exposure is not material in terms of income and it’s as simple as that.
Prashant Bhatia: So not really a big deal there?
Colm Kelleher: No big deal.
Prashant Bhatia: On the retail brokerage side, I guess we’ve never seen a situation where you have potentially 16,000 financial advisors in flux.  Is there an offensive plan here to try and capitalize on the situation?
Colm Kelleher: There most definitely is and we’re clearly getting a lot of phone calls and we’re very comfortable about that given our even in these turbulent times, so we feel very optimistic and very positive about the outlook for the growth of that business.
Prashant Bhatia: On the prime brokerage side, it looks like the record revenues even coming off of seasonally strong last quarter, how much of that is share gain versus pricing?  Can you shed any light on that?
Colm Kelleher: Pretty much pricing to be honest; not share gain.  Frankly given our balance sheet and so on, I’m kind of comfortable with the size of our balances where they are.  So I think as I said to you last quarter and indeed the quarter before, we’re looking to pricing power and we’re looking to good partners in that business and that’s the way we’re going to view it.  It is certainly not a market share strategy.
Prashant Bhatia: The $1.4 million in write-ups on the debt side, is there any change in methodology there?  It didn’t look like the spreads had gapped up that much more than the past.
Colm Kelleher: No.  I think what you’ve done is you’ve underestimated the duration of that debt.  We actually have a longer duration of that debt than the analysts have given, which is actually a good thing.  To be honest with you I’d rather our debt wasn’t gapping out because it’s a distraction.
Prashant Bhatia: You touched on it a little bit on the need for bank deposits and the perception around the necessity to have these deposits.  It doesn’t seem like you’re necessarily in that camp.  Could you just talk about your $36 billion in deposits that you had?
Colm Kelleher: Sure.  It’s a good thing to have.  It’s a nice thing to have.  It’s part of the service for our retail business.  And obviously that is pretty much in proportion to the number of brokers you’re going to have.  So I think it’s an alternative funding source which we like but I go back to my issue of depository institutions are not key to our strategy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Glenn Schorr - UBS.
Glenn Schorr: When you mentioned the Crescent and when you mentioned the revenue impact, did you mention any marks related to them in the quarter?
Colm Kelleher: No, if you remember we had accumulative marks up to the end of the second quarter, $300 million.  At that point, we said we were consolidating it, as part of the consolidation we clearly had external valuations checked, brought it in and as you know it was fully consolidated.  At August 31 we have real estate properties of $4.3 billion but against that we have secured financing of $3.3 billion so that’s the way you should think about present.
Glenn Schorr: You reduced your exposures, have a lot of liquidity, you have the highest Tier 1 in the group but there still is the 30 or 40, depending on which you count, of growth exposure come down some.  I’m going to combine and make it a long question because they’re really interrelated.  I wanted to get the average marks if you could on some of the bigger positions in commercial and residential and then [inaudible].
Colm Kelleher: Sure.  I’m glad you asked that.  Despite not liking to use averages due to the wide disparities of value across vintages and ratings, let me say the following regarding some of our key exposures.  On average, a weighted average, CMBS bonds are marked to the low 70s, the US, the average is 66, the UK the average is 87.  We continue to trade and observe marks through trading.  Senior commercial loans are valued in the high 80s to low 90s, mezzanine commercial loans are marked in the mid 70s, ALTAs are marked in the mid 30s, US & UK residential loans are valued in the mid 80s.  Just to let you know post quarter end, we continue to make sales and prove those marks.  Subprime ABSCDO mezzanine positions are marked in the low teens and our leverage finance portfolio is valued in the mid 80s and as you know we did reduction trades there which valued our marks as well.  Hopefully that’s helpful.
Glenn Schorr: Now, on Slide Four I think you mentioned you had $7.1 billion of unallocated capital.  You took down the capital at the investment bank, just a little geography there but it’s interesting because people are obviously begging for deleveraging, you did some but you also dangled the carrot of potential buybacks.  In this environment, with your CDS spreads hitting almost quadruple digits, do you use that unallocated capital and big Tier 1 ratio and big capital ratio to bring down leverage some more even though it’s an inefficient and inaccurate measure of [inaudible].
Colm Kelleher: Glen, I’ve got reserve optionality.  I mean, frankly I clearly believe in my book value.  There are some people out there who don’t so we’re going to manage in the benefit and interest of our shareholders accordingly.  So, I have a number of options I can do and I will pursue those given the strength of our capital position not just on a regulatory capital which you see but also on our economic capital market model which, as you know, as we’ve gone through with you, is a pretty conservative model.  I have a number of options.
Glenn Schorr: Last one, this is an easy one, do we care about really wide CDS spreads in the short term?  I mean we care about much wider funding costs on the debt chart in the long term but as you said, you don’t need to fund now so in the short term –
Colm Kelleher: I mean I care that it could be contagion and you’ve got fear in the market and a lack of confidence.  It is clearly – and certain peoples are focusing on CDS as an excuse to look at the equities and my view is look we need these markets to normalize, what we need is confidence.  We are confident, the regulators are doing a lot and frankly I believe this nonsense will end.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Mike Mayo – Deutsche Bank.
Mike Mayo: I think I know the answer to this but why did you report early tonight and what did you want to highlight the most?
Colm Kelleher: I wanted to highlight the strength and robustness of Morgan Stanley, its diversification and its strengths.  I want to have a building block in a bridge to rebuilding confidence in this market where things are frankly getting out of hand and ridiculous rumors are being repeated, some of which if I wrote down today and reread tomorrow I would probably think I was dreaming.  That is exactly why we’ve reported Mike, because I think it’s very important to get some sanity back in to the market.
Mike Mayo: But let me go along those lines.  So to the extend rating agencies say capital could be fine and liquidity could be fine but they could still downgrade based on market sentiment if it impacts funding.  How can you protect yourself against that potential outcome?
Colm Kelleher: Look, it’s an interesting debate.  It’s not an override.  I think my issue is to reach out to our investors, our customers and explain what we’re about, right?  At some stage, people are going to have to make that decision for themselves and so far we are getting a very strong vote from our customers and our real investors.  So look, talk to the rating agencies.
Mike Mayo: Well, I guess the, is 12.7% Tier One the right number?  I know there’s no right number but does Morgan Stanley need to have significantly higher capital levels through the cycle as a result of current events?
Colm Kelleher: Look, I think when the dust settles, we’re going to look at what funding costs are, what the risk adjusted return is on certain businesses.  Frankly, I think we need normalized markets to meet those decisions and the great thing about the investment banking model is that it is very adaptable to making those decisions.  So we’ll deal with it then and I’ll have a better idea at the moment.  I’m very much in the situation of maintaining strong capital, strong liquidity.  I keep my leverage down.
Mike Mayo: Let me get into the more mundane questions, at least relatively.  Revenues, commodities had a great quarter.  Proprietary trading and equities did really well.  How do you feel about the ability to repeat those or your outlook for some of those revenues?
Colm Kelleher: Look, one of the unfortunate consequences of what’s happened in the market is that’s clearly some of our competitors are impaired or distracted or gone.  And I think barriers to re-entry of them be very high in this business for some of the reasons you’ve said.  So I feel incredibly confident that when normal markets return with strong customer flow, we are going to be incredibly well-positioned.
Mike Mayo: I guess I was thinking of commodities.  Commodities have come down a little bit here.
Colm Kelleher: Yes.  But the way, I think there’s a misunderstanding on the way we trade commodities.  We tend not to trade from the directional basis; we tend to trade from a relative value basis, Mike, based very much on strong cost or input.
Mike Mayo: Lastly, non-U.S, it’s been a big growth focus.  You mentioned it’s slowing some.  Are you allocating relatively less capital outside?  Are you slowing hiring?  What are you doing in response?
Colm Kelleher: No, not at the moment but I do think we’re not allocating less at the moment.  But let’s be honest.  We think the smart thing to do here is to hire some great talent and we started doing that, some of which you know about and that is global.  But we’ll also have an opportunity to hire some superb talent in the U.S.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ron Mendel – GIC.
Ron Mendel: Question I guess relates to, you referred several times to when markets normalize and so on and we all know the old saying about how long it can take markets to normalize versus our patience, and so on.  And so I guess looking at your credit default slots and the investment banking model is really built for credit defaults slots spread to be, I don’t know, maybe under 100 or under 200 but apparently considerably less than they are now.  So I guess what I’m wondering is what is plan B if it does take longer to normalize and how your business model might change in dealing with that.
Colm Kelleher: Well, Ron, the issue is I don’t think you can make that decision yet.  If we have a systemic change in the model because of funding, we will change our allocation of capital resources and size the sheet accordingly.  We have been through various changes in the cycle to do that.  But at the moment –
Ron Mendel: What are some of the changes that you’ve made so far that might be a guidance to what we might –
Colm Kelleher: Well, you would clearly reduce your balance sheet and you would take away from the capital intensive businesses or more capital intensive business but frankly, we’re not about position at the moment.  I think it’s far too early to know.  What we’re certainly have been doing a much better job of is focusing on businesses that are on risk adjusted basis, give us a better return so we’re already been pulling away from certain businesses and you’ve seen that. But frankly, to talk about funding levels here or how that’s going to affect our business at the moment, I don’t know the answer but I’m pretty sure that we will return to a more normal level of funding and at that point, we will address the issues of what the competition of our balance sheet is and how and we allocate capital.
Ron Mendel: Yes.  I guess my concern is that, I’ve been saying, if it takes longer than expected then you need to maintain very high levels of capital and high levels of liquidity which then have the potential negative effect of reducing profitability.  So I guess I’m just worried about being proactive to make sure that it doesn’t get to that point.
Colm Kelleher: Well, we clearly are very proactive about, Ron, and we’ll stay in touch on it, yes?
Operator: Your next question comes from Guy Moszkowski – Merrill Lynch.
Guy Moszkowski: Colm, I just wanted to come back to the capital issue, specifically with respect to Tier One and the, I guess you’d call it, an exposure draft that the BIS has out for comment by mid-October, looking at reweighting RWA to put more weight on market risk assets and I was wondering if you had any comment on that and if you’ve done any work to try to quantify the impact on yourselves.
Colm Kelleher: Well, we have reviewed the new BIS standards which, as you said, regarding incremental risks and credit products within our training book and we’ve clearly been talking with the SEC about these.  We’re not sure, in fact we’re pretty sure that these will not have a material impact on our own capital reporting given our own economic capital model anyway. But one of the things that I have been convinced about, Guy, and I’ve spoken to you before about is that in this environment, you will need to put up more capital against various parts of your trading book and that comes back to the issue of risk adjusted returns and how you allocate capital.  And I feel pretty comfortable that we can react accordingly in that.
Guy Moszkowski: But you don’t see all, that you’ve already essentially incorporated that, is that if you feel you’re going to need to do more, you’re not doing it yet.
Colm Kelleher: No, no, no.  Well, we certainly incorporated that, which you refer to but generally, I think that if you were looking forward, you’ve got to assume that certain trading books will attract more capital charge and when that happens, you’re going to have to deal with what that means.  And one of the reasons I’ve maintained such a large capital surplus is to deal with potential regular exchanges.
Operator: Your next question comes from Douglas Sipkin – Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC.
Douglas Sipkin: Just wanted to follow up a little bit more on the wealth management segment because I think Prashant alluded to it.   Just feels like there’s a great opportunity for you guys, especially the business with the traction it’s gaining recently.  I guess I just wanted to ask a question around how the compensation structures are changing for hiring brokers.  Just looking to get a range of what you guys are have to paying over the last trailing 12 months and how that’s progressing downward or upward over time.  How should we be thinking about that?
Colm Kelleher: Well, it’s not changing at the moment and I don’t want to get into more detail than that.  But suffice to say that James and Ellyn McColgan are very excited.  We’re getting a lot of incoming calls, top quality people and we feel very, very positive like you do about that business.  So I think people are attracted to the Morgan Stanley brand and franchise.  They like the nature of this business and the actual stages of ours as an independent investment bank so we get a lot of income.  And as you can see, we’re beginning to hire quite aggressively.
Douglas Sipkin: The next question is just an extension of, I think, what a couple of the other analysts have talked about.  Obviously, it’s a panic stricken environment, CDS market, etc.  And I know the decisions to buy back stock are in your control.  I see in the aftermarket, your stocks at about $28.20, your book value is $31.25 and I know you guys believe wholeheartedly in your book value and I’m not implying that something needs to be done now given the precarious state of the markets but in your viewpoint, that balancing act, is that becoming more possible if the market stabilizes, if the stock stays here below book value?
Colm Kelleher: I am preserving all options in the interest of the shareholders so I will keep a very close eye on it.
Douglas Sipkin: Finally, any color on how you guys are positioning yourselves to potentially take advantage of what’s likely to be a lot of distressed selling over the next couple of months?  I know you guys have done a good job reshifting your balance sheet to maybe exploit opportunities so you can see yourself being aggressive in that stance or you guys are still working through legacy exposures that you still want to be careful?
Colm Kelleher: No, I don’t think we’re working through legacy.  My view is we look at risk adjusted returns, right?  You can clearly see in CMBS, we’ve taken on that exposure up a bit.  We see value there and that’s why we continue to give you more disclosure.  But look, on a risk adjusted basis we feel we have the ammunition and fire power to take advantage of these markets.  Some of these prices, frankly, have got to silly and irrational levels so we’re going to have the ability to take advantage of that, the markets continue to down trade.  Now, I believe in an inflection point in certain asset classes so we’ll see, yes?
Douglas Sipkin: Finally, I know you guys have done a good job on the leverage side bringing down the assets.  It just feels like the market, and for better or worse and for right or wrong, wants to see that leverage ratio lower.  Any thought to, and I asked this on your competitor’s call this morning, any thought to potentially just doing something to calm the market?  I think at this point, the mark would probably look favorably upon it.
Colm Kelleher: Like what?
Douglas Sipkin: In terms of shrinking the leverage with more equity.
Colm Kelleher: You know, I’m not second guess this market.  This market is a very strange market so I think we’re comfortable where we are and we’re just going to continue to disclose and be as transparent as we can be.
Operator: Your last question comes from Roger Freeman – Lehman Brothers.
Roger Freeman: I guess I heard your comments with respect to the feedback loop between CDS and the stock price.  Certainly, I understand that one well.  I guess when you think about the short term impact of the CDS res blowing out, is there an impact in the fixed income business with clients’ willingness to engage in CDS trading, that sort of thing?  Is there any immediate fallout from that?
Colm Kelleher: Look, we’ve not seen too much yet but this is a very compressed period of time.  Most of our clients continue to trade with us.  At most, the vast majority, you have some people who are playing games but they’re playing games across the street.  In fact, I’ve taken a number of phone calls in the last two days from my contemporaries at other institutions to find out the games that are going on.  But I do think it’s a temporary phenomena, Roger, and I think that the market will stabilize.
Roger Freeman: I guess in terms of some of the flow commentary you were talking about:  rates, currencies, commodities.  If you were to aggregate that, August versus June, July and September versus August –
Colm Kelleher: No.  I mean, rates as far as June.  Look, here’s the way I’d put it broadly and then we can, June was a very good month.  May, as you know, was a good month if you look back in the quarter.  May began with a very weak first month.  Hilltop ended in a strong month.  We went into June, which is a very strong month.  July slowed down and August actually was a high [inaudible], generally, across all. So that’s the way I look at it and that’s what you’re getting is peaks and troughs in trading activity here where the market seems to freeze for a while and then come back.  See, you have to make sure you’re positioned and agile.
Roger Freeman: And in September, so far, obviously a lot of volatility.  How does the –
Colm Kelleher: Looking good so far.
Roger Freeman: In your commercial loan and securities portfolio in aggregate, can you bucket at all the property types behind those in terms of retail versus multi-family, anything like that?
Colm Kelleher: Not really.  It’s main commercial, right?  You mean our commercial loans?
Roger Freeman: Yes, within commercial, property types.  How much –
Colm Kelleher: Well, are you talking about –
Roger Freeman: Multi-family apartments, that sort of thing.
Colm Kelleher: Well, it’s mainly, well, we forget the categories.  We have whole loans, which are commercial whole loans.  You’ll see it on the schedule.  Within Crescent, there is a percentage of residential, which is a small amount of residential in that.  But by and large, CMBS is commercial whole loans or CMBS, yes?
Roger Freeman: Just lastly, in terms of the hiring that you’ve talked about and was written about widely, I guess back in August, what portion of that may be directed at wealth management as opposed to other parts of the business?  Can you comment on –
Colm Kelleher: No, I think the hiring in wealth management is ongoing business because that’s a very strong franchise which James built up and Ellyn is now already developing so I wouldn’t call that strategic.  The hiring that we’ve referred to was the ability to go and unclog gaps and as you know, there’s some pretty big names that have come across.  Frankly, we got some new people we can go after given recent events, Roger. Thank you, everybody.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference.  This concludes the presentation.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-06-18 15:45:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Morgan Stanley conference call.  The following is a live broadcast by Morgan Stanley and is provided as a courtesy.  Please note that this call is being broadcast on the internet through the company’s website at www.MorganStanley.com.  A replay of the call and the webcast will be available through the company’s website and by phone through July 18, 2008. This presentation may contain forward-looking statements.  You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date on which they are made which reflect management’s current estimates, projections, expectations or beliefs and which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. For a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of the company, please see forward-looking statements immediately proceeding part 1, item 1; competition and regulation in part 1, item 1; risk factors in part 1, item 1A; legal proceedings in part 1, item 3; management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operation in part 2, item 7; and quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risks in part 2, item 7A of the company’s annual report on form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2007 and other items throughout the form 10-K; and the company’s quarterly report on form 10-Q for the period ended February 29, 2008; also the company’s 2008 current reports on form 8-K. The presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures.  The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in our annual report on form 10-K, our quarterly report on form 10-Q and our current reports on 8-K which are available on our website, www.MorganStanley.com. Any recording, rebroadcast or other use of this presentation in whole or in part is strictly prohibited without prior written consent of Morgan Stanley.  This presentation is copyrighted and proprietary to Morgan Stanley.  At this time I would like to turn the program over to Mr. Colm Kelleher for today’s call.
Colm Kelleher: Good morning and thank you for joining us.  What I’m going to review with you today will be consistent with what we have been saying about business conditions in the quarter. Strong client flows characterized the first quarter.  Second quarter flows were severely disrupted by the Bear Stearns situation and the fallout of the forced liquidation of hedge funds and financial institutions continuing to raise capital and recognize further write downs and ongoing [FEEB]. Following the events in March that froze the markets, client activity improved but remained subdued throughout the remainder of the quarter and had a significant impact on revenues in our institutional securities business.  There were a few attractive risk adjusted opportunities and we continue to be prudent in our use of capital. The strength and health of our balance sheet will be evident when we disclose our tier 1 ratio in the 10-Q.  While we are still finalizing the numbers, we expect our tier 1 ratio will be between 11.5-12%.  The themes that we laid out last quarter, including market deleveraging and de-risking continue. We further reduce our leverage to 25.1 times, adjusted leverage to 14.1 times and increased our [peer aden] liquidity to $169 billion and feel we have navigated through this difficult quarter.  Let me begin with an overview of our firm-wide results outlined on pages 1 and 2 of our financial supplement. We generated net income of $1 billion, diluted earnings per share of $0.95 and a return on equity of 12%.  These results included the divestiture of our Spanish onshore mass affluent wealth management business reported in global wealth management which affected profit before tax by $698 million and EPS by $0.43. We also completed a partial sale of our investment in MSCI through a secondary offering that had an additional impact on our profit before tax of $732 million and a $0.45 impact on earnings per share.  Results also included severance charges related to our recent reduction in force that reduced EPS by $0.15. While extremely challenging markets had a broad impact, several franchise businesses performed well, including prime brokerage, cash equity trading and foreign exchange.  Our global wealth management business contributed strong results due to the momentum we’ve established with increasingly productive brokers and the fact that retail investors remained relatively engaged. Firm-wide net revenues were $6.5 billion and PBT margin was 22%.  Non-interest expenses were $5.1 billion, down 70% from the first quarter driven by lower compensation that included severance expenses of approximately $245 million. On page 3 of the financial supplement you can see the total global headcount decreased by 4% from yearend, reflecting our continued efforts to resize certain businesses in this difficult operating environment.  The compensation to net revenue ratio was 46% or 54%, excluding the severance of the impact from the gains. Our current estimate of compensation to net revenue ratio for the next two quarters would be closer to first quarter of 08, excluding severance charges of 47%.  This is the ratio you should model going forward. Non-compensation expenses were $2.1 billion.  Our non-comp levels are consistent with prior periods as we are using operating efficiencies to fund investments in technology and geographic expansion to enhance our client servicing capabilities. Now let me turn to the businesses.  Starting with institutional securities detailed on page 5 of the supplement, these results were significantly affected by the ongoing market challenges and the corresponding decrease in client activity that we experienced this quarter. Net revenues of $3.6 billion were 42% lower than the first quarter and include $744 million from the secondary offering of MSCI that you will see in other revenues in the institutional securities income statement.  Excluding the gain, revenues decreased 54%. Non-interest expense of $2.9 billion decreased 28% from the first quarter of 08.  Excluding the severance charges in both quarters, these expenses decreased 31% from the first quarter, primarily driven by lower compensation as a result of lower revenues.  Pretax income was $679 million with an ROE of 9%. Revenues in investment banking decreased 11% from the first quarter, although our overall pipelines continue to be healthy with corporates maintaining high levels of strategic dialogue. This quarter we’ve participated in several high profile deals, including: Time Warner Cable’s $42 billion separation transactions, Northwest Airlines’ announced merger with Delta, GE Capital’s $8.5 billion debt offering, New World Resources’ $2.5 billion IPO and CIT Group’s $1.5 billion concurrent common and convertible offering. Looking at page 6 of the supplement, investment banking revenues were $875 million.  Advisory revenues were $367 million, a 17% decrease from the first quarter, in line with completed industry volumes.  Underwriting revenues decreased 5% to $508 million, as higher equity underwriting revenues were offset by lower revenues in fixed income underwriting. Sequentially, equity underwriting revenues of $298 million were up 14% driven by improved activity levels from the first quarter of 08.  Fixed income underwriting decreased 24% to $210 million, reflecting lower revenues from loans and securitized products which offset strong results in bond issuance, particularly investment grade. Page 6 of the supplement shows total sales and trading revenues of $2 billion, down 61% from the strong results of last quarter.  Last quarter our trading businesses produced exceptional results on the back of our client franchise.  Since then, client activity, illiquid credit markets and poor positioning drove trading revenues significantly lower, particularly in fixed income. Total fixed income sales and trading revenues were $414 million, down 85% from the first quarter of 08 on low revenues across all major categories as the difficult credit environment continued to weigh on the corporate credit and mortgage businesses. While volumes in interest rate and currency businesses remained strong, unfavorable rates positioning drove revenues lower.  Interest rate, credit and currency trading revenues combined were down 63% from the first quarter.  Credit trading generated a loss.  In addition to overall subdued customer activity levels, our results included losses of $390 million which I’ll refer to again later from monoline exposures. The credit trading loss also included a $120 million negative adjustment to marks previously taken in our London traders book that did not comply with firm policies.  Let me add here that our valuation review group and business unit controllers, in the course of a valuation review, became aware of some anomalies in marks and reacted accordingly. We continue to work out our mortgage proprietary trading business and significantly reduce its losses versus last quarter.  Our commodities business declined 67% from last quarter on poor positioning in North American electricity.  Firm issued structured notes have little impact on this quarter’s fixed income results. Equity sales and trading revenue of $2.1 billion were 39% lower than last quarter’s record results as the market environment led to significantly lower derivatives and proprietary trading revenues, which offset continued strength in prime brokerage and cash trading. Despite the severe drop in volumes in the credit markets, global equity volume has remained strong resulting in a slightly higher cash equity revenues.  Derivative revenues were 25% lower than the first quarter as volatility levels decreased, creating fewer trading opportunities. Prime brokerage business produced strong revenues with average customer balances up slightly from last quarter.  The quarter’s equity results also benefitted from a $90 million gain on firm issued structured notes. Let me now update you on our progress in managing down our exposures in those areas most affected by the credit cycle downturn that began last summer.  At that time our exposures were at peak levels in areas that concerned us most, namely leveraged lending, commercial real estate and residual subprime. Today and in our 10-Q, we will be disclosing broader gross exposure information to help you understand the financial impact of the marks we have taken in commercial mortgage backed and monolines.  Our leveraged acquisition portfolio is now down to $12.7 billion from a peak of $35 billion in the third quarter.  This number is imbedded in the non-investment grade loans and commitments, or $22.3 billion on page 7 of the supplement. Some liquidity did return here in the marketplace this quarter.  We had net positive market movements of $430 million on non-investment grade loan commitments, which were offset by losses on hedges of $910 million, resulting in net losses of $496 million.  These losses were primarily in the leveraged acquisition portfolio. These are the major components of the $590 million loss reported in other sales and trading.  Last year we anticipated CMBS commercial whole loan issues early and repositioned our portfolio across regions with a greater proportion of the reduction in net exposure coming out of the US. We have provided details of our gross and net exposures of CMBS and commercial whole loans on page 70 of our financial supplement.  We continue to get observable market prices from executed trades and as you can see in the supplement, we reduced our net exposure to $6.4 billion from $11.6 billion and our gross exposure to $22.1 billion from $23.5 billion.  Please note that included in the gross exposure are other secured financings that we do not consider to be at risk assets.  Total losses this quarter here were $100 million. On page 16 of the supplement, we reduced our total ABS CDO subprime net exposure this quarter to $300 million from $1.8 billion.  As stated earlier, we have optimized our subprime portfolio with exposure primarily in higher quality vintages which we are managing more efficiently. Our hedges have performed well, producing a $300 million gain and we reduced our super-senior mezzanine exposures by $1.2 billion from last quarter through dispositions and write downs. In other mortgage related exposures, including alt-A, RMBS bonds and European mortgage loans, we reduced our net exposure to $6.7 billion from $8.7 billion.  Our gross exposure was $12.3 billion at quarter end, down from $14.5 billion last quarter.  Within the $6.7 billion, there was $2.4 billion in alt-A exposure, down from $4.6 billion last quarter through executed trades and corresponding marks calibrated to those trades. Total write downs were $300 million and are the main driver of our losses in mortgage proprietary trading.  RMBS bonds and European mortgage loans that make up the remaining net exposure in the non-subprime residential category were flat to last quarter and did not include any significant net losses or write downs.  Our aggregate net direct exposure to monolines is down $1.9 billion to $2.8 billion. Our net exposure includes: $1 billion of ABS wrap bonds held by our subsidiary banks, $1.3 billion of ensured municipal bond securities and net counter-party exposure to monolines of $500 million which represents gross exposure of $3.6 billion, net of hedges and cumulative credit valuation adjustments of $900 million.  As I mentioned, our losses related to monolines were $390 million this quarter, which included an increase in credit valuation adjustments of $250 million. Turning to capital liquidity, we are still very focused on maintaining a strong capital position, high levels of liquidity and prudent leverage ratios.  Page 4 of the supplement highlights our current capital position.  We’ve continued to be well capitalized with excess capital. As I mentioned before, while we are still finalizing the numbers, we expect our tier 1 ratio will be between 11.5-12% in our 10-Q.  This ratio represents the overall strength of our balance sheet.  We are still placing a significant emphasis on our capital and liquidity to ensure we have enough dry powder to continue investing in our businesses and to take advantage of attractive risk adjusted opportunities. We further strengthened our liquidity position and built on the momentum of the previous few quarters.  We ended the quarter with total liquidity of $169 billion, up $46 billion from the prior quarter end.  Let me take you through the components. During the quarter we accessed the capital markets and raised $14.3 billion in unsecured parent company debt, bringing our year to date public long term debt issuance activity to $22.9 billion.  This amount, together with incremental non-public issuance activity exceeds our scheduled maturities for 2008. We continue to actively manage down positions requiring significant cash funding and reallocate balance sheet to liquid assets with significant two way customer flows.  And lastly, with higher levels in our liquidity reserve, we reduced our commercial paper outstanding to $12.3 billion for this quarter end, a reduction of roughly $5 billion from the first quarter and down from a peak of $28 billion. Total liquidity which we have added to our financial supplements on page 3 includes the liquidity at the parent company bank and non-bank subsidiary levels.  Total liquidity averaged $135 billion in the quarter, up 11% from the record levels of $122 billion in the first quarter. Parent company liquidity was $80 billion at quarter end and averaged $74 billion, up from $71 billion average in the first quarter.  Bank and non-bank subsidiaries liquidity position was $89 billion at quarter end, and averaged $61 billion in the quarter. Last quarter I told you that the weighted average maturity on our fixed income repo book turning to secured financing was 34 days which is a relatively long duration.  Recently in out books, average repo maturity has been around 48 days.  The more comprehensive metric that we planned to disclose to you in our 10-Q filings going forward is the weighted average maturity across all asset classes in our repo and stock lending books. The weighted average maturity of these books was recently been about 45 days.  We continue to work to extend the term of this book as part of our overall liquidity planning and financing capabilities. We are managing our balance sheet prudently and further reduced the total and adjusted assets during the quarter.  Our discipline in maintaining and appropriately sized balance sheet in today’s environment, along with our strong capital position has brought our total leverage ratio down to 25.1time from 27.4 and our adjusted leverage ratio down to 14.1 from 16 times.  This combination of our strong capital, high liquidity and reduced leverage positions us to take advantage of market opportunities. As regards value at risk, total average trading and non-trading VAR increased to $112 million from $103 million at last quarter.  Average trading value at risk was up slightly to $99 million from $97 million.  Moderate increases in VAR were driven primarily by higher realized market volatility that more than offset reductions in key trading risks. In addition, the increase in aggregate trading and non-trading VAR was also driven by the issuance of long term debt, referred to earlier, used to fund the increase in the company’s total capital. In our 10-Q filing, in addition to our tier 1 ratio, we will be reporting risk weighted assets, [inaudible] to market, credit and operational risk.  This will provide you an additional tool to evaluate our risk taking each period. Turning to page 8 of the supplement and our global wealth management business.  As I mentioned at the beginning of the call, we divested our Spanish onshore mass affluent wealth management business during the quarter and our results reflect the impact of that transaction. The net gain on the sale after accounting for related expenses was $698 million of PBT.  Excluding this gain, PBT for the quarter was $291 million, and the PBT margin was 17%.  Revenues, excluding the divestiture increased 6% sequentially, reflecting a significant amount of new issue activities and increased investment banking revenues by 46%, primarily in fixed income underwriting. Fees and commissions declined slightly from last quarter in lower market levels and client activity.  The increase in principal transaction revenues reflect stronger volumes, primarily in municipals and corporate equities.  Excluding certain expenses related to the divestiture, non-interest expenses increased 4% from last quarter. The increase was primarily driven by higher business development expenses and an increase in legal reserves.  Excluding the divestiture, ROE for the business was 51%.  On page 9 you can see the productivity metrics.  Net new assets of $13.3 billion represented our ninth consecutive quarter of positive client inflows on our second highest ever. Assets in the $1 million plus household segment increased 4% from last quarter to $511 billion and represented 72% of our total client asset base.  Total client assets increased 2% from last quarter to $739 billion, largely reflecting market levels and net new assets.  And average FA production, excluding the divestiture, increased to $810,000 as a result of increased revenues. Average assets per FA of $89 million, increased also 5% compared to last quarter, reflective of asset levels in the quarter.  And if you exclude the reduction in brokers from the divestiture, FA headcount increased slightly compared with the first quarter of 08.  Our bank deposits grew to $34.3 billion as clients kept assets and cash due to the volatile markets. Let me turn to asset management which continued to be negatively impacted by the turmoil in the markets.  On page 10 of the supplement, our asset management business reported a pretax loss of $227 million.  Revenues were down 10% sequentially, primarily reflecting investment losses in merchant banking, partially offset by higher revenues in our core business. Merchant banking posted losses on principal investments of $212 million, primarily driven by markdowns in real estate.  $150 million of these markdowns relate to the write down of one major investment that was acquired in 2007 as part of the building of a future real estate fund. Crescent, a REIT, includes high quality office buildings and investments in resorts and residential developments located in select high growth markets across the United States.  Due to factors including changes in market conditions, the timing, valuation and size of the investment, we will not include Crescent in the investor fund.  As a result, $4.6 million of assets are being consolidated on our balance sheet.  We will continue to evaluate these assets and position them for sale as opportunities arise. Core results include lower management and administration fees, primarily reflecting lower performance fees in our alternatives business and lower trading losses.  The trading results include losses of approximately $86 million related to marking securities issued by structured investment vehicles held on balance sheet by asset management. The total structured investment vehicle or SIV exposure in our money fund as of quarter end was $1.3 billion which are all bank sponsored, down from $3.6 billion at the end of last quarter.  This decrease came from maturity sales and pay downs.  The current balance is approximately $1 billion and will drop below $600 million by the end of June. The value of assets relating to SIVs on our balance sheet was approximately $500 million at the end of the quarter.  Non-interest expenses of $715 million increased slightly from the first quarter driven by higher compensation, partially offset by lower non-compensation expenses. These results contrast sharply from the strong results we delivered last year.  There has been a significant falloff in this business and it continues to be a difficult environment, particularly for real estate. The primary drive of the volatility in revenue is negative marks for the real estate portfolio compared to substantial gains the prior year and to a lesser extent, the SIV related marks to our proprietary positions.  We continue to see investment interest in real estate because of our strong track record and ability to take advantage of the distressed markets. Turning to pages 11, 12 and 13 of the supplement, you can see the assets under management and asset flow data.  This quarter we revised our disclosure to provide more transparency around assets and flows by product and channel, including a breakdown of our merchant banking business. Total assets under management increased 5% to a record $605 billion.  We generated $15.5 billion in flows, our seventh consecutive quarter of positive flows.  From a product perspective, we now show asset flows at both the core and merchant banking business.  There were $13.8 billion of inflows into core with strong inflows into fixed income and alternative products and we had outflows from equities.  Core inflows were driven primarily by institutional money markets. Flows into merchant banking products have remained positive and we recorded $1.7 billion in asset flows in the quarter.  We continue to show positive flows at our non-US and US institutional channels while regional channels recorded outflows in the quarter.  As we have said earlier, we are committed to improving our performance in the retail and mutual fund space.  This continues to be a major focus for our management team. On page 3 of the supplement, you can see the regional revenue disclosure at the firm-wide level.  This quarter, 57% of our revenues were international, with 43% from Europe, the Middle East, Africa and 14% from Asia and 43% have come from the Americas. Finally a few words on the outlook.  After a difficult start to the quarter, customer flow activity returned to more normal levels in May and these flows have continued into June.  Clearly the markets are still nervous and [inaudible] encouraging signs for trend, many issues remain: rising inflation, higher energy prices, rising unemployment and the ongoing housing downturn will continue to pressure the US consumer. Uncertainty remains surrounding potential regulatory and accounting changes.  Against this backdrop, the underlying trends in our customer businesses are good.  We are starting to see an increase in risk taking and leveraged loans and financial bonds, credit and the emergence of interest in [CL] loans. While securitization markets are relatively quiet, we have been able to reduce gross exposures with cash sales.  In particular we have seen non-leveraged buys of distressed assets in this class.  Retail clients remain engaged, albeit in safer and lower margin investments and our emerging market pipelines are robust. So, we will continue to stay close to shore given the current market conditions.  Importantly we continue to focus on liquidity, capital and balance sheet transparency and we are very focused on servicing our clients.  We are confident that our global platform is strongly positioned to capture the opportunities of the market dislocations with a look for risk adjusted returns. Thank you and I would now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions)  Your first question comes from Guy Moszkowski - Merrill Lynch.
Guy Moszkowski: Could you remind us in calculating your liability marks, do you use CDS spreads or do you use specific bond spreads?
Colm Kelleher: On our liability marks, we use bond spreads.
Guy Moszkowski: I’d like to talk for a minute about the leveraged finance hedge loss, can you give us a sense for what sort of mix of hedges and type of hedges you use in hedging that portfolio?
Colm Kelleher: Yes, well in broad terms, I mean we actually had hedge losses across our whole book on the non-investment grade as well.  The preponderance of those losses was in the what I would call the bridge facilities.  And the reason for that Guy is that it’s much harder to either get specific CDS against them and you have to use by and large index as a proxy. So we’ve been dynamically managing it on that basis and that really has been the bulk of the loss on those hedges.  Because as you know, there is huge idiosyncratic risk there, it’s very name specific and very concentrated.
Guy Moszkowski: I guess basically then what we saw was a, despite the attempt to use single name hedges, an inability to get enough of those to really protect you and therefore some macro level hedges which just had a lot of basis risk this quarter?
Colm Kelleher: Yes, I think that’s fair.
Guy Moszkowski: The next thing I’d like to talk about and this is probably a little bit more of a complex discussion is maybe if we can go to page 16 of the supplement.  And what I’d like to try to do on the subprime and resi analysis is relate the exposures and P&L impact that we see here to the $430 some odd million net mark that you talked about for the prop mortgage business. And then separately, how can we interpret these exposure numbers to really get comfortable that your exposure here is being brought down through sales of losses.
Colm Kelleher: Let’s start, our mortgage proprietary trading, as disclosed on the page 16, includes most of our legacy US subprime positions.  Sorry, our mortgage proprietary trading in toto includes most of our legacy US subprime positions, but also alt-A and a few commercial positions. So if you look at the loss itself, the net $300 is made up of a gross $400 loss on mortgage proprietary trading and a $100 gain on credit trading and I’ll break that down for you.  Within that, within mortgage proprietary trading, subprime, there was a write off of $100 million.  We had a commercial write down of $200 million and non-subprime residential which is primarily the alt-A which is the $300 million mark.  That’s $400 million. In credit trading, you have $100 million which is made up of a write off in subprime of $200, so that $200 plus $100 gives you the $300 write off you see on the schedule.  The commercial write off of $100 in credit trading nets against the $200 write down in the prop desk to give you the net write down of $100 that is on the schedule on page 17.  Right?  And that kind of balances it for you. Let me just clarify one thing.  As the schedules present all of our direct exposures, they include positions that are outside what were the legacy proprietary trading desk.  So that credit trading number I’m giving you offsets those mortgage proprietary trading desks which is what you relate it to in the fourth quarter.
Guy Moszkowski: Not to beat a dead horse but I just want to essentially get some comfort around the idea that because of the losses that you talked about as well as actual portfolio sales, it’s really a fair analysis to say that your exposure is being significantly wound down here, such that for example in subprime we really are at $300 million.
Colm Kelleher: Yes well as you know, the financial supplement, the analysis we present, it presents all our US subprime gross and net exposure.  Now we’ll continually and we’ve said we would manage down our exposure in the areas where we incurred our greatest losses in 2007. And that was through a combination of dispositions and write downs and that has been calibrating our valuations and so on.  That’s clearly evidences by the $1.8 billion decline you see in the exposure in our super senior mezz line.  Right?  And the ABS bond positions. But I also said last quarter given the market dynamics, we’ll continue to look for opportunities to manage our overall risk exposure on this portfolio.  So there is some dynamic hedging on the short side which feeds into that.  But you should feel very comfortable that we are managing this exposure down.
Guy Moszkowski: The numbers seem to say that but like I said, I wanted to reconcile and I think you did a good job of thinking that through.  The final question I’m going to ask is on the $120 million mismarking that you talking about in London, I mean I assume that the person or people involved in that are no longer with Morgan Stanley.
Colm Kelleher: Well it’s not quite that simple because we’ve got to go through process.  The person responsible is suspended.  There is an investigation involving a number of bodies which we reported.  We immediately informed the FSA when we discovered this through our controls.  There’s a full internal review of this matter, I’m sure we know what the sentence is going to be, but I don’t want to be like the queen of hearts.
Operator: Your next question comes from Roger Freeman – Lehman Brothers.
Roger Freeman: As you think about all the changes you’ve made around risk management and you talk about the sort of Federal, local, sort of split.  How fully has that been implemented and how is it working so far. And I guess tied to that, when you kind of look in the trading results this quarter, you see a number of places where the results are not up to par where bets were taken, whether it was I guess in electricity, mortgage trading losses, positioning for spread widening when they compressed.  How is that sort of factoring into the risk management and how do we get comfort that maybe some of that volatility decreases.  In fact VAR actually went up in the quarter.
Colm Kelleher: First of all I would say that, and I will end up with risk management as the conclusion from what we come through.  First of all, the mortgage proprietary trading losses we’re taking are relating to by and large as I’ve just explained to Guy, the previous legacy portfolios we have.  So we’re long these things, we need more efficient markets to reduce the exposures.  So I don’t think there’s an issue there. I do think actually if you look at the bulk of the charges we’ve taken, they relate to legacy positions.  In terms of the commodities positions, we have got a great commodities business.  Year in year out, it’s been one of the two top businesses.  They made a strategic bet, well thought out, well reasoned on the basis of information they had.  We got it wrong. We’re in the risk game, occasionally we get things wrong.  We’re not blasé about it, but that’s, we get more right than we get wrong, unfortunately at this quarter, so we’re not worried about that.  The risk was well managed, it was just the wrong view and so on. In terms of level 3 assets which you mentioned, we got those under control, the 7% of the total balance sheet, so they’re in line, even though we’ve reduced our balance sheet.  So I think we’ve got these positions where we, under control. Now risk management has played a very active role in this whole process.  The reason we’ve disclosed this loss from the London trader is to be open to The Street.  I don’t want to be blasé about the fact that we discovered it because we’re very angry about it.  But in this sort of environment of stressed markets, one would expect to see people trying to behave improperly. The issue is, do you have the controls to catch them.  We believe we do.  So that’s where I would end up.  I think Ken DeRegt our Chief Risk Officer, the hiring of [Kashi Hopsuki] as Head of MRD and a thorough overhaul of where we were, I feel very comfortable that our balance sheet is in good order and we understand our risks. VAR, you say it’s gone up, but it has, it’s gone up marginally.  But actually if you look the inputs on that, volatility itself, particularly feeling it, you can see that I would say that if we were to normalize this VAR to previous inputs it has gone down.  Our balance sheet has come down, our gross exposures have come down, our net exposures have come down.  So what you’re seeing is a dynamic in the market that is driving VAR up.  For if we had taken more trading risk, that VAR would be significantly more pronounced. Non-trading VAR is up purely as a function of the increased funding we did.  What I propose to do next quarter is to try and see if we can work up some better disclosure around non-trading VAR, or the quarter after.  But we’ll work on that.
Roger Freeman: Switching to your commercial mortgage securities loans exposure, can you help me think through any basis risk that, sort of basis losses that apparently you didn’t have in the quarter.  But I guess I would have expected given the big difference between gross and net there.
Colm Kelleher: We disclosed that we had a $100 million loss in the first quarter.  We didn’t take losses managing this position down.  I mean there were different risks in this book.  We show gross and net.  If you look at the bottom line, you’ll see that we have an accounting gross up which nets that off.  The statement of financial condition which is bonds, warehouse lines and loans, greatest exposure was reduced $2.5 billion. The net exposure reduced $3.6 billion.  You can see that.  And it’s reasonably well distributed regionally and in terms of the loans themselves, more disclosure, commercial loans was 71% senior, 29% mezzanine.  So I think if you look at it, take out the gross ups, I think we’ve actually got this position under control, well down from the peak which we had of I believe $35 billion to where we are now. And we’ve taken a lot of the basis risk out.  In addition, remember, I’ve always said that the best basis for our valuation to preempt these questions is recalibrating the trades which is done a lot.  And we’ve been justified in the marks we’ve been taking on that Roger.
Roger Freeman: But the primary mechanism for hedging of exposures is, is it more single name CDS or CMBS?
Colm Kelleher: It depends on the name.  It could be credit default index and total rate of return swaps.  It depends, what we’re showing you is that the way we’re managing this, zero loss in the management of the position the first quarter, $100 million this quarter, what has been a very stressed environment for basis risk and index performance.  Look, effectively the best hedge is getting your gross exposures down.  That’s what we’ve been doing.
Roger Freeman: And the mix between fixed and floating, what’s the average duration of the floating rate?
Colm Kelleher: Floaters, 94%, fixed 6%.
Roger Freeman: I guess with respect to these CFC ratios, your tier 1 ratio obviously looks pretty good relative to what we’ve heard so far this quarter, how useful do you think that ratio is going to be given, I think you’re going to talk about some of the risk components in the Q, but one piece that’s not captured is the liquidity risk.  Do you think that’s going to end up having to get reworked, do you think it’s going to be a useful metric?
Colm Kelleher: I really don’t want to comment on that, we’re clearly heavily involved.  The fact that we’re running liquidity the way we are is telling you that we think liquidity is a main input.  But I do think there’s a measurement of risk, I do think Basel II and the trading book review is a very thorough exercise.  So personally when you see risk weighted assets disclosed and the composition of those, I think it will be a much more useful tool than actual accounting classifications.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Tanona - Goldman Sachs.
William Tanona: On the loss, the $120 million, obviously you guys also had losses, I think it was in the fourth quarter of last year as it related to the CDO book.  Just can you elaborate and help us understand exactly where these losses stem from?  Exactly what didn’t comply and as you think about these losses, $120 million for I guess a single trader is significant, so just trying to understand over what timeframe this had occurred as well.
Colm Kelleher: Very different set of circumstances.  What we had in the fourth quarter was a proprietary trade.  There was never any issue of financial control mismarking, anything.  It was a bad trade that went south very badly and we’ve given you the data points on that.  What we’ve had here this quarter is we’ve had a trader who was mismarking his book. And we found it, our controls picked it up.  Obviously in an environment like this you will get more of that.  There was some involvement going back to the previous quarter, possibly the quarter below that, it had become subject before that, it’s subjective.  We did not think it was material, but we certainly did think it was time to disclose this to people and to send a very strong message that we have zero tolerance on this sort of behavior. So I do believe it’s isolated.  I think it’s a very different situation from a prop trading bet going wrong.  I think it’s just something we caught, our controls caught and we dealt with it.
William Tanona: On the prop trading side, I mean obviously there are numerous businesses that seem to be negatively impacted by prop trading this quarter, even though on the equity side, I know one of the big initiatives that John Mack had implemented when he got there was increased risk taking.  And I was just wondering whether or not you guys are kind of rethinking your ability or willingness to take risk, just given some of these losses this quarter or was it just a perfect storm of events of bad luck for you guys?
Colm Kelleher: First of all, I think losses this quarter, as I said before, a lot of these losses relate to re-dispositions.  Our equity division still produced $2.1 billion this quarter which is one of our best quarters ever.  So I don’t think that that impacted that business.  It shows the breadth, diversification and so on. In terms of risk taking, look, we will take risk but we want to take risk adjusted risk.  We did not believe, we flagged throughout this quarter that we felt these were very, very treacherous waters.  We saw events that took place, as you say it’s a perfect storm.  People cannot gloss over lightly the event that took place in March and the effect that had on the market. And since then you’ve had a number of other deteriorations in the consumer lending sector and so on.  So that is what made us pull down the sales, sale close to shore, reserve our ammunition.  We do have excess capital, we do have excess liquidity, we do have leverage if we want to where we can take risk and we cannot [surmise] our balance sheet.  That is our priority.
William Tanona: Lastly, in terms of the regional revenue breakout.  When you strip out the gains that you had highlighted from MCSI as well as the wealth management business, it looks like all of the regions were down anywhere from 25-50%.  Were the losses that you highlighted in kind of the trading businesses across all of the regions or were the core international trends really that weak this quarter?
Colm Kelleher: No, I mean core international trends were strong.  Look the way I would answer it is the first quarter, we did well because we had very good client activity and that’s really our edge, that’s where we had a good ROE.  This quarter we saw generally a fall off in client activity in broad terms, right, and that’s what has affected us. In Asia, if you look at it, down a little bit primarily in sales and trading, investment banking was up slightly, Europe was fine.  We were 57% international for our revenues.  If you normalize that for the loss it was still very much roundabout the 50% level.  So not losses, sorry, the markdowns were taken on legacy positions and so on. So I think that our diversification is paying off.  And I say also if you were to look at a normalized operating rate, yes you can look at some of these gains taking but you’ve also got to look at some of the losses we’ve taken and try and work out what is the run rate.  Hopefully we’ve given you enough information for you to be able to compute that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Glenn Schorr – UBS.
Glenn Schorr: A follow up question on FICC, we could stay at the high level because I know I’m not going to get specific numbers, but if we’re at $2.8 billion last quarter, we go to $400 or so million this quarter.  We have the prop mortgage issues.  We have lower customer volume issues and then we have the commodity.  It still feels like wow, were customers volumes that soft across the board or was the commodity number actually that big?
Colm Kelleher: Customer volumes for us and I know some of our competitors have come out with slightly different stories, I will tell you customer volumes for us and I think we have a very good market position, in March, I have never seen anything like the drop off that we saw and we went back to test that. April, if I scale it this way and I’ve done this to you before, so I apologize for repeating, if you say zero was no volume, five is very good volume, March was zero, April was two, May came up to about a four, we’ve definitely seen an improvement since into June.  But yes, we were hit hard by the lack of customer volume.
Glenn Schorr: I guess everyone is going to try to think about the impossible task of modeling going forward, can you box in, a 67% falloff in commodities, seems like a big falloff because I know that the commodity business has been doing pretty well.  So it seems like a reasonably large number.  And is that normal that a directional bet can account for such a big chunk of commodities?
Colm Kelleher: We have some mismatch between GAAP and economic accounting.  But I can’t really give you more clarification on that.
Glenn Schorr: If we could just switch over to slide 17 on commercial real estate, just a couple of things, one is there any equity component included there, because it wouldn’t fall in within any of those lines.  So I’m assuming no.
Colm Kelleher: No.
Glenn Schorr: And then the bond section, is that mostly mezz?
Colm Kelleher: Well in the commercial loans, 71% is senior, 29% is mezz.  And the bonds are primarily just straightforward bonds, yes, senior, yes.
Glenn Schorr: And who are the swaps with and I don’t mean exactly who but I’m just curious in general buckets, who do you tend to do the swaps against because that’s one of the major differences between your gross and net exposure.  So I’m just trying to think about counter party exposure there.
Colm Kelleher: I don’t think there’s any one person, it’s a diversified portfolio of people, most of which is done on a [classualized] base anyway.  As you know in the 10-Q, we will be publishing and disclosing who our swap counter-parties are anyway.
Glenn Schorr: But not at this granule level, right?
Colm Kelleher: I’d rather wait and get the right numbers.  But in principle what I’d say to you is look, you know, we’re very comfortable with our swap counter-parties.
Glenn Schorr: Always, lower volume environment, it becomes a very slippery slope to bother even asking, but, market share and rank have moved lower in a bunch of the banking categories, is that a function of just you got less of the FICC storm, in terms of banking because that’s where there has been a lot of activity?
Colm Kelleher: I think there are a number of things there Glenn.  I mean it is certainly true we got less of the US FICC but as you know in Europe which is probably going to be more of a third quarter event, we did five out of the seven rights issues.  If I look at my pipeline, I think that our pipeline in terms of ECM, DCM, sorry, excuse me, Equity Capital Markets, Debt Capital Markets and M&A are all up over the last quarter. And we have a very healthy pipeline.  So I think there’s an element of timing there, I have no doubt we’ll reassert our rankings, but there is a bit of lag.  And I think there’s some temporary distortion because of volumes in markets which have been a bit lopsided.
Glenn Schorr: Wealth management flows were pretty awesome considering the environment.  Can you talk about how much of that is coming from say the existing FA base versus your, what appeared to be a great ability to recruit during a tough time.
Colm Kelleher: I think it’s a combination of both.  We’re getting very good productivity from the existing FA base.  But as you know, that’s a good cumulative effect.  But in addition, we’ve clearly been doing very well on what they call the balance of payments in hiring versus losses.  So I think James and Allen [McCulgack] who’s running GW have really done a fantastic job there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Mayo – Deutsche Bank.
Mike Mayo: Can you comment on the investment banking pipeline, you said it was healthy but could you quantify that a little bit more?  And also, down 11% is a bit worse than some of your competitors, if you can give some more color on that.
Colm Kelleher: I mean I would say it would be very difficult for me to give you specifics on that.  We are up in the first quarter significantly in announced and pending on M&A pipeline and also on a probability rated revenue on that basis.  And we are marginally up to a reasonable number up in equity and debt capital markets.  I think that’s all I want to say on that Mike.
Mike Mayo: And then Asia was down one-fourth linked quarter, and it looks like the lowest level since the quarter ending around late 06.
Colm Kelleher: I mean the real swing factor as I said before in Asia was our sales and trading which was the swing factor there.  What I can tell you is I mean our investment banking business in Asia, slightly positive.  Our pipelines in Asia are very, very strong.
Mike Mayo: And the sales and trading, did that relate to the legacy mortgage position?
Colm Kelleher: Not at all in Asia.  That was just literally reduced client volume.
Mike Mayo: Was there any outsized loss there because that’s still a pretty big swing?
Colm Kelleher: No.
Mike Mayo: And then just going back to the big picture here, I try to add up all the numbers you gave on the call and I got $1.7 billion of write downs and losses.  I can go through the list, you said it kind of quickly, monoline $390 million, the mismarking on the trade $120 million, leveraged loans write down was $496 million, commercial real estate CMBS $100 million, alt-A $300 million, the trading loss on FICC $86 million and then mark downs on private equity of $200 million, is that right?
Colm Kelleher: That’s correct.
Mike Mayo: And there’s nothing missing there.  So as we think about go forward, I think what you’re implying here if you’re marking everything correctly, in the perfect world, if nothing changes, those $1.7 billion of marks would go away or not necessarily?  Where do we stand with these write downs?
Colm Kelleher: I’m not going to give specific details on marks and I’ll tell you why.  I think we’ve been very clear about our philosophy on marking itself.  We calibrate the trades, if you look at the subprime exposure, let me give you an example which his anecdotal. If you look at page 16, subprime exposure, if you look at that now, we’ve marked that down, we’ve got the exposure down to another $300 million, but if you look in the footnote, we’ve now got marks that are implying losses in the range of 18-41%, those cumulative loss levels at a severity rate of 55% are implying defaults of 73-84%. So if you take that as an example and the fact that we disclosed this all fully, we’ve calibrated the trades, we’ve done that in CMBS, we’ve done that in leveraged lending.  My view is the marks are what they are, we’ve proven in subsequent trades that they’re the right marks.  Sometimes we’ve done better than that, obviously. Whether we’re going to get continued deterioration or not, I don’t know.  I mean there’s been a big write down already, they’re marked appropriately and it is a function of whether the markets return or not.
Mike Mayo: And then the tier 1 ratio, you mentioned you want to keep dry powder.  The tier 1, 11.5-12% preliminary, does that reflect dry powder or is that where you’d want to run it?
Colm Kelleher: You’re going to have to judge that for yourselves.  I mean when you look at our, look, there’s a lot of uncertainty in the market.  We know where our contemporaries are in tier 1, we feel pretty good about that.  But also we have uncertainty in the market generally.  So it does give us a capital buffer which is the way I look at it.  So yes, I feel good about capital [inaudible].
Operator: Your next question comes from Prashant Bhatia – Citi.
Prashant Bhatia: Your comment that you’re going to continue to stay close to shore, does that imply that it’s just too early in the cycle right here to take more or deploy capital more aggressively and you’re okay to let some opportunities pass by or is it more the view that you just don’t think there will be much near term?
Colm Kelleher: Well we actually think that if you remember the end of last quarter, I gave a more positive outlook.  I mean not that I’ve ever been Mr. Happy.  But the issue is there were definitely better signs of recovery in the market then March actually was a pretty nasty event. So when we looked at the outlook this time, it clearly is not as rosy as it would have been at the end of the first quarter when various people were talking about sports innings and so on.  But I do think there’s going to be an opportunity to make money here.  So it is an issue of taking advantage of dislocation, taking advantage of opportunities that will present themselves. We were hoping that would be the case this quarter.  But the key for us is risk adjusted and we really did not feel, and you can see than in our VAR numbers, we really did not feel that on a risk adjusted basis, we didn’t, it was worth taking bets away from areas where we were comfortable with. Now clearly in commodities we made a trade on the basis of good fundamentals and so, it didn’t work, but more often than not we get those right.  So I’m not saying we’re in risk reduction mode, we clearly have reduced the risk, we’ve reduced the balance sheet, we’re liquid, we’ve got capital, we clearly feel we can make money through bear cycles and bull cycles and we’re just waiting for the right risk adjusted opportunity to come along.
Prashant Bhatia: On the size of the asset base, $1 trillion gross, $580 net, where do you think that ends up settling?  Is there a fair amount more to go or would you stay at these levels?
Colm Kelleher: I kind of think we’re in the right sort of spot at the moment in terms of giving us the optimality we need to be opportunistic and to be defensive.  Obviously we’d like a more normalized market to get rid of some of this legacy portfolio so we can optimize returns of the balance sheet.  But I kind of think we feel comfortable that we’ve got optionality sitting where we are at the moment given all the uncertainty around.
Prashant Bhatia: On the $6 billion of commercial loans in your disclosure, do you have at hand what the delinquency rate is on that loan portfolio or just anything else that you could provide to help people understand the quality there.  It seems pretty good because I don’t think you’ve taken any.
Colm Kelleher: I have it, I believe it is very good quality which is our view and that’s evidenced in our marks as well.  But we’ll see what we can, I just think generally we consider it to be very good quality and well marked.
Prashant Bhatia: On the asset management side, it looks like the alternative asset flows are actually pretty strong over the past several quarters.  That’s a little different than what we’ve seen at some of the peers.  Can you just talk about, is that partly driven by distributing into retail a little bit more or what’s the driver there?
Colm Kelleher: I think it’s a number of factors.  I mean we’ve had some very good performance within that historically.  We’ve got a broad suite of products and it is by retail as well.  The other thing as well I would point out is that remember one of the big drivers this quarter has been institutional money market.
Prashant Bhatia: Could you point out areas in the business where you’re actually seeing higher returns on the capital you are deploying, that pricing power you talked about a little bit in prime brokerage in the past.  Are there other areas where you’re seeing, you’re basically getting paid more on capital being deployed?
Colm Kelleher: I think our equity business is strong and our ratios there look good.  Prime brokerage is good.  Obviously we’re improving our profit margin on our retail business.  That’s kind of where I’d point to.  But I mean drawing a trend away from this quarter, away from those which I mentioned before, is kind of hard.
Prashant Bhatia: Finally on headcount, could you share maybe what your budget is to end the year at?
Colm Kelleher: We don’t look at headcount, we look at cost.  And we’ve done some pretty big moves on costs as you can see.  Headcount is a secondary consideration.  So we’re really looking at comp based spend and by that you get a proxy for headcount.  You can clearly see that we are, with a smaller reduction in headcount with some others, but a big reduction in comp, what we’re trying to do is really get our bang for our buck in that allocation of resources.
Operator: Your last question comes from Michael Hecht – Banc of America.
Michael Hecht: Can you give us a sense of where the level 3 assets ended the period and just any components of the change, transfers in out, that kind of stuff?
Colm Kelleher: No, I mean it’s a bit early yet to get into that much detail and I’ve noticed can be a dangerous thing to do.  But we are at 7% of the balance sheet, roughly, proportionality decreased the overall balance sheet itself as we took it down.  And in the Q we’ll give you the full disclosure on that.  So there’s no specific story for us in level 3.  And the same sort of stuff you’d expect in there, broadly, proportionality will be in there at the end of the Q.
Michael Hecht: The $90 million in structured note gains you noted in equities, what were the total firm-wide gains on structured notes this quarter?
Colm Kelleher: That was it, $90 million.
Michael Hecht: On the monoline exposure, the mark that you guys took, can you give us a sense of how you guys come up with the credit valuation?
Colm Kelleher: Sure, we’ve always done, we don’t do our credit valuation on ratings, we do it on spread.  And as spreads widen we take increasing reserve and it’s on that basis.  So I think that’s conservative.  This time around we’ve shown our gross exposures as well because obviously monolines have been more topical on that basis so you can see that.
Michael Hecht: On the gross and net leverage which came in quite a bit, I think you said the balance sheet is appropriately sized, should we expect leverage to kind of continue to fall and what do you think the implications are for the type of ROE you guys can earn through this cycle and are you seeing any pressure here from regulators, rating agencies, investors, to kind of bring leverage down further?
Colm Kelleher: We’re obviously in constant touch with a broad array of regulators.  I mean what we’ve been doing is taking down the balance sheet because on a risk adjusted basis, that’s what we want to do.  And that’s the same thing, we’ve been running cash because we wanted to do that given our risk profile.  So the answer is we’re in constant dialogue but we’re not getting any pressure in terms of the cycle ROE. I mean it’s clear that increased leverage has been popping up ROE.  So I do think it top slices our return off it, but I think you can make up a good chunk of that by optimizing your balance sheet more efficiently.  To do that, however, we’re going to need more normalized markets to liquidate positions.
Michael Hecht: On the equities business, I mean it sounded like the flow businesses in cash and derivatives were pretty strong, prime brokerage as well but it’s all really a function of the prop trading losses, can you give us any additional color on those and was it more of the bad positioning versus environmental?
Colm Kelleher: No not really, I mean I think some of those small, as I’ve said to you before, some of those small prop trading desks we’ve wound down.  So I think generally, look, I mean let me just restate, equities was $2.1 billion, our record quarter was $2.5 billion, it was still a very strong quarter.  It was broad based. I think it was our fourth best quarter.  But I’ll have to confirm that, I think that’s right.  So I think it’s just testament to the strength of that business.  The story this quarter is clearly our fixed income and the fall off in flows.
Michael Hecht: Any color on the tax rate, I mean it was a little bit lower than expected this quarter.
Colm Kelleher: It’s just the changing nature of our business globally, so that’s what it is.
Operator: There are no further questions.
Colm Kelleher: Thank you very much everybody.  And I’m sure we’ll have follow ups.  Thanks.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-03-19 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Morgan Stanley conference call.  The following is a live broadcast by Morgan Stanley and is provided as a courtesy.  Please note that this call is being broadcast on the Internet through the company’s website at www.MorganStanley.com.  A replay of the call and web cast will be available through the company’s web site and by phone through April 19, 2008. This presentation may contain forward-looking statements.  You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date on which they are made which reflect management’s current estimates, projections, expectations or beliefs and which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. For a discussion on the risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of the Company please see forward-looking statement immediately proceeding Part I, Item I; Competition and Regulation in Part I, Item I; Risk Factors in Part I, Item I A; Legal Proceedings in Part I, Item 3; Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation in Part II, Item 7; and Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks in Part II, Item 7A of the Company’s Annual Report on form 10K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2007 and other items throughout the form 10K and the Company’s 2008 current report on form 8K. The presentation may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in our annual report on form 10K and our current reports on form 8K which are available on our website at www.MorganStanley.com. Any recording, rebroadcast or other use of this presentation in whole or in part is strictly prohibited without prior consent written of Morgan Stanley. This presentation is copywriter and proprietary to Morgan Stanley. At this time I would like to turn the program over to Colm Kelleher for today’s call. Please proceed.
Colm Kelleher: Thank you for joining us today. Given this tough environment it has been difficult to follow this sector.  We will continue to provide you with the information you need to understand our results. As you know, the market is in the midst of major de-leveraging following extended period of ample global liquidity and low rates.  The first quarter was one of the most challenging we have seen but we have navigated it well which is a testament to the strength of Morgan Stanley’s client franchise. We generated a net income of $1.6 billion, diluted earnings per share of $1.45 and a return on equity of nearly 25%.  We are pleased with these results given the macro economic turmoil and dislocations in leveraged lending, commercial real estate, sub-prime, mono lines and SIV’s.  There was strength across many of our businesses including record revenues in equity derivatives, prime brokerage and interest rate products and significant growth in our non-U.S. and emerging markets business. Net revenues were $8.3 billion dollars and PVT margin was 27%.  Non-interest expense was $6.1 billion, up 14% form the fourth quarter, driven by compensation that included severance expenses related to staff reductions as we resized our business to reflect the current revenue environment. On Page 3 of the Financial Supplement you can see that total global headcount decreased by 2% from the end of last year. The compensation to net revenue ratio was 49%, or 47% excluding the severance charge which is in line with our guidance last year. Non-compensation expenses were $2 billion, down 6% from the fourth quarter or 19% excluding that quarter’s Colburn Sunbeam legal accrual reversal of $360 million. The non-comp to net revenue ratio was 25%.  We are focused on improving our cost base and would expect to see improvements in this ratio going forward. Before we go into the details of the businesses, I would like to highlight several key accomplishments that not only helped our results this quarter but also are helping us build for the future. We have been clear about our expectations for the environment since the market dislocation began late last summer and we have managed our exposures accordingly.  We are maintaining our capital surplus.  We brought leverage down and we continue to maintain a high level of liquidity.  As you know, the CIC capital effusion came into effect this quarter helping to bolster our strong capital position. We reduced our adjusted leverage ratio from 17.6 times last quarter to 16 times.  At the same time, we increased our total liquidity by $6 billion to $124 billion including an increase in our parent company liquidity position by $8 billion to $70 billion at quarter end. These measures put us in a solid position to take advantage of the market opportunities that will arise from the dislocations in these markets.  We continue to make enhancements to our risk management organization to support our business model and growth initiatives including most recently naming Ken deRegt as our new Chief Risk Officer reporting to John Mack. We have resized our organization to better align it with the revenue environment and while we incurred severance costs or expense in the quarter, it will lead to cost benefits in both comp and non-compensation going forward. We are maintaining very tight control over expenses and we are continuing to make investments in infrastructure, technology and business expenses related to increased pipeline activity. We have continued to make leadership changes across the firm as we look to strengthen our bench of talent and Ellen [McCulgan] will be getting Global Wealth Management later this quarter.  We are confident she will continue building on the momentum that James Gorman has built in this business. Now let me turn to the businesses.  Starting with Institutional Securities Details on Page 5 of the Supplement.  These results reflect continued strength in many businesses including areas with end credit.  Because of these strong results we mitigated the impact of negative market valuations. Revenues of $6.2 billion, although up significantly from the fourth quarter of last year, were 13% lower than last year’s first quarter reflecting the overall ongoing challenges in structured credit and the overall market dynamic. Our core client franchise continues to deliver very strong results across all businesses within institutional securities. Non-interest expenses of $4.1 billion increased 34% from the fourth quarter of last year.  This increase is magnified because last quarter included the reversal, as I said earlier, of the Coleman Sunbeam reserve while this quarter included severance charges. Excluding these items, non-interest expenses increased 16% from the fourth quarter.  PBT was $2.1 billion with an ROE in this segment of 24%. In MNA and underwriting volumes dropped across all major categories.  Our pipelines continue to be healthy and our clients continue to engage in strategic conversations.  However, market conditions may make monetizing pipelines challenging in the near term. Looking at page 6 of the Supplement, investment banking revenues were $918 million, down 28% from the fourth quarter of last year largely reflecting lower volumes. Advisory revenues were $444 million, a 43% decrease from the record fourth quarter but up 19% from the first quarter of 2007. Underwriting revenues decreased 8% to $536 million as lower equity underwriting offset higher revenues in fixed income underwriting. Sequentially equity underwriting revenues at $261 million were down 25% driven by lower volumes of secondary offerings in IPOs and lower activity in Asia. Fixed income underwriting increased 17% from the fourth quarter of last year to $275 million predominantly reflecting activity with investment grade clients. Page 6 of the Supplement shows sales and trading revenues of $5.1 billion, up significantly from last quarter’s negative revenues of $5.6 billion.  This quarter’s results reflects strong results in our client franchise across equity and fixed income sales and trading. Organizationally we have changed the way we look at our fixed income business.  We view the major business cash agrees as the first interest rate credit and currencies, second commodities and the third is the mortgage proprietary trading effort. Total fixed income sales and trading revenues were $2.9 billion reflecting record results in interest rate products, strong results in commodities and a $527 million benefit from the impact of widening credit spreads on firm issued structured notes.  These gains were partially offset by losses in mortgage proprietary trading. The interest rate, credit and currency area increased close to 300% from the fourth quarter.  This was driven by record revenues in interest rate products reflecting higher volatility in flows, significantly improved credit trading results reflecting higher customer volume, continued volatility and favorable positioning as credit spreads widened during the quarter. Credit trading excludes leveraged lending results which are reported in other sales and trading. With an increased focus commodities rebounded from weak performance in the second half of last year producing near record results driven by particular strength in oil and liquids.  We benefited from better positioning among high volatility levels and strong customer flows with strength across regions and commodity classes. We also had strength in new areas where we have been investing like agriculture where we significantly increased results from last year’s first quarter. Finally, mortgage proprietary trading which is now segregated and managed separately, significantly reduced its losses versus last quarter but still reflect the challenges of the current market environment. Reflecting our strong client franchise, our equity business produced record results this quarter with broad based gains across regions and products.  The combination of high volatility, strong customer flow and excellent positioning within our trading businesses drove the record quarter.  Revenues of $3.3 billion were 35% higher than last quarter reflecting record derivatives in prime brokerage and particularly strong results in quantitative strategies. This quarter’s results also benefited from a $321 million gain on firm issued structured notes. Turning to other sales and trading was a negative $1.1 billion driven primarily by write downs in our lending business and to a lesser extent the U.S. banks liquidity portfolio that we reclassified from available for sale last quarter.   Our lending business includes both relationship and leveraged lending.  We have made it very clear that leveraged lending was one of our biggest concerns because the markets remain severely dislocated and virtually shut down during the quarter. Similar to the third quarter last year liquidity disappeared from the market and as a result we have taken additional write downs on our lending business of $2.1 billion gross or $910 million debt of hedges with 50% of the gross write down attributable to our leveraged acquisition finance pipeline and closed deals. While we employ a variety of hedging strategies including macro hedges and various parts of this portfolio, market liquidity was pronounced and evaluations reflect that. One page 7 of the Financial Supplement you can see that our total non-investment grade loans commitments decreased from $30.9 billion at the end of the fourth quarter of last year to $26 billion this quarter.  Specifically within the $26 billion is the total leveraged acquisition finance portfolio of both pipeline commitments and closed hung deals of $15.9 billion.  This is down from $20 billion last quarter as you can see in the footnote. At this stage I would like to give you key updates on our marks and exposures hit hardest by the credit cycle.  In CNBS, commercial home loans, we continue to get observable market prices from executed trades.  We have $23.5 billion on our balance sheet down from $31.5 billion at the end of the fourth quarter and $11.6 billion in net exposure down from $17.5 billion at the end of the fourth quarter.  This repositioning was done across all regions without incurring any significant net losses or write downs.  Our residual exposures remain geographically diversified. At the end of the first quarter non-sub prime residential mortgages which include RMBS bonds, residential AltA loans and European mortgage loans were $14.5 billion on our balance sheet, down from $16.5 billion at the end of the fourth quarter.  Total net exposure was $8.7 billion down from $10.9 billion last quarter. Included in that net $8.7 billion AltA net exposure of $4.6 billion was reduced from $5.3 billion at year end through executed trades and corresponding marks calibrated to those trades.  The total write downs here were $600 million. RMBS bonds and European mortgage loans that make up the remaining net exposure to the non-sub prime residential category were reduced without incurring any significant net losses or write downs. You can see on page 15 of the Financial Supplement that our direct U.S. sub prime net exposure at the end of the first quarter remained at $1.8 billion, the same level as at year end.  However, we reduced our super senior mezzanine net exposure by $1.1 billion through dispositions and additional write downs of $700 million.  We also wrote down our residuals by $300 million.  Our hedges performed well resulting in an overall PNL of zero for this position. Our aggregate direct exposure to mono lines at the end of the first quarter was $4.7 billion, up from $3.7 billion at year end.  This increase in net exposure reflects the current environment and our continued support for selected municipal client transactions.  The net exposure includes $1.3 billion of AVS rack bond held by our subsidiary banks, $2.6 billion of insurance municipal bond securities and net counter party exposure to mono lines of $800 million consistent with year end. During the quarter we took a credit valuation adjustment, a write down, of approximately $600 million reflecting the widening of credit spreads experienced by the mono lines. So while we expect the industry to see further mark downs as the credit cycle unwinds, we understand our exposures well and we continue to work to reduce them. Turning to capital and liquidity there are three key tenets that I want to emphasize.  The first is we are maintaining a strong capital position.  The second is we are maintaining very high levels of liquidity and finally we are maintaining a balance sheet with judicious leverage ratios and capacity. Page 4 of the Supplement highlights our current capital position.  At the end of last year while our regular capital was always in a surplus position our period end internal economic capital model calculation showed a shortfall which we disclosed and addressed. During the first quarter we earned a 20% return on equity, received the benefit from the CIC investment and we suspended our share buyback program temporarily.  So we are very well capitalized and clearly have excess capital. Despite stronger results this quarter we are still placing a significant emphasis on our capital and liquidity to ensure we have enough dry powder to continue investing in our businesses and to take advantage of opportunities. Since last summer when I said we expected the credit market dislocations to continue for some time we took the following actions to strengthen our liquidity position.  We raised a significant amount of liquidity in the capital markets through the issuance of long-term debt and structured notes at every opportunity at reasonable levels.  We actively managed down positions requiring significant cash funding such as event loans, commercial real estate loans for the peak in the third quarter.  This freed up a sizeable amount of liquidity. In the trading business we focused on reallocating balance sheet to liquid assets with significant two-way customer flows.  In the lending business we used our U.S. bank platforms where we have abundant liquidity and excess to additional liquidity to finance longer term assets. Lastly we strengthened our liquidity position and reduced our refinancing risk by using some of the incremental liquidity to pay down commercial paper of an average of $25 billion from last year to our current outstanding of just under $17 for this quarter end. So as for the liquidity numbers, let me explain that we hold liquidity in three groupings.  We hold liquidity at the parent company level for the repayment of debt as it comes due along with the consolidated liquidity needs of the firm.  We hold liquidity in our banks and subsidiaries which support much of our lending activity.  We hold liquidity in our non-bank subsidiaries for example our U.K. and Asian broker dealers for sales and trade activities.  You can find the most recent information on these on page 75 of our 10K. Total liquidity for all three groups is $124 billion at quarter end and averaged $123 billion for the quarter, upping the average of $85 billion 2007, an increase of 45%. Parent company liquidity averaged $71 billion, up from $49 billion average last year. Bank and non-bank subsidiaries averaged $52 up from $36 billion last year. So far in the second quarter our liquidity continues to be very strong.  Averaged total liquidity has been $125 billion and averaged parent company liquidity has been $77 billion. As you know we aggressively reduced our balance sheet last quarter.  Our discipline in maintaining an appropriately sized balance sheet in today’s environment along with our strong capital position has brought our gross leverage ratio down to 27.4 times from 32.6 and our adjusted leverage ratio down to 16 from 17.6. This combination of our strong capital, high liquidity and reduced leverage positioned us to take advantage of near term market opportunities. Total average trading and non-trading [VAR] increased to $103 million from $98 million last quarter primarily driven by increased volatility levels.  Average trading value at risk increased to $97 million from $89 million.  While position levels remained essentially the same the increase from trading value at risk came from emerging markets, foreign exchange, spread widely in the mortgage markets and the reclassification of our subsidiary bank liquidity portfolio into the trading portfolio.  These were formerly categorized in non-trading [VAR]. Risk management remains a top focus and we have fortified a strong culture.  In addition to bringing back Ken deRegt as Chief Risk Officer reporting to John Mack, we made several changes to our Risk Management organization mainly adding increased market knowledge and trading expertise to complement our risk models and scenario analysis. We continue to balance opportunistic risk taking with risk reduction in residential and commercial mortgages and leverage finance. Now turning to page 8 of the Supplement in our Global Wealth Management business, revenues of $1.6 billion climbed 10% from last quarter reflecting a lack of new issues affecting the investment banking revenues, a general market slow down during the quarter which drove down commissions and principal trading results. Non-interest expenses decreased 4% from last quarter.  An increase in compensation costs that included a severance charge was offset by a decrease in non-compensation expenses which include certain sub advisory fees now being reported as a reduction in net revenues due to contract modifications. PBT of $254 million decreased 33% from last quarter and the PBT margin decreased to 16%.  Over half of the decrease was driven by lower revenues.  The balance was the result of severance expenses incurred in the quarter, seasonally higher benefit expenses partially offset the lower non-comp expenses. ROA for the business was a healthy 42%. On page 9 you can see the productivity metrics.  Net new assets of $11.4 billion represented our eighth consecutive quarter of positive client in flows.  Access to the $1 million plus household segment decreased 6% from last quarter to $191 billion primarily due to market movements and is 71% of our total client base. Total client assets decreased 5% from last quarter largely reflecting market levels. Average FA production decreased to $761,000 as the result of lower revenues reflecting in part the absence of new issues and an increase in the average number of FA’s versus last quarter.  FA headcount was essentially flat with the end of last quarter. Average assets per FA at $85 million were down in line with market depreciation, partially offset by the increase in net new assets. Our bank deposit, however, grew to $33.4 billion as clients moved more of their assets to cash in response to the more volatile markets. Let me turn to our asset management business which has been delivering strong results in recent quarters.  There is no doubt our asset management business was negatively impacted by the turmoil in the market this quarter especially in comparison to the strong results we delivered last year.  But this shouldn’t overshadow the good progress we’ve made executing our multi-year growth plan.  We have grown assets under management 27% from two years ago.  We are successfully building out a private equity infrastructure in alternative businesses with emphasis in alternative strategies up more than 147% from two years ago. We have also continued the expansion of our International footprint by hiring local sales teams, opening local offices and enhancing our alliances. As you can see from page 10 of the Supplement, our asset management business reported a pre-tax loss of $161 million.  Our revenues this quarter were down significantly from the strong numbers we reported in 2007 driven almost entirely by the current challenging market environment. The sharpest declines were in the two principal transaction lines, trading and investments.  The trading lines includes $187 million in losses from securities issued by Structured Investment Vehicles (SIV) held by Asset Management.  Total SIV exposure in our money funds is now $3.6 billion, down from $8.2 billion at the end of last quarter.  The bulk of this decrease came from securities maturing.  The remainder came from asset sales and approximately $200 million was taken onto our balance sheet.  Exposures relating to SIV on our balance sheet was $588 million at the end of the quarter. 100% of the remaining SIV’s in our money funds were sponsored by commercial banks that are provided public support for their SIV programs or have brought them on to their balance sheets.  We anticipate the maturing securities in our asset management will continue to reduce position through the second quarter. The investments line includes gains and losses from our merchant banking business which includes the real estate, private equity and infrastructure businesses as well as any gains and losses in our core asset management businesses which were redefined as traditional equity and [inaudible] fund and alternatives. Merchant banking investment revenue declined $395 million primarily driven by real estate losses in the first quarter versus gains in the fourth quarter. Core asset management investments reflected a net loss in the quarter down $142 million from gains posted in the previous quarter.  Loss in the first quarter were primarily from equity and alternatives products fee investments in those markets that saw the sharpest declines.  Asset management fees decreased 14% largely driven by lower performance fees in our alternatives business and low core management fees primarily driven by equity market declines. Non-interest expenses of $704 million were down 27% from last quarter driven by lower compensation related to the first compensation plans as well as decrease in professional services and marketing costs. On page 11 of the Supplement you can see the flow data will be continued to show positive flows in our non-U.S., U.S. institutional and America’s intermediary channels.  We had strong in flows in our alternative products distributed through the non-U.S. and U.S. institutional channels. As James Gorman told you in January we have yet to turn the corner in net positive flows in our retail mutual funds space.  This continues to be a major focus of the management team going forward and we have made some key management changes in this business including the naming a CEO Van Kampan who will also have interim responsibility for Morgan Stanley’s retail funds. In terms of new offerings, we launched an additional 15-year products discloser, 9 in alternatives, 4 in equity and 2 in fixed income. We have significantly expanded our product offerings over the past few years and the new products we have launched since 2006 contributed $3.2 billion of in flows for the quarter which includes flows in new merchant banking products. On page 3 of the Supplement you can see the regional revenue disclosure for the firm.  This quarter 54% of our revenues are international with 39% from Europe, the Middle East and Africa, 15% from Asia and 46% has come from the Americas.  International expansion remains one of our most promising opportunities and we are aggressively pursuing new markets where wealth is developing rapidly and there are opportunities for us to bring global capabilities to a local level. Now to wrap up a few words on the outlook.  There are two key issues underpinning the current crisis in the markets.  One is de-leveraging.  This is liability driven focused on the position of liquidity but is forcing portfolio liquidation and price deterioration.  The other is de-risking.  Reluctance to extend risk capital.  The former is being addressed in market actions, the second will take some time to resolve itself. As a result markets remain challenged with distribution models still frozen in some cases.  Pressure will remain until markets begin to heal and the increasing level of uncertainties taken out of the system.  We have been consistent in our views on the market that it will take some time, at least several more quarters, for credit markets and liquidity to return to more normal levels of activity. We still believe that the structures and securitization markets will remain challenged if not impaired for an extended period.  Away from these markets, however, there continue to be opportunities in other areas of fixed income including interest rate, foreign exchange and commodity products within emerging markets. The commodities business continues to build upon its leading market presence as we saw in agricultural this quarter and we see more opportunities in moving upstream and extending and expanding our global footprint. Emerging markets remain a top area of investment and focus with growth prospects particularly in Asia and Latin America.  The investment banking pipeline continues to be healthy and many of our clients are engaged in strategic conversations.  The current market environment may delay monetizing the pipeline, however. Volatility in the equity market and trading volumes remain high which [increases] the strength of our flow businesses, a key operating strength of our franchise.  This creates opportunities for our clients and for our cash derivative sub prime brokerage businesses. Real estate and private equity investment revenues will be under pressure near term, however this market presents and will present many investment opportunities. Although there has been a slow down in revenues, the retail investor has remained engaged so far.  We believe that our more productive sales force, increased deposits and growing international businesses will lessen the impact if retail investors pull back because of the difficult markets. Although we acknowledge the bearish view in the macro environment, there are several positives that are worth noting.  Valuations have declined and buyers will re-enter the market at some point.  Corporate fundamentals are still in good shape with robust cash levels and relatively low leverage. From a technical perspective sentiment has been particularly bearish.  However there has been some evidence of non-credit players buying into the credit asset class.  The financial community has been vigilant in recognizing asset impairment and this is a necessary step for financials to move towards reparation. The de-levering process is clearly underway and this ultimately should result in a less volatile market driven more by fundamentals.  There is a litany of alternative policy proposals on the table as rate cuts alone are not enough and we are seeing aggressive central bank actions. So we do not see near term cyclical challenges changing our view of long-term secular growth opportunities.  We continue to focus on leveraging Morgan Stanley’s global scale franchise and integration across all our businesses.  We are optimistic on the breadth and scope of our client franchise with our strong capital base and liquidity and our ability to continue investing in the opportunities that are presenting we will grow our share of the markets. Thank you.  Now we will be happy to take questions.
Operator: Please stand by while we wait for the question-and-answer portion of the conference to come in. Our first question comes from the line of Guy Moszkowski with Merrill Lynch.
Guy Moszkowski: Good morning.  I was wondering if you could just give us a little bit more color on the sub-prime analysis on page 15.  You alluded in the press release to a $1.2 billion charge I think that you broke it down a little bit more in your comments and I just want to try and relate your comments and the comment about the $1.2 billion specifically to the items in the table on page 15.
Colm Kelleher: Sure.  As you know, the financial supplement schedule represents all of our U.S. sub-prime net exposure.  So we are continually managing down our net exposure to the areas where we incurred our greatest losses in 2007.  That is through a combination of disposition and write downs.  So you see a decline in the net exposure.  If you look at our super senior the CVO mez line and the AVS bond positions there was a $2 billion decline there, right? However, within that coordinated sub-prime position we are supporting client business.  The combination of those two resulted in the aggregate exposure remaining at $1.8 billion but within the prop trading element which is part of that you do see the reduction of super senior CVO mez where we did take the write downs and residuals. So jut to clarify that.  When we spoke about mortgage proprietary trading losses of $1.2 billion where do you see those, right?  Well you see the write down within the sub-prime, which I disclosed, and then we took additional write downs in our AltA positions which were about $600 million.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay.  I think I get that now.  And then the reduction in the CDS hedge sort of short from 5.1 to 3.3 over the course of the quarter?
Colm Kelleher: The reduction in that really is when we reduced that as we reduced the positions itself, obviously as a function of dispositions either write downs or sales.  We’re looking for further opportunities in this space to manage position.  The message I want to give about that infamous trade is we have actually got in a situation now where we are managing it very efficiently under shorts of working against it going.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay.  It sounds like the topic waste cleanup is considering a page and I guess that is a key.  And to that you said that organizationally you had broken out the mortgage prop trading group.  Is that something that is going to be kind of an ongoing business or essentially is that a work out group?
Colm Kelleher: I think at the moment our priority is to work out those positions and that is the way I would look at that activity.
Guy Moszkowski: Fair enough.  Are you seeing asset growth in the institutional business that at all material as the result of seizure of collateral from prime mortgage or repo clients?
Colm Kelleher: No.
Guy Moszkowski: So whatever you see you are able to dispose of quickly?
Colm Kelleher: Yes.
Guy Moszkowski: You mentioned de-leveraging several times during the call including right at the outset and clearly your firm although not all of your competitors did, at least not on a gross leverage basis.  It sounds like listening to some of the other conference calls the last couple of days essentially the FED’s creation of their new facility has taken at least some of the pressure to de-leverage off.  Would you agree with that or do you not really feel that makes a difference?
Colm Kelleher: I think it has taken some of the pressure off.  But we’re looking specifically at Morgan Stanley how we want to manage our balance sheet and how liquid we want to keep it.  So I think what the FED has done has been incredibly proactive and helpful for the market but it doesn’t get away from the way we are looking at our business and how we want to sail close to shore and manage for opportunities.  That is the way I’m looking at it.  I did hear some of those comments as well but it doesn’t change the three tenets that we’ve given you for this environment, Guy.
Guy Moszkowski: That’s entirely fair.  If I can just ask a last one.  You talk about de-leveraging and then you also talked about de-risking which seemed to be a more tenacious problem.  Is the de-risking something that would be closer to resolution do you think if there were more fiscal policy type adjustments as opposed to what we’ve seen just principally been on the monetary front?
Colm Kelleher: I think it would take a number of proposals to do that. What you really need is the confidence of people to extend risk capital again and that is going to take some time. However we get there is going to be a subject of a lot of these proposals we are looking at.  The first part of that I do believe which is balance sheet disclosure is largely done.  The second part of that is raising capital through various methods and then through other proposals.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay.  The final question I want to ask you is on book value.  This is just accounting but it really didn’t go up anywhere near your earnings and obviously you didn’t buyback shares.
Colm Kelleher: I think that is it.  We got the dividend. We didn’t buy back shares and that is the main thing but we can rationalize that to you later.
Guy Moszkowski: That would be helpful.  Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Meredith Whitney with CIBC World Markets.  Go ahead.
Meredith Whitney: Hi.  I have a couple of questions in terms of you guys have been great and consistent about giving a protracted outlook on difficult markets.  But in terms of the events that have happened in the last couple of weeks, does it change your near term outlook for any type of asset dispositions particularly with the Fannie Freddie announcement this morning…does that accelerate any type of near term asset disposition plan?
Colm Kelleher: The way I look at it is we have been very consistent for mortgage [inaudible] and our view in these markets the proposals are starting to unfold.  Obviously the acceleration of events last week accelerated much quicker than we ever thought they would but we have been looking at situations of maintaining capital, having a liquid balance sheet, maintaining liquidity and so on.  So we may get opportunities to do things quicker, but I think our strategy itself has been more thought out and formulated.
Meredith Whitney: Okay.  And then just a quick follow-up.  With respect to…you guys had talked about disposing Gold Fish and with respect to outlook on good will and then could you remind us if there is any good will associated with Saxon?
Colm Kelleher: Well Goldfish I don’t know about because it is part of a separate company.  Saxon we have as you know good will at the operating level which is consolidated at firm level where it is not deemed to be material.
Meredith Whitney: Okay.  I apologize.  The only good will I could pull up on you guys was related to Goldfish and of course that is discovered.  Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Roger Freeman of Lehman Brothers.  Go ahead please.
Roger Freeman: Hi good morning.  I just wanted to come back to a couple of questions that Guy had.  Could you just help me reconcile again on the $1.2 billion dollars of mortgage related write downs?  How much in there is sub-prime?  There is 700 of gross but what is the number there because the other pieces you talked about is there is 600 of all that and then there is 600 related to counter-party exposure. Could you just tie up all of that please?
Colm Kelleher: It is specifically related to sub-prime at 7 and the 1.2.  If you look at the numbers we have 500 was a write down mez, the CVO mez, 400 was a write down…in fact 400 was a write down on the residuals, right?  The bonds.  And we wrote down 600 and then we had some hedges offsetting those.  That is how you get to the 1.2.
Roger Freeman: But the hedges look…they all offset.  The net is zero change on the PNL for the quarter, right? Specifically related to the sub-prime?
Colm Kelleher: Specifically related to the positions which are reflected on schedule.  Now let me explain, when we gave that we had to show all our direct sub-prime exposures including what was on trading desk.  The bulk of that was what was happening in the mortgage proprietary area.  That’s why you gain the skew on the numbers, right?  So if you think about it, strip off the AltA which is not on the schedule itself but it is part of the $1.2 billion, so what you are saying is the net of that is what relates to the sub-prime.
Roger Freeman: Okay so the 600 then relates to counter-party write down.  Is that separate?
Colm Kelleher: We also need to support select declined positions on the schedule and secondly what you have is dispositions in there as well.  Within the dispositions, by the way, anecdotally on some of the positions we unwound we actually had some write offs which is why you have some noise on the movement.
Roger Freeman: Okay.  I guess just also on elaborating.  Is it fair to assume that you are looking in this environment right now continuing to de-lever the balance sheet?
Colm Kelleher: I think it is fair to say that we want to maintain a liquid balance sheet and be prudent which is what we are being.
Roger Freeman: Okay.  Inside of prime brokerage can you talk to any tightening of margin requirements that you have been putting through to clients?  Has that been material?
Colm Kelleher: I think what we have been doing is optimizing pricing within our prime brokerage business.  Our balance is relatively unchanged from last quarter but our revenues have been up.  I think that is what has been happening.  I think we have managed that business very well.  We keep a very clear eye on our free capital within the area.  So that is really all I want to say about prime brokerage.
Roger Freeman: Okay.  In [50 some] sales and trading obviously a very strong quarter you talked on the call about both favorable positioning and strong client flows.  How would you characterize that sequential delta if you had to skew flows versus…
Colm Kelleher: You know this is the $60,000 question and having grown up in fixed income we have had debates about that forever.  The way I’ve always answered that question is we take positions based on edge we have, which is our client franchise, right?  I think you should look at this is clearly a monetization of our client franchise.  Some day’s position may be more.  Other days it may be the [inaudible].  There is no doubt that the offer has been increased but I think to actually try and do some percentage of splitting the two doesn’t make any sense.  We are trading clearly with information and with open information based on our client flows.
Roger Freeman: Was the pulling in commodities from the negative last quarter to the pretty strong positive this quarter pretty meaningful to that?
Colm Kelleher: No I think what I said to you last quarter, Roger, was if you remember we had poor trading.  We eliminated the poor trading.  We had very strong client flows coming through at structured positions and better trading this quarter.  In fact, the investment coming through from new businesses we invested in such as agriculture.
Roger Freeman: Okay.  Last question.  I know this doesn’t get a lot of focus right now in terms of wealth management but looking at your clients by size the over $10 million category assets declined the most.  I was wondering if there is anything you can speak to in terms of market trends there?
Colm Kelleher: I don’t think there is a market trend.  It is really a reaction to the market.  If you look at the strength of our wealth management business, our retail business, it is really fueled by the capital market activities to a large extent.  The capital markets have been subdued this quarter.  That’s the way I look at it.  I think the underlying core trend of our business and our strategic push of $1 million, $10 million, $10 million and above clients is very intact so I really wouldn’t read anything in this other than this is a good, ongoing good trend for that business after an exceptionally good fourth quarter.
Roger Freeman: Do you view these municipal issues as significant issues for the wealth management business in terms of the auction rate and any repositioning you might have to make there?
Colm Kelleher: Not particularly.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of  Glenn Schorr of UBS.  Go ahead please.
Glenn Schorr: Hi.  First question is so if you look at the leverage came down, you paid a lot of attention to that and de-risking, but the assets are up and obviously you got the equity infusion, but you also mentioned near term opportunities.  So I get all the moving parts.  But in terms of overall size of balance sheet potential my gut it sounded like that could actually go up as you see chief opportunities in dislocated markets and then just overall controlling that leverage.
Colm Kelleher: I think that is a fair point but let’s just clarify one thing.  The balance sheet went up I think $40 billion which is a blip on a balance sheet our size, right?  We do have a liquid balance sheet.  You are absolutely right.  We are staying close to the shore.  But there is a world where we could opportunistically put up the balance sheet if the opportunities really present themselves on a risk adjustment basis and make sense.  But that is not our intention.  As I think I said before our intent was to really sail close to shore and really opportunistically on a risk adjustment return basis make adjustments to our balance sheet or liquidity.
Glenn Schorr: That is fully helpful.  On the commercial real estate front, pretty meaningful reduction.  No impact in terms of marks?  I’m just kind of curious on the kind of things we’re [sold] in the court and then of course how you are hedging I’m assuming through the CNBX…I’m not sure how else you can.
Colm Kelleher: No, we have a number of hedges.  We have a variety of hedges and it is not just the CNBX hedge.  If you remember, last quarter when we looked commercial mortgage it was more viewed internationally.  I think at that stage we were approximately, don’t shoot me, 70% or so international 65% of our hedges were in the U.S. What has happened is we have managed to reduce some of our international exposure which has continued to perform well through dispositions and so on.  Our international exposure is down 48% on a much reduced amount and we feel better symmetrically aligned with the hedges.  Look, we flagged the fourth quarter our number two issue that we wanted to manage.  We managed it down from the third quarter and it is clear we have aggressively managed it down for this quarter.  So I feel reasonably comfortable about that position.
Glenn Schorr: Okay.  That is good.  The other expense line is up a lot, but lets just take it to a higher level.  You mentioned the cost ratios in the beginning and thoughts on how it will improve going forward.  In this revenue environment I’m assuming that it is more on the cost line than the revenue line but if you could just elaborate on what kind of things you are talking about and how meaningful you feel that to be?
Colm Kelleher: Undertaking a thorough review we are ripping out costs as we go forward and obviously we have dealt comp to a large extent but on the non-comp side we are aggressively looking at those situations and I think you are going to have to assume I am going to be doing things about it.  Sorry to be opaque.
Glenn Schorr: No problem.  Last one.  Unencumbered liquidity buckets…what do they consist of?
Colm Kelleher: Cash…near cash stock.  I love the term unencumbered because you could actually add in addition to our $124 billion we had significant amounts of other unencumbered liquidity but our unencumbered or $124 billion is cash and quickly convertible into cash type instruments.
Glenn Schorr: Good.  Not [inaudible].
Colm Kelleher: Its real.  Its green.
Glenn Schorr: Got ya.  Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Prashant Bhatia of Citigroup.  Please go ahead.
Prashant Bhatia: Hi.  Just in terms of the de-leveraging, do you have even a rough target of where you’d like to see the gross in that leverage get to?
Colm Kelleher: No.  It’s very simple.  We just want to be judicious in the way we are reacting in this market.  Yes we want to be able to have opportunities to take advantage if it makes sense on a risk adjusted basis.
Prashant Bhatia: Okay.  And then it looks like the CVO mez position that you were able to sell, does that mean you are starting to see a vulture bid in that market?
Colm Kelleher: Not really.  I would love to think that is the case but no we just managed to get dispositions done, some sales done for various reasons.  But as I said I think the management of that position now is…I don’t want to shock you but we now actually have a positive convexity on that position so there you are…as we have the ability to manage it back up.
Prashant Bhatia: Okay.  Then on leveraged lending, the commitments were down $5 billion on non-investment grade?
Colm Kelleher: Right.
Prashant Bhatia: But it doesn’t look like anything was funded.  So you just rolled forward what happened between the last quarter and this period end?
Colm Kelleher: Yeah.  What actually happened was if you look at it we reduced our commitments to $4.5 billion which is down from $12.2.  $900 million of the deals withdrawed and $6.8 billion were closed.  Of the deals closed roughly $3 billion were reduced through syndication activity and commitment decreases.
Prashant Bhatia: Okay.  Also, in wealth management on the bank sweep you are up to $33 billion now. How much is left there that you can bring into bank?
Colm Kelleher: I don’t know.  A lot of that is a function of the markets.  Fear will bring more cash. I think that was its optimal target. I kind of think we probably from a scale point of view given normalized markets or thereabouts.
Prashant Bhatia: Okay so that is just in flow from clients.  There is no transfer taking from money funds taking place?
Colm Kelleher: That’s correct.
Prashant Bhatia: And then on the auction risk securities, can you quantify what is being held? How much your clients actually hold in those securities?
Colm Kelleher: Roughly it is $20 billion.
Prashant Bhatia: Okay.  Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Bill Tanona with Goldman Sachs.  Go ahead please.
Bill Tanona: Good afternoon guys.  The European results looking at the revenues they were down sharply on a sequential basis.  I know the have been largely outperforming but just wanted to know what ultimately was driving that type of a decline?  Were there any type of write offs there or was that just a….
Colm Kelleher: I don’t know what schedule you’re looking at Bill because actually our European results were pretty big.  Specifically…
Bill Tanona: Asian results.
Colm Kelleher: Oh Asian results.  I thought you said European.
Bill Tanona: I did.  I mistakenly said Europe.
Colm Kelleher: I just think that the market has been subdued.  Banking was a big factor last quarter for us and you’ve just seen activity levels down but we don’t think it is a trend.  In fact if anything we continue to throw more resources into Asia.  We appointed a new CEO of our Asian business, Owen Thomas, and it is a major focus area for us.  I don’t think there is any trend there.  I think it is just a blip from a change from one quarter to another.  Banking really is the main driver.
Bill Tanona: Okay so none of the write downs you guys had reported were in that segment this quarter?  It was all client driven. And then I guess moving over to the IB pipeline you more or less hinted that this environment was pretty tough in terms of deals getting executed but I don’t recall you giving any type of pipeline disclosures.  Do you have those available?
Colm Kelleher: The overall investment banking pipeline seems to be down about 35% from this time last year but we are obviously increasing market share in that so our pipeline itself remains healthy.  And strategics are coming in so I think it is very early in the year to know how that is going to play out but we don’t feel uncomfortable about our investment banking pipeline.
Bill Tanona: Okay.  And then lastly I guess going back to the deposit program I guess there is obviously a lot of concern in the marketplace as people kind of build these businesses out particularly in this environment with hedging prices going down.  Can you give us a sense as to what you are adding to the portfolio there on the loan side as you are building out that deposit base?
Colm Kelleher: You mean in GWM?
Bill Tanona: Yes.
Colm Kelleher: The retail business.  You know we just do high end mortgage business on a very heavily LTD basis.  We have no issues there at all and it continues as part of our capital management program.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Michael Hect of Banc of America.  Please go ahead.
Michael Hect: Hey Colm how are you?
Colm Kelleher: Well Michael.  How are you?
Michael Hect: Pretty good thanks.  Question there has been some talk and focus on the repo finance market and obviously the FED’s new facility takes some of risk there off the table.  Could you just talk a little bit about any risks or challenges you guys are seeing in the repo area and then give us the duration of your repo maturities today?  It seems like when I look at your balance sheet over the last few years you guys have been reducing your reliance on repo, much lower than a lot of your peers?
Colm Kelleher: That’s fair.  I mean if we just talk about liquidity first, we’ve spoken about our liquidity itself but one of the tenets of our liquidity is to look at the term nature of our financing books.  So we have extended like the others.  The average tenure on that financing is 34 days.  The collateral is free liquid.  So away from that, that is Morgan Stanley.  In terms of the market, market for collateral seems to be normalizing.  The FED has clearly helped.  So you know it was something that was well within our stress scenarios.
Michael Hect: That’s great.  I’m sorry if I missed this, but did you give an update on where your level three assets stood at the end of the quarter versus last quarter? I think they were like $74 billion or 7% of total assets.
Colm Kelleher: I did not.  I’m very comfortable to.  We are still at 7%.
Michael Hect: 7%.  Okay so with assets up the asset numbers would just be up a little bit. That’s the way math works.
Colm Kelleher: I mean again you’re not going to shoot me for $40 billion on a trillion plus balance sheet are you?
Michael Hect: No.  And then any big shifts in terms of the components of the change.  I mean is it just more kind of a shift from level two to level three because of spread widening?
Colm Kelleher: I’m still going through that process at the moment.  But I would expect what you’ve got in a market like this is with lack of observability prices you will have more of that grid and you’ll probably have more of your hedges as a result of that being in level three.
Michael Hect: Okay.  That is fair enough.  Can we come back to the results in equities which seems pretty strong and it seemed like in your remarks it was kind of across the board.  PB record [inaudible] strategy had a good quarter, but any other color there?  And then you said prime brokerage is a record.  How about the balances?  Were the balances up quarter for quarter?
Colm Kelleher: Balances were flat.  We had some pricing power as indeed the whole industry did.  What I will say is there is no single story across all our business lines and actually our major business lines in equity we had very strong course.  And a lot of that is investment paying off or investment derivatives and clearly in our delta one cash customer businesses we had increased activities.  We had better bid offer and again that is the strength of our franchise or at least strong customer franchise.
Michael Hect: Okay.  And the comp rate shows this quarter of 49% or more like 47% excluding leverage.  I guess despite the revenue declines year-over-year you are lower than the 48% a year ago.  I mean how should we kind of think about that and I know the outlook will depend on how revenues come in, but just any thinking about how we should think about comp ratio for this year?
Colm Kelleher: I think at the moment it is the old story.  We are looking to give a [inaudible] accounting to our shareholders.  We are looking to preserve the enterprise value but a major dynamic this year will be the competitive pressures.
Michael Hect: Right.  I guess headcount is down about 2%.  Any thoughts on where we can expect that to trend for the rest of the year?
Colm Kelleher: I think we’re looking at a lot of it is depending on what is going to happen in the markets and the degree of reparation in the markets particularly on the part of these distribution models.  So we will be focused intently on this.  We are looking very much at our divested allocation of resources and as soon as we get more clarity I will be able to give you more clarity on where we are going.
Michael Hect: Okay that’s fair.  Last question.  Just on the asset management business the results there obviously impacted by the marks that you saw but if I look at the core fee traction rate, core fees or just the asset management fees down 14% quarter-over-quarter, and your assets fell about 3% and there is definitely a mixed shift towards money funds going on so I guess that is part of it.  But it still seems a little bit out-sized.  Is that just mixed of incentive fees versus core fees that are bulk reported within that bucket?
Colm Kelleher: It is two.  It is one, the market and the movement of the money funds.  Two is performance fees clearly which we are not benefiting from in the investments we made.  These things are short-term.  We expect as I said we feel very comfortable about the underlying trend of our asset management business.
Michael Hect: Is there seasonality this quarter Q1 versus Q4 where the incentive fees would typically be heavier in Q4?
Colm Kelleher: Not particularly.
Operator: We have time for one more caller and that is from the line of Jeff Harte with Sandler O’Neil and Partners.  Go ahead.
Jeff Harte: Good morning.  When we think about the operating environment looking back at the last quarter and then looking forward in the first quarter there were great trading volumes across a whole bunch of different products in asset management.  How should we think of the potential for that to continue going forward against the back drop of what seems to be a slowing economy and not a lot of investment banking activity models?  It would seem some of those fundamental under layers would suggest some of the trading activity levels we’ve seen may not be normally sustainable.
Colm Kelleher: Well I think there are a few dynamics at work.  One is we clearly had liquidity coming through the system which would help.  Two is you might not get the degree of trading volume but you are getting increasing participants in the market particularly in terms of equivocation of new markets and so on.  Then finally I suspect there will be some reduction in competitors.  We’ll have a gapped leader make ups that we can make in some of these markets or where we are a leader we can extend them.  I’m not unduly concerned about that to be honest.  I think the secular trends are towards growth of capital markets, increased activity and so on.
Jeff Harte: Can you talk a little bit about risk appetites that you are seeing in some international markets or also some domestic.  I’m kind of used to seeing what is going on domestically where people are often risk adverse.  To what extent is that spreading through other parts of the globe to you think?
Colm Kelleher: I think in the credit market is pretty much a global phenomenon.  I think away from that we are seeing good risk appetite in liquid products and the equity markets still seem to be pretty vibrant.  I think that is the way I would characterize it.
Jeff Harte: Thank you very much.
Colm Kelleher: Thank you very much everybody. I hope to see you all soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your participation in today’s conference.  You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-12-19 15:45:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcometo the Morgan Stanley conference call. The following is a live broadcast byMorgan Stanley, and is provided as a courtesy. Please note that this call isbeing broadcast on the Internet through the company's website atwww.morganstanley.com. A replay of the call and webcast will be availablethrough the company's website and by phone until January 19, 2007. This presentation may containforward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-lookingstatements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made, whichreflect management's current estimates, projections, expectations or beliefs,and which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual resultsto differ materially. For a discussion of additionalrisks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of the company,please see "Forward-looking Statements" immediately preceding Part 1,Item 1; "Competition and Regulation" in Part 1, Item 1; "RiskFactors" in Part 1, Item 1A; "Legal Proceedings" in Part 1, Item3; "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition andResults of Operations" in Part 2, Item 7; and "Quantitative andQualitative Disclosures about Market Risks" in Part 2, Item 7A, of thecompany's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30,2006, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition andResults of Operations", and "Risk Factors" in the company's 2007quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other items throughout the Form 10-K, andthe company's 2007 current reports on Form 8-K. The information provided todaymay also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations ofsuch measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in our annual reportson Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our current reports on 8-K,which are available on our website, www.morganstanley.com. Any recording, rebroadcast, orother use of this presentation in whole or in part is strictly prohibitedwithout prior written consent of Morgan Stanley. This presentation iscopyrighted and proprietary to Morgan Stanley. At this time, I would like toturn the program over to Colm Kelleher for today's call. Please proceed.
Colm Kelleher: Thank you, operator and goodmorning everyone. Before I go through the details of our results, John Mack hasjoined me and will begin the call. John?
John Mack: Good morning, everyone. Theresults we announced today are embarrassing for me; for our firm. This was aresult of an error in judgment incurred on one desk in our Fixed Income area,and also a failure to manage that risk appropriately. Make no mistake, we've heldpeople accountable. We're moving aggressively to make necessary changes and[this law shouldn't] be overshadowed the fact that the rest of the firmdelivered really outstanding results for the quarter and for the year. We had a record full year resultin investment banking, equity, sales and trading, and asset management. GlobalWealth Management was more than double pre-tax profit for the year. The fact is,our core business remained strong. We are moving quickly and decisively tobuild on that momentum. The strength of our business andour strategy is clear in the, approximately, $5 billion long-term investmentwe've announced this morning from CIC, a China Investment Corp. This investmentwill help us further bolster Morgan Stanley's strong capital position, whilealso building on our deep historic ties and market leadership in China.It also will ensure we have resources necessary to pursue the growthopportunities we see in this region across all of our businesses: Institutionalsecurities, Wealth Management, Asset Management businesses into '08 and beyond. Before Colin take you through thisquarter's results in detail, I've got a few things I'd like to say. First, totalk about the writedowns in our mortgage business; second, the strongperformance across our other businesses; and third, actions we've taken toaddress this quarter's loss and build momentum across the rest of the firm. So, let's start with the mortgagebusiness. Let me give you a quick recap of what led this writedown on oursubprime trading position. We had a large illiquid trade on AAUK and adeteriorating credit market. The early view is to hold the position, ratherthan curl the cost of the unwind, as it was believed we had adequate hedges inplace. However, the hedges did notperform adequately in extraordinary market conditions of late October andNovember. Subsequently, given the illiquidity or positions; we are now writingit down to these levels. We have moved aggressively to address these issues.We've been as transparent as possible about our exposure. Indeed, back in early November,we provided you details on the net exposure of the subprime trading position inour mortgage business. We told you as of October 31, we expect to take a $3.7billion write-down of the subprime position. We also made it clear thatyear-end remarks would depend on market conditions. During the month of November, thevalue of that position continued to deteriorate, that led us to write downanother $4.1 billion on the subprime trading position in the fourth quarter. Wewere also taking a writedown of $1.6 billion on other mortgage-related assetsthat had suffered deterioration in value as a result of dislocations in themortgage market. Colin will take you through that later on. Virtually, all writedowns thisquarter were the result of trading about a single desk in our mortgage business.And I want to be absolutely clear as head of this firm, I take responsibilityfor performance. Let's go to our other businesses.Beyond the loss of our mortgage business, almost every other business at MorganStanley continued to perform exceptionally well this quarter, and as I saidearlier, strong for the year. Our Investment Banking revenueswere a record $5.5 billion this year, up 31% from last year. We finished ranknumber one in global completed M&A, and number three in global IPOs. Our Equity sales and tradingrevenues were a record $8.7 billion, up 38% from last year. We had recordresults both in derivatives and prime brokerage, where we continue to be marketleaders. Equity underwriting revenues were up 48% at a record $1.6 billion. Our Global Wealth Managementbusiness has been dramatically reinvigorated. Revenues were up 20% from lastyear. We had a PBT of $1.2 billion, up a 127%, margins at 21% in the fourthquarter, the highest quarterly margins since 2000, and a major improvement fromthe 2% margins this business is delivering in early '06. Our financial advisors are nowthe most productive in the industry, with the record annualized FA productivityof 853,000, and we had strong client inflows of $40 billion this year. Our Asset Management businessalso delivered its best year ever in '07. We had record revenues of $5.5billion, up 59% from last year. We had a record PBT of $1.5 billion, up 72%. Weachieved five consecutive quarters of net customer inflows. Our assetmanagement business has also reached a record high of $597 billion at the endof November, up nearly 35% from two years ago. Our international business hasnever been stronger across Europe, Asia andthe emerging markets. We achieved record international revenues of almost $16billion this year, up 44% from 2006. In Asia,we finished the year ranking number two in IPOs overall, and number one inChina-related international IPOs. In China, we've tripled our revenuesover the past year. We've secured a banking license. We are now in the processobtaining a securities license, a trust license and asset management license,which will help continue strengthen our Chinese business. We are also building out ourbusinesses in the Middle East as well, forming a joint venture with the Saudi Arabiasecurities firm, Capital Group and opening new offices in the region. Thoseimportant investments will help us increase our revenues about 90% in the Middle East since '05. Now, let me move to kind of theactions that we’ve taken. While, we move very aggressively as you know, theissue raised by our loss in the mortgage business insure that we are wellpositioned to build on our businesses going forward. So, we have made somemajor changes. We have put in place a new senior management team. We changedGorman and Walid Chammah as Co-Presidents, with Mitch Petrick as Global Head ofSales, and Trading and Ellyn McColgan as Head of our Wealth Management business,which we announced yesterday. I think it was in the press. We've also made other changes torestructuring our institutional sales and trading businesses. We are furtherstrengthening our risk management function. It will now report to Colm our CFO,and we will look to add additional talent to our risk management team. We arealso restructuring our prop trading businesses. These businesses will operateunder unified management reporting to Mitch. Finally, as I mentioned earlier,we have further strengthened our balance sheet by raising approximately $5billion in capital to the long-term passive investment made by China InvestmentCorp. That investment grew out of our strong relationship in China, and Ibelieve will help strengthen our deep ties to this critical important growthmarket in the years ahead. So, as we move forward, I'm confidentthese actions and the new leadership team we put in place will help us adjustto the changing market conditions. The near-term outlook ischallenging. The mortgage business is going to be dramatically reduced. Creditand leverage lending would be on a lower basis, as well. However, despitechallenging credit markets, we see opportunities in other parts of our fixedincome business, as well as, in equities and investment banking. We continue tohave strong momentum in Asset Management and Global Wealth Management. We remain bullish on MorganStanley's significant growth opportunities in our international and emergingbusinesses. The fact is, that we have a strong broad-base business. We arepositive about our business mix, and we continue to believe diversification isa great strength of ours. And despite the challenging market conditions we'refacing, we are optimistic about the long-term prospects for this global growthof financial services and for Morgan Stanley. And with that, I'm going to turn itover to Colm.
Colm Kelleher: Thank you, John. We have a lot ofmaterial to cover today, and it will take some time, but I want to make surethat we provide you with all the information you need for your analysis. Therewill be plenty of time for questions-and-answers. As you are aware, over the pastyear our trading Group decided to short the subprime market. The traders wereshort, the lowest transaction in subprime securities with a notional value ofapproximately $2 billion. The traders decided to cover the cost of the negative[count] in the short position. In doing so they went along approximately $14billion at the Super Senior AAA or BBB subprime securities, we refer to asmezzanine. But the credit market declineddramatically; the implied cumulative losses in the subprime market [action] tothe value of the Super Senior AAA branch were [notionally] long. As a result,notwithstanding the short position, the implied loses of the notional longgenerated a major net loss from the position of advanced markets. The loss was non-linear with thedecline of the relevant ABX index, given the long-short structure of thisparticular trait. Now, when I last spoke with you November, we provided a riskmanagement non-GAAP perspective on our US subprime exposure throughOctober 31. On page 15 of the supplement, you can see the updated schedulethrough November. Our writedown reflected the impact of November increased to$7.8 billion from $3.7 billion as of October 31, while our total net exposuredecreased to $1.8 billion from $6 billion over the same period. Using consistent valuationmethodology, the fair value of these positions declined from October 31 toNovember 30. Our valuations of these positions takes into considerationobservable traits, the continued deterioration in market conditions, thedecline in the ABX indices and other market developments, including updatedmortgage remittance and cumulative loss data. The decrease in the fair value ofour subprime exposures has led to our first quarterly loss. The traits weobserved on exposures has led to our first quarterly loss. The trends weobserved were those we executed in November, as part of our effort to reduceour exposure. The ABX deterioration in the class to two senior positions,namely the BBB061 Vintage where our most significant exposure risk, wasapproximately 24% during November, which relates to 2005 collateral. In addition to the $7.8 billionin subprime writedowns, we also wrote down approximately $1.2 billion in othermortgage related positions as a result of fair value declines in November, ofwhich $400 million relates to CMBS, were trained to execute as part of ourbalance sheet reduction. A $180 million in Alt-A, andother loans, where credit spreads widened and real estate deteriorated. $175million in first and second year loans spent for securitization, whilesubordination changes by rating agencies and executed trades at $450 million ofEuropean non-conforming loans on credit spread widening and executed trades. We also took a $435 millionwritedown on the securities available for sale portfolio in our subsidiarybanks. We continue to see value in this portfolio, which is made up ofexclusively of AAA rated residential mortgage-backed securities and theportfolios contains no subprime home loans, subprime residuals or CDOs. This portfolio was re-designatedas trading effective November 30. To preserve our flexibility with theportfolio until [in line] with the accounting treatment of our other tradingportfolios so that any mark-to-market will flow directly through the incomestatement each quarter. These factors totaling $9.4billion in writedowns drove the fourth quarter loss $3.6 billion down from lastquarter's $1.5 billion profits. The EPS impact from these writedowns was $5.80.Basic EPS from continuing operations for the quarter was a loss of $3.61 pershare versus $1.45 gain the quarter last quarter. Net revenues were negative $450million driven by the loss of fixed income revenues reflecting the write-downsI mentioned. As John said, despite clearly disappointing results in our credittrading business with fixed income, many of our businesses produced recordresults and contributed to the second strongest year on record. Let me now address other aspectsof our firm-wide results, which are outlined on pages one and two in thefinancial supplements. Consolidated revenues for the quarter were negative $450million, and total non-interest expense were $5.4 billion, down 6% from lastquarter. Our largest component Compensationand Benefits expense were $3.2 billion, reflecting an adjustment to the fullyear payout. Despite the quarter with significantly lower revenues, ourcompensation reflects strength across most businesses and our recognition ofthe competitive environment and the need to retain talent. The full year compensation to netrevenue ratio is 59%. As you know, next year’s compensation is very difficultto forecast, particularly given on certain market conditions in 2008. As of now,the best data point we can direct you to is our full year 2006 comp net revenueratio of 47%. We will provide you with updated guidance in the first quarter. Non-compensation expenses was$2.2 billion, which includes the $360 million reversal of the Sunbeam Coleman Reserve resulted from the recent Florida Supreme Courtdecision. Excluding this reversal, non-comp expense dropped 21%, driven byhigher business development in professional service expenses. Our full yearrevenues decreased 6% from 2006. Our effective income tax ratecontinuing operations for the full year was 24.5%. The decrease reflects theimpact of lower earnings and lower tax rate applicable to non U.S. earnings partially offset bylower estimate domestic tax credits. At this point, we wouldanticipate that next tax rates will be close to 2006 tax rate of approximately33%. The raise depends on a number of factors including the level in geographymix of our earnings. Now, I would like to discuss thedetails of our business segment results. Starting with Institutional Securitywhich is detailed on page five of the supplement. The significant loss on fixedincome sales and trading drove negative revenues of $3.4 million in thissegment, down a 169% from the third quarter. Non-interest expense of $3.1million decreased 12%, driven by lower compensation expenses, excluding $360million recovery the Coleman Sunbeam Reserve, non-interest expenses were down2%.PBT was $6.5 billion loss. Full year net revenues were $16.1billion, down 24% from last year, yet still the second highest on record. Fullyear PBT decreased 89% to $817 million, and return on equity was 4%. Page six of the supplement showssales and trading reporting total negative revenues of $5.6 billion, reflectingthe loss in our credit business within fixed income and the write-down andsecurities available for sale portfolio within other sales and trading. Theselosses were partially offset by record results in equities and recoveriesrelated to our leverage lending business. The credit environment impact inour sales and trading results was partially offset by a gain of approximately$455 million from the spread widening in Morgan Stanley’s credit on some of ourown structured notes. Of this amount, approximately $185 million was reportedin fixed income sales and trading, and $270 million in equity sales andtrading. In fixed income sales and trading, we reported $7.9 billion in losses,compared to $2.2 billion in revenues last quarter, reflecting the write-down ofour subprime related assets. For the year, fixed income sales and tradingrevenues was $650 million, down 93% from our record results in 2006. Corporate credit and securitizedcredit product sales and trading, which includes our residential and commercialmortgage business reported losses of $9.2 billion, down from an approximately$260 million gain last quarter. Majority of the losses were in our U.S. subprimeresidential business, and the result’s partial positions that we took in thebeginning of 2007. The other mortgage related markdowns were driven by theNovember fair value deterioration I mentioned earlier. Interest rates andcurrencies all were down 17% from our record third quarter, continues toperform well in this environment reflecting strong customer flow, increasedvolatility and the $185 million benefit from the impact of widening creditspreads on firm-issued structured notes. Commodities decreased 84% drivenby lower trading revenues across metals, oil, electricity and natural gas andthe lack of structured deals this quarter. Our client flow business performedwell, it was more than offset by poor positioning performance relative toopportunity in the market created by volatility of most products. Equity sales and trading revenuesof $2.5 billion were 40% higher than last quarter, that set a new quarterlyrecord. For the year, equity sales and trading revenues were up 38% to $8.7billion, our best year ever. Looking at the quarter, strong revenues weredriven by client flow of prime brokerage businesses, positive results in ourQuant trading strategies for $270 million benefit for the widening of creditspreads of firm-issued structured notes and regional strength outside the U.S. especially in Asia.Non-U.S. regions contributed well than half of this quarter's total revenue.The cash business had record revenues and strong performance across regionsincluding record results in Europe. Derivativerevenues decreased from a strong third quarter reflecting difficult marketconditions with poor liquidity and even volumes. Our quantitative strategiesbusiness recovered from losses last quarter that contributed healthy revenuegains more consistent with historical level, despite operating in a reducedrisk and capital environment. Our prime brokerage business produced the secondbest revenue quarter ever with our average customer balances down slightly fromthe end of the third quarter. Outside of the U.S., the business reported recordrevenues. Our prime balances were down slightly towards a significant increasein client balance in October though it sustained in November consistent withthe recovery in the equity markets. For the full yea,r this businessproduced record revenues and client balances of each region. Other sales andtrading was negative $202 million, driven by the write-down in our securitiesavailable-for-sale portfolio offset by recoveries and our leveraged acquisitionpipeline reflecting the improvements in liquidity that we’ve saw in thequarter. Loans and commitments detail is on page 7 of the financial supplement.As we told you last quarter, our leverage finance business is subject toliquidity in the marketplace and this quarter we saw deals price activity beganto return to the market. Total loans and commitments net of hedges declined$12.1 billion, to $55.1 billion. Commitments including both investment andnon-investment grade are down 18% to $70.2 billion, through a combination ofdeal closings, renegotiation or deals going away. Now, just based on our totalloans and commitments, we'll continue to drive in the Q1, if capital marketsremain receptive. On non-investment grade corporate lending commitments of $20billion, this includes $12.2 billion of commitments related to our leveragedacquisition finance pipeline, which is down from $31.3 billion. Over the courseof the quarter, $4.4 billion of deals were withdrawn and $14.7 billion of dealswere closed. Of the deals closed, $6 billion have been funded and are includedin the $10 billion of non-investment grade loans. Moving to page six of thesupplement, Investment Banking revenues were $1.4 billion, down 5% in the thirdquarter of '07. Advisory revenues increased 17% to a record $779 million,driven by revenue strength across all regions. Underwriting revenues were lowerthan last quarter in both, equity and debt underwriting. Sequentially, equityunderwriting revenues were down 19% to $348 million, but up 37% from the fourthquarter of '06 with particular strength in Asia,fixed income underwriting revenues of $236 million, down 32% from the thirdquarter largely reflecting the decline in non-investment grade issuance asinvestors grappled with the deterioration in the credit environment. Partiallyoffsetting this decline was the significantly increased demand for investmentgrade debt in the quarter, especially during September and October. Theinvestment banking environment was mixed during the quarter, volumes decreasedacross products as uncertainty returned through the overall market in November,except an announced M&A where volumes remained healthy. We maintain leadingpositions in our lead table standings for the calendar year-to-date throughNovember. We continue to meet M&A market shares and the number one rank inM&A completed at approximately 37% market share; on number two it announcedwith approximately 33% market share. Our rank in U.S. IPOs is number one, andwe are number three in global IPOs. We are number two in U.S.equity-related issues, and number five globally. At Bloomberg, we are number twoin global IPOs, number two in Asia Pacific equity offerings, and number one inInternational China IPOs. In debt underwriting, our rank was number five, witha stable share of the market. Our rank in investment grade debt market isnumber four. Our non-investment grade rank was number nine. Full year advisoryrevenues increased 45% to a record $2.5 billion, 21% higher than the previousrecord set in 2000. Equity underwriting was up 48%, to a record $1.6 billion,and debt underwriting increased 1% to a record $1.4 billion. Our investmentbanking pipelines continue to be healthy. Depending on market conditions,we remain cautiously optimistic about our M&A backlog, as there is afavorable flow of strategic activity even as we expect financial sponsoractivities down in 2008. Our equity backlog is higher than the third quarterand fourth quarter of '06, with particular strength in Europe and Asia. But our non-investment grade debt backlog is downsignificantly, investment grade backlogs are higher as capital raising needsremain robust. Principal transactions, investment revenues were $496 million up$279 million increase versus the third quarter and full year revenues increased35% in 2006. The increases were largely driven by higher investment gains inBovespa Holding to the fourth quarter and Grifols SA in the full year. As John mentioned, we are veryfocused on our risk management and VaR represents one of the key measures ofrisk. Aggregate average trading and non-trading VaR increased to $98 millionfrom $91 million last quarter, driven predominantly by the increase in non-tradingVaR. The increase in non-trading VaR primarily reflects the firm's exposure toevent loans that closed during the quarter and are currently in the process ofbeing distributed. Aggregate average trading VaRincreased modestly to $89 million from $87 million. Aggregate quarter-endtrading VaR decreased to $78 million from $81 million, reflecting an activereduction in risk exposure that was offsetting the VaR model by higher realizedmarket volatilities. We have aggressively and thoroughlyreviewed our stress test scenarios to ensure that the market moves contained inthese scenarios are superior enough, in light of what's going on in themarkets. Over the past two quarters, wehave repeatedly increased the magnitude of market moves contained in our stresstest scenarios, reflecting the increased levels of uncertainty and realizedmarket volatility. In the high levels of price volatility realized during thisquarter, we continue to pay close attention to our stress test scenario result,one of the most meaningful risk indicators with respect to rapid and dramaticmarket moves. As John mentioned, we are issuingapproximately $5 billion of securities to the China Investment Corporation(CIC) that mandatorily convert into shares in August 2010. This additionalequity capital will build the firm's strong capital position and enhance ourability to pursue global growth and revenue opportunities. Mandatory convertible securitieswe are issuing to CIC targeted yield of 9% and the after-tax profitapproximately 7% because significant portion of the yield is tax deductible.Therefore, the after-tax yield of these equity securities is only 4.75% overour common dividend yield. In return for this excess yieldof these equity securities, we retain the first 20% depreciation of our stockprice. We believe that the combination of paying less than 5% annual excessyield probably two years and seven months, the return for 20% premium isattractive to our shareholders. The 20% premium will be set above a referenceprice to be determined shortly. The number of shares themandatory convertible securities will convert into is based on our stock priceof conversion. A higher future stock price lowers the cost of the equitycapital because the number of shares issued at conversion declines. Given this feature and the taxdeductibility of the yield on the combination of regulatory capital eligibilityand high equity trading from the rating agencies, we believe this is anattractive security to add to our capital base, as we pursue growth and revenueopportunities in 2008 and beyond. Turning to page 4 of theSupplement on our current capital position, average unallocated capital,economic capital was negative $400 million, down from $3.5 billion surplus the lastquarter. The period end unallocated economic capital was a shortfall of $4.1billion. However, the firm continues to maintain total capital level tosignificantly exceed regulatory requirements. Over the course of the quarter,we assessed and assigned more economic capital requirements for our businesses,particularly institutional securities, while available capital decreased due tothe write-downs. Capital requirements for institutional securities increasedmainly due to increased volatility in the credit markets and rating hasdeclined in underlying assets of certain credit businesses. We also intend to strengthen ourbalance sheet and optimize deployments of capital across our businesses.Furthermore, we will maintain flexibility in our share repurchase program,while we build up our capital. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately9.2 million shares of common stock for approximately $560 million. Year-to-date, we have repurchasedapproximately 51.7 million shares of common stock for approximately $3.8billion. Even after reflecting the write-downs and losses in our fixed incomebusiness and response to current market conditions, we reduced total assets onthe balance sheets by a $133 billion to $1.1 trillion. This brought theadjusted leverage ratio down from 18.8 to 17.6. These steps including theinvestment by CIC will ensure that Morgan Stanley has resources necessary topursue growth opportunities globally across our institutional securities,wealth management and asset management businesses into 2008 and beyond. Page 8 of the FinancialSupplement describes our Global Wealth Management business. Despite the marketenvironment in the quarter, Wealth Management produced very strong results; thefourth quarter was our best revenue quarter to the second quarter 2000. As we announced earlier thisweek, Ellyn McColgan will be joining the firm to succeed James Gorman asPresident and Chief Operating Officer of GWM in April 2008. Ellyn brings thebreadth and depth of experience that will enable us to build the momentum wehave achieved in this business over the past two years. Revenues reached $1.8 billion, up6% from the third quarter, as the retail investor remained active during thequarter. Commission on principal tradingresults was strong, which more than offset the sequential decline in investmentbanking revenues. Non-interest expenses of $1.4 billion were up 1% from lastquarter, reflecting increases in business development expenses, the absence ofthe insurance recovery in the third quarter and commission-based compensationreflecting higher revenues. We continue to focus on and maintain a costdiscipline. I believe that expense control can help fund our investmentspending as we grow this business. PBT of $378 million was up 32%, andour PBT margin increased to 21% from 17% in the last quarter. The return onequity of this business was 52%. 2007 was our second best yearever with strong performance across the business, reflecting higher financialadvisor productivity, new and enhanced product offerings, strong clientactivity and focused cost discipline. The full year net revenues of $6.6billion, were up 20% and expenses of $5.5 billion increased 9%. PBT totaled $1.2 billion, up a127% from 2006, and our PBT margin improved 17%. The return on equity forfiscal '07 was 41%. On page 9 of the Supplement, youcan see the strong productivity metrics. Net new assets of $10 billionrepresented our 7th consecutive quarter of positive client influence. Assets in the $1 million plushousehold segment increased $29 billion in the quarter, increased to 72% of ourtotal client asset base, as we continue to be effective in gathering assets inthe high network segment. Total client assets increased 3%sequentially to $758 billion, driven by both marked increases of net newassets. Fee-based assets represented 27% of the total, down from 29% lastquarter. This decline largely reflects the termination on October 1st of ourchoice of fee in lieu of commission brokerage program. Client assets in the Choiceprogram primarily moved to commission-based brokerage accounts for the electionof our clients, the fee-based advisory programs including Morgan StanleyAdvisory, a new norm discretionary advisory account launched in August. Inaddition, we are developing an [internship] program that we believe will beattractive to former Choice clients. Average production and totalclient assets for Global represented record levels in the quarter of $853,000and $90 million, respectively, as our FA headcount increased to 8,429producers. We are achieving increased FAproductivity, while growing the number of FAs. We continue to hire producerswith higher production than those we lose. Our bank deposit program ended theyear at $26.2 billion, exceeding our goal of $20 billion. We launched another closed-endfund this quarter, PIMCO Income Opportunities Fund bring the total to five thisyear with over $4 billion in sales. While there may be pressure on thisbusiness in 2008 if U.S.enters the recession, we believe that our more protected sales force includingnew hires will mitigate the slowdown in retail activity. We will continue to invest intechnology and other infrastructure and continue to expand our U.S.and international Private Wealth Management business to grow our globalfootprint and capture the long-term growth potential of the business. On page 10 of the Supplement, wedescribe our Asset Management business. The business perform well in thequarter, net revenues were $1.3 billion were down 8% for the third quarter,driven primarily by $129 million of losses in securities issued by structuredinvestment vehicles SIVs and held by asset management. Our total SIV exposure in ourmoney funds as of today is $7.7 billion; of that 92% is in lower risk SIVs thatare sponsored by banks, which have continued to support our SIVs. Income beforetax is $294 million, down 40% from the third quarter driven by lower revenuesand higher expenses including both compensation and non-compensation expenses.PBT margin was 24%, and ROE for the quarter was 18%. Looking first of revenues,our principal transaction revenues excluding the losses of securities onnon-bank sponsored SIVs and held by asset management decreased 7% reflectedlower revenues from real-estate investment is offset by higher alternativeinvestment gains. Management and admin fees, a keyindicator of the positive momentum in this business increased 6% to just under$1 billion driven by asset growth in a more favorable asset mix. Non-interestexpense of nearly $1 billion grew up 10% for the third quarter driven by highercompensation reflecting expenses associated with deferred compensation plans aswell as increases in professional services and occupancy cost. For the fullyear revenues were a record $5.5 billion up 59% from 2006. PBT was $1.5billion, PBT margin was 27% and our return on equity was 26%. This year wesuccessfully built our management team and expanded our product array. We had avery successfully year for capital raisings. In our Private Equity Asia FundIII, we have raised $1.5 billion including $350 million of commitments from thefirm. In real-estate, we’ve raised almost $15 billion in 2007 across our fundsmost notably measured at fixed international where we have a rate $8 billionand committed $1.6 billion of our own capital. As you can see on page 11 of thesupplement, it should be continue to show improvement in all key metrics.Assets under management and supervision increased by $20 billion to end thequarter a record $597 billion primarily due to market increases in Septemberand October. We have $400 billion in total net inflows as $5.6 billion ofinflows in non-liquidity products were partly offset by $5.2 billion ofoutflows in liquidity products. Positive net flows were driven bynon-U.S. channels that had $7.4 billion of inflows, the majority of which werefrom alternatives from real-estate products. U.S.institutional and America'sintermediary channels had inflows of $800 billion and $400 billionrespectively. Van Kampen and Morgan Stanley branded retail funds showedoutflows of $1.4 billion and $1.6 billion during the quarter respectively.Institutional liquidity outflows were $2.9 billion compared to $12.4 billion innet inflows last quarter. This quarter’s short-term outflows were driven by anexpected $5.2 billion client outflow gained in the prior quarter. Retail liquidity outflows are$2.3 billion primarily driven by additional bank deposit programs introduced inour Global Wealth Management business. Our total net inflows of the year were$35 billion, when compared favorably to the $9.3 billion in net outflows we sawin 2006. We launched and incubated 14 new products in the fourth quarterincluding six alternatives, seven in equities, and one in fixed income. For thefull year we launched 74 new products, 37 in alternatives, 25 in equity, and 12in fixed income. In a summary, we are pleased withthe performance of this business. We are focused on improving our margins andour own products expansion, especially in alternatives and widening ourdistribution capabilities. In addition, we continue to develop our privateequity and infrastructure investment management business and continue to seeinvestment opportunities generated from the firm's franchise and geographic footprint. Our global real estate businessoperates at a higher level around the world and we continue to raise new fundsto take advantage of the current market dislocation. Real estate fundamentalsgenerally remain intact, although headwinds will increase when we get thedownturn, given the downturn on the economic activity on the fallback andavailability of debt financing. We will continue to be focused on expanding ournon-U.S. footprint in both Europe and Asia, aswell as invest in our Morgan Stanley and Van Kampen brands. On page three of the supplement,you can see the regional revenue disclosure at the firm-wide level. This year43% of our revenues have come from the Americas,36% from Europe, Middle East and Africa, and 21% from Asia.Year-over-year international revenues have increased 44%. Our regional results in thesecond half of 2007 are skewed in favor of non-U.S. results and the majority ofour trading losses is sustained in our U.S. business. If we were toexclude these losses, 55% of our revenues will be from the Americas, 29% from Europe, Middle East andAfrica, and 16% from Asia. We continue tobelieve that the pace of international growth will exceed that of the U.S. Next, I'd like to review with youother mortgage related assets on the balance sheet to briefly discuss thevaluation methodology for each. In non-subprime residential mortgages, we haveboth balance sheet and net exposure in the U.S.,Europe and Asia. This includes RMBS bonds,European mortgage loans and to a lesser degree residential Alt-A loans. At end of the fourth quarter, wehad $16.4 billion on our balance sheet with a total net exposure of $10.8billion, and a write-down reflected in our income statement on $800 billionthis quarter. These positions are value based on subordination changes byrating agencies and execution of trades and comparable instruments. In CMBS, commercial whole loanswe have $31.5 billion on the balance sheet at the end of the fourth quarter.During the quarter, we significantly reduced our net exposures to thesepositions by more than half from $36.2 at the end of the third quarter, to$17.5 million at the end of the fourth quarter. The write-down on the portfoliowas $400 million, based on fair value inline with the observable market pricesfrom our executed trades. A majority of these assets are categorized as Level2. Our residual exposures are well diversified and approximately two-thirds areoutside of the U.S.As a result of the write-downs in the quarter, the level of financial assetscategorized in Level 3 has decreased. The movement of assets from Level 2 intoLevel 3 category was more than offset by losses in Level 3 driven by corporateand other debt and derivative contracts. In our 10-K, and that’s inamongst position is classified within the same level, will be now included inthat level. In our third quarter disclosure these positions were showed on agross basis we’re going to actually – going to a separate column, this will benow more comparable to our peers. Within this presentation, change of totalasset position in Level 3 at the end of the third quarter was, approximately,7% of our total assets and Level 3 liabilities represents approximately 2% oftotal liabilities. While we're still working on the fourth quarter disclosures,we anticipate that the total Level 3 asset positions as a percentage of totalassets and the total Level 3 liability positions as a percentage of totalliabilities will remain approximately the same when we file our 10-K. Now, a bit on the outlook. As I mentionedin August and again in November, we believe that the credit environment remainschallenged. It may take several quarters to return to a more normal marketactivity levels of credit extension on liquidity provision. As we said lastquarter, this affects not only trading but also customer flow andsecuritization. Lending standards have tightened and we are seeing a return tomore traditional credit analysis. We expect many of the structured creditproducts to remain challenged for an extended period. However, there continuesto be opportunities in other areas of fixed income including interest rate,foreign exchange, commodity products and within emerging markets. Volatility in the equity marketsdoes not appear to be subsiding. This creates opportunities in our cashderivatives and prime brokerage businesses. Investment banking pipelines remainhealthy across advisory equities and fixed income, and we are still cautiouslyoptimistic. Asset Management and GlobalWealth Management continue to provide strong results for the market turmoil anda positive momentum going into next year. The near term cyclical challenges donot change our view of the long-term secular growth opportunities. But we willcontinue to allocate resources and capital into high growth areas globally andon a risks reward basis. Thank you for bearing with me; weare now happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes fromthe line of Guy Moszkowski with Merrill Lynch, go ahead.
Guy Moszkowski: Good morning.
John Mack: How are you doing?
Guy Moszkowski: Can you tell us how you think wegot to think first of all about the roughly 100 million shares, or obviously,possibly less than that coming into the share count for EPS purposes over thenext couple of years? What's the timeframe and what will drive the recognitionof those shares in the fully diluted count?
Colm Kelleher: Sure. Well they come in, as youknow, in August 2010; so short-term we will have a small charge upfront whichwill not probably down by a small amount. Then on conversion, depending on thestrike price, we will have 9.9% of the company will be represented by shares.
Guy Moszkowski: But as they come into or closerto the money, isn’t there are some gradual increment to the diluted shares asopposed to what happens to the book value calculation?
Colm Kelleher: There will be, yes. There will beimpact, as we come closer to the money much itself from the threshold price.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay.
Colm Kelleher: [For that] impact I have aschedule but I rather do on that Guy is that we've got the reference price andso on just come back to you with the schedule and show you the impact.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay, great. That will be veryhelpful. Thank you. How do you think at this point about your Tier 1 to assetsratio?
Colm Kelleher: Mean.
Guy Moszkowski: Yeah assuming --
Colm Kelleher: Kind of operation.
Guy Moszkowski: Yeah your Tier 1 capital ratiowith the $5 billion included?
Colm Kelleher: Look, we felt, we were prettywell capitalized despite the write-downs ahead of the equity infusion. Weobviously feel even more strongly confident about that post that.
Guy Moszkowski: And what is that ratio, because Ijust to get all of the numbers in place and put it relative to your assets atthe end of the quarter. What do you now viewed that ratio is?
Colm Kelleher: Look, all I can say at this stagebecause as you know we are not in a position yet to disclose until we met allour minimum regulatory requirements on Tier 1. We feel, we are adequatelycapitalized, and on regulatory capital, we think we have a significant access.
John Mack: Guy, this is John Mack. Also iscompared to our peers. We are more than adequately capitalize then our Tier 1.At this time, we just can't put out that number?
Guy Moszkowski: Okay. That's fair. If I can thenchange the topic could you talk us a little bit about the remaining $5.5billion or so of sub-prime related assets in the bank? Did you actually, didyou just change the status to trading assets within the bank or did the bankactually sell the position to the broker dealer and if not wouldn't it had beenwise to actually do that to transport out of the bank?
John Mack: Well, we decided we re-designatedso we've not sold the broker dealer. The reason, I have done this or we've donethis is to be transparent rather than taking temporary or permanent impairmentsthrough OCI and than taking a charge any permanent impairment. As we explainedbefore, these assets are of a very high quality, prices have been volatile inNovember and in some cases they went down to, for instance 93 and then reboundto 95, 96. We just felt that it was much clearer to re-designate these asmark-to markets securities.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay, that's fair. Maybe you canhelp us understand what happened in the asset management unit with the SIVcharges and what the interrelationship might or might not be between the SIVholding issues there and the net out close to your liquidity products?
John Mack: Well, I don't think those, thatout flows are related. So we talk about the SIV exposure, and as I said now onthis currently $7.7 billion of that repeat 92% is in low risk SIV that aresponsored by banks, which we continue to support them. The exposure is downfrom off peak in the quarter. Our biggest risk was from four SIVs that were notsponsored by the banks. I will just put this in context, the ABCP market andits peak was $1.2 trillion has shrunk to just around about $800 billion, manymoney market funds owned this paper. Of the four positions we had, onewas fully paid off, one is approximately two-third paid off, one we have takena charge against, which I described earlier. And the fourth one, we are notunduly concerned about given the credit quality of that SIV. I think overall,we feel that our exposure to SIVs we are comfortable with and we are committedto managing these funds folks from safety and liquidity.
Guy Moszkowski: And you bought those assetsessentially out of the --
John Mack: We bought one significant feesout of the money market fund once materialize.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay. And then, if can just ask afinal question. Share repurchase obviously declined materially during thequarter because you were experiencing losses and obviously had a capital issue.Should we assume that the share repurchase is probably suspended for some time?
John Mack: I think the Board gives usdiscretion to repurchase shares up to a cap as you know. I think it's safe toassume for the time being that we will be not exercising discretion torepurchase shares until we have clarification about the general overallclimate.
Colm Kelleher: And also, Guy, we need to see oneof the opportunities out there--I think one of the things that's happening--yes,we have had this loss, but there are going to be some opportunities that willbe very interesting for us internationally and domestically. So for the timebeing, we just wanted to see what is the best use of that capital and we get abetter feel for that. I don’t think it make sense to start repurchasing shares.
Guy Moszkowski: Fair enough. Alright, thank yougentleman, I appreciated it.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Glenn Shorr with UBS. Go ahead.
Glenn Shorr: Thanks very much. From what Iunderstand that MSCI gain ran through equity I just wondered if you could helpus just with the accounting and then maybe relative size. And if that meaningwe never going to see anything run through the P&L?
John Mack: Well, it was a two step process,as you know right on MSCI, and in a two step IPO you don't recognize the gain,it flows through the balance sheet that preserves the tax free nature of thespin off itself. That treatment is pursuant, if you want to be a talking aboutthis Staff Accounting Bulletin 51. Saleof MSCI shares represents the first step in a broader corporate reorganization.After that i.e., the anticipated future tax we spin off any gain associatedwith the sellers required to be recorded as a capital transaction. The impactis estimated to both of pre and after-tax addition to shareholders' equity ofapproximately $230 million. Now, we obviously have options on MSCI as towhether there are other things we can do with that, but that's where we are atthe moment plan.
Glenn Shorr: So, the $230 million was for thepiece recognized, there is actually another slug that would eventually runthrough equity, if that's what you said though.
John Mack: Correct.
Glenn Shorr: And that piece is a lot largerthan the piece that you have already recognized, correct?
John Mack: Yeah.
Glenn Shorr: Okay. On your CDS hedges and thethings that you identify on as hedges on slide 15. Can you talk at all towards counterparty,how you feel about it, and I'm sure you won't tell us who it is, but I'll trywho it is?
John Mack: Are you talking about thesubprime position?
Glenn Shorr: Yeah, I'm actually talking aboutthe hedges that are backing up the subprime position. So I see you short ABS,CDS in one or two places on that far right net exposure column on?
John Mack: I mean in that broad-based CDS, Imean that rocket of hedges have markets observable on a highly tradableinstruments with a broad range of counterparties.
Glenn Shorr: Okay. Down the line, it's thefirst side often not concentrated in any of the problem areas.
John Mack: Volatile.
Glenn Shorr: And then you mentioned earlier, Ijust want to make sure if I heard it right, it is the net of the charges comethrough about $5.80 if you take that less to 361, you get to 219, you mighttake a reverse -- the common reversal and the FAS 159 benefit. Is that the bestway to try to come to, what was not a normal world, but semi-normalized number?
John Mack: If you got to counterfeit thatwhen go through, you are going to take into account the taxation. So I thinkyou have to look at those.
Glenn Shorr: The $5.80 not after tax, or youare saying tax effects, the common in 159.
John Mack: It is after tax, correct.
Glenn Shorr: Okay, great. And then finally onthe capital raise, it came after quarter, in other words the book per share up$28.56 that we are looking at?
John Mack: Yeah.
Glenn Shorr: Is that free the capitalinfusion?
John Mack: Well, it is. Yeah, because thecapital infusion does a kick in, for the time being the capital infusion willbe a debt instrument at the point of conversion.
Glenn Shorr: Okay. Got it. So, no turns onthat.
John Mack: There is mismatch betweenobviously the way the rating agencies and your regulatory capital tax.
Glenn Shorr: And so how does that, is it fullyreflected on slide 4 then in terms of the unallocated capital position?
John Mack: They are absolutely not. As ofNovember 1st we are showing what slide 4 is.
Glenn Shorr: Okay, got it.
John Mack: Let me just remind you what theunallocated capital is. And the assumption, we obviously have a regulatorycapital requirement, we are even before the capital infusion in excess of ourregulatory capital requirements and the economic capital is an internal modelwe use for allocating capital for businesses. And that was a level ofdisclosure we gave surplus or deficit and I think.
Glenn Shorr: All right, and I mean I got it.You are going to raise, if you are in a deficit on your unallocated capitalthat's going to be a better driver than just whatever the regulatory capitalrequirements of the broker dealer are?
John Mack: Absolutely.
Glenn Shorr: Okay, cool. Thank you.
John Mack: Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Prashant Bhatia with Citigroup. Go ahead.
Prashant Bhatia: Hi, can you just help usreconcile the accounting impact of the $9 billion versus what the cash impacthas been, so just realized versus unrealized?
John Mack: I'm sorry Prashant, in respect towhat sorry?
Prashant Bhatia: How much of this is just markeddowns that you haven't been able to sell out of position?
John Mack: Of the $9.4 billion, the greatfocus is unrealized. Obviously, the $400 million that related to the CMBS wasrealized right. But the great focus is very much mark-to-market, is that whatyou are asking?
Prashant Bhatia: Right. Okay. So when we thinkabout -- I think the $1.8 billion in exposure that's left, is it fair to saythat from where you are sitting, you'd probably just want to leave thatexposure on until you have the cash flows end up performing on some of thesepositions? Or would you, if given the opportunity, liquidate that $1.8 billion?
John Mack: Well, I think that's tradingcolumn. We're on doing with the $1.8 billion is shown you a net exposure thatcomes out of our valuation using consistent valuation methodology. And just toget it out, the $1.8 billion exposure, remember what I said on November 7th,that is a function of assuming a 100% default with zero recovery and all yourshort expiring worthless. Within that, you can have some mark-to-marketvolatility.
Prashant Bhatia: Okay. And then on the CMBS side,it looks like you cut your exposure in half?
John Mack: I mean that's, yeah, I think Igave you the numbers. We took our net exposure from August down from $37.2billion to $17.5 billion.
Prashant Bhatia: Okay. And does that reflect, wasit relatively easy to reduce that exposure at some point in the quarter? Didyou kind of hit the wall and begins to reduce that cost?
John Mack: Well, I think looking at ageneral point, what I would say is, I gave a commitment early in November toreduce my balance sheet to get the leverage ratios, our all balance sheet tookthe leverage ratios back in line with the third quarter. We have done a significantreduction on that balance sheet to maintain those ratios as you can see. Itwasn't easy. Bits were easy, bits were not easy and there were some frictionalcosts involved with that. But I would say that, on the whole, we managed to getthat done.
Colm Kelleher: Yeah. Let me just add to that, Imean, the majority of this is overseas. And as a result, we continue todistribute these positions out in anywhere from our $100 million, to sometimes$4 million or $5 million a week. So that's how, that has taken place. Now, have we as Colm said,reduced the balance sheet, have we put some (inaudible) out there that we get alot more focus on, the answers yes and its worth. So, we continue to be activein that market.
Prashant Bhatia: Okay. And then in terms ofbalance sheet size going forward, the 1.1, should we expect that to continue toease down a little bit?
Colm Kelleher: I think you should expert us tobe judicious in our sizing of balance sheet and look to the very close eye toour leveraged ratios.
Prashant Bhatia: Okay. And then just finally onthe Wealth Management side, the new head of Wealth Management from Fidelity,does that signal in anyway maybe more of a focused on either at the massoutflow and/or the RIA channel at all?
Colm Kelleher: No, that's the continuation ofwhat James had started and she plugs into that and continues to build that.
Prashant Bhatia: Okay. Thank you.
John Mack: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Roger Freeman with Lehman Brothers. Go ahead.
Roger Freeman: Hi. Good morning. So just wantedto follow up on the mortgage exposure. So it's fair to assume, I think you saidthat the vintages are all '05, maybe early '06 in the CDO holding, is thatright?
John Mack: I think that she gave a ratio,but I am prepared to say that roughly 50% of the vintages are '05 and that'swhat quarters in November.
Roger Freeman: But I guess the question would beif it's only about 50%, the mark seems kind of stiff, if the remainder is latervintages where those ABS indices actually ended November roughly flat with theOctober. Can you give us little more color on?
John Mack: Sure. Of course I can. Well,first of all, we are absolutely confident that the valuation we gave as of 31October was a right using consistent valuation methodology. Two things happenedin November, which changed the valuation which we have to look to isidentifiable inputs. One was the sell off as you know in the '05 collateralwhich we can described. But two is in risking this position, we actually didexecute observable trades, which we have to calibrate to, and it was thatcalibration to external marks that has driven the valuations.
Roger Freeman: Okay.
John Mack: In addition to that, you areaware there is a lot of stuff going on in the market without thecounterparties, where circumstantially you are getting some evidence onpricing.
Roger Freeman: Okay, I mean, I guess, so is itpossible that some of these actual transactions occurred closer to mid month,as some of those other tranches were hitting their lows before they reboundedat the end of November?
John Mack: That's right.
Roger Freeman: Okay. Maybe John you couldcomment on this. Can you help us to think about the changes that you alluded toin risk management? I guess some of it is coming now in the column and there isanother piece that's going into mutual. And can you just talk about what'sactually changed specifically to how things were running and sort of whatliability issues?
John Mack: Well, in the past the way it wasrun that risk monitoring, risk management reported into the President of ISG.So, I’m just observing, what's going on I think the right reporting law is notto the business unit head or the division head that someone totallyindependent, who reports directly to me and that's why we’ve made the change.
Roger Freeman: Okay. What's the component that'sgoing to report into Mitch Patrick?
John Mack: Well, it’s going to be Tom Daula,who is in our risk monitoring area, who will work closely with Walid Chammahand that his whole risk monitoring team but it will be that team reporting toour CFO. And then Mitch Patrick, who has over side for all trading sales, willnot have a direct report to Colm, but clearly we work very closely with him.But the key is that risk management now reports to someone outside of thedivision, and reports to our CFO.
Roger Freeman: Okay. With respect to the fixedincome business…if we back out, the charges it looks like the run rate wassomething in the $1.1 billion range. Can you comment on the impacted November,specifically, had on that particularly around client growth maybe what you areseeing here in December, I know, it’s not a greater representative month? Butthen your thoughts about sort of the run rate going forward i.e., couldrevenues actually be down year-over-year not including charges?
Colm Kelleher: I think John described accuratelywhat was going on in the credit markets, and that’s where we have the greatestdegree of uncertainty. There is no doubt that not just in the mortgage area,but in our credit markets broadly we are seeing relatively little activity.Having said that, we continued to see very buoyant activity in our interestrates and currency business. This is our second best quarter ever, and thatcontinues the pace, and we see demographic trends that will underscore thatbusiness and allow us to grow it. We see no fall off in activity there. Secondly, our commoditiesbusiness, I think I’ve described the fall off was not a result of fall off offlow. It was a result of poor trading, and we feel pretty optimistic aboutthat. So, in terms of the run rate on the fixed income business and Johndescribed this very well what you are looking at is certainly a few quarters ofcontraction in the credit businesses until we can get some clarification onextension of credit to liquidity.
Roger Freeman: Okay. And do you think investmentbanking it sounds like you think that’s going to be up next year? What changedyour view?
John Mack: It provides, i.e., all thesegains is that our investment banking pipelines are healthy. Our M&Apipelines are healthy. Our IPO pipelines are healthy. So, the world economycould change that could be contingent.
Colm Kelleher: Yes, no doubt about it, again thissponsor business have been a very active business not only for us, but for thestreet and it slowed down there is just no question about that.
Roger Freeman: Right. Okay. Alright thanks alot.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Mike Mayo with Deutsche Bank. Go ahead.
Mike Mayo: Hi. Your super senior mezzanine,you have net $3.9 billion left; how much of that has been written down--you had$11 billion a year-ago, which would imply it’s written down to, like, to $0.35of a dollar, but it was $14 billion when you took the positions--that implies$0.29 of a dollar; we don’t know if you sold any, so can you give us some colorthere?
John Mack: We have sold some Mike, but theproblem with giving you that ratio and I think its best for you to calculatingyourself is, you are not looking at like-to-like instruments in the street. AndI am not ducking the question, all I can say is that we've used the valuationmethodology where we are comfortable with the valuations we've taken, but theseinstruments have different attachment points, different vintages fromhouse-to-house. So you can workout the math if you think it’s relevant, what Ican assure you is that what we've done is used the relevant inputs to get tothe right valuation for this as at November 30.
Mike Mayo: Is that in the ballpark, likeusing $11 billion from a year ago though?
Colm Kelleher: I mean, those are numbers thatare correct numbers. So, as I have said the proviso is, it’s a function of thecollateral tools underlying them, it’s a function of the attachment points.
Mike Mayo: I guess. Did you sell a lot orlittle?
Colm Kelleher: We didn’t sell.  Well, it depends on what your definition isof a lot or a little; we sold a significant enough amount to allow us to priceour portfolio.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And then just for aclarification with the new $5 billion of capital, though only be a modestimpact on book value until August 2010?
John Mack: That’s right.
Mike Mayo: And there will be no impact onfully diluted shares until then?
John Mack: No it starts accreting independing on the threshold price. So as I said to a Guy before, what I’d liketo do is that when we actually settle -- get the reference price and so on. Wewill give you further details on that Mike.
Mike Mayo: Can you give us any kind ofballpark way of thinking about this?
Colm Kelleher: I would rather not until the dealis struck as I have said.
Mike Mayo: Okay.
Colm Kelleher: It will be shortly.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And then lastly I guess forJohn, what?
John Mack: This is not a [Merlyn Duke]question is it?
Mike Mayo: What count do you want to givefor risk taking at the organization? You can pull back on risk a whole lotacross the board and I guess the firm kind of faced that at the start of thedecade or you can continue to take a lot more risk and potentially face moreproblems. So where is the happy middle?
John Mack: Look, I think, and I've said thiswas a caveat that we are in a risk business and we will be taking risk. If youlook at currencies, the interest rates, if you look what we did in the equitytrading businesses, they were really exceptional results. Again, like this isone desk who in my view took risk that they made a misjudgment on. So, in theshort run, I am going to be, this firm is going to be much more cautious insome of these larger bets. So from that perspective we are going to dial itback a little bit. But for putting risk capital into our trading positions andalso into some of our proprietary positions, we will continue to do that. But Ithink anytime you have a situation like this and as we've changed reporting ourrisk monitoring we have Mitch Patrick running the trading areas with moremonitors working for him and do we get that really set up the way we want? Ithink we’ve been sprinting and we're going to be jogging right now for a while,but we will still be in the market taking risk.
Mike Mayo: Alright, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Meredith Whitney with CIBC World Markets. Go ahead.
Meredith Whitney: Good morning, now good afternoon.I wanted you thank you for your level of detail and ask you two follow-upqualitative questions. If you look at the last couple of quarters, obviouslymarred by the subprime melt down, but also what has struck me in terms ofchallenged trading strategies within your commodity business. And If you couldjust outline characteristically, are there any similarities in terms of tradingstrategies and then how you're going to manage risk and then how you would looktowards trading into -- this commodities trading into '08? And then my second question isrelated to compensation expense in the fourth quarter, really nice number foryour employees is, it’s fair to read the [QAs] and say that you are, therefore,optimistic towards 2008 and that or what does it say about your outlook forstaffing?
John Mack: Hi, Meredith. I thought the firstquestion was about five questions, in other way it would be…
Meredith Whitney: You call me a cheater.
Colm Kelleher: Look, I think our commoditiesissue is a very simply issue. It was poor trade. It’s as simple as that, it wasa nothing, we had a structure or whatever; we were badly positioned inelectricity, natural gas and oils, right. And we -- that's an easy remedy giventhe call, pre-evidence we have in that business. And we’ve taken steps ofmoving people around to reenergize that DNA. So, I don't think there is anyissue there of risk management or anything wrong otherwise. We think it's abusiness that will contribute significantly to our projections going forward. On compensation you areabsolutely right, we have to represent and repay the enterprise value of thefirm. The bottom line is, if you’d have backed these losses to our businessesthis would have been a great year for Morgan Stanley. These losses came from asmall desk, proprietary trading desk. We didn’t feel it was appropriate topunish the rest of the firm for that, but we also think as John has said weactually may have challenging -- we will have challenging times ahead of us.There are going to be opportunities, where we with our franchise can take realadvantage and make money here and we want to make sure we have the best peoplein place for that.
John Mack: Meredith, John I -- let me addjust a couple of things. I think now what the change is with Walid and James andwe will take a much deeper dive into something that I have been a littlefrustrated with is making progress outside of our non-comps. And in the firstpart of the year I can't announce it now we have someone joining us who willhave a couple of hats on and one of those hats will be specifically on some ofour non-comps and some of the things we've structured that I think would be alot more efficient. So, let me just put that into the mix of '08 what we'll bedoing?
Meredith Whitney: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of William Tanona with Goldman Sachs. Go ahead.
William Tanona: Great, thank you. Just if wecould ask you a question on the risk again, I know everybody has been dancingaround, but I guess my question would be more. Help us understand how thiscould happen that you could take this large of a loss I mean I would imaginethat you guys have position limits and risk limits as such I just -- it believesme to think that you guys could have one desk that could lose $8 billion?
John Mack: That's a wrong question.
William Tanona: Excuse me.
John Mack: Hello hi and…
William Tanona: I missed you.
John Mack: Bill, look, let's be clear. One,this trade was recognized and entered into our accounts. Two, it was enteredinto our risk management system. It's very simple. When these got, it's simple,it's very painfully, so I am not being glib. When these guys stress loss thescenario on putting on this position, they did not envision that's stresslosses that we could have this degree of default, right. It is fair to say,that our risk management division did not stress those losses as well. It'sjust simple as that. Those are big fat-tail risk that caught us hard, right.That's what happened. Now with hindsight, can you catchthings? We are not unique in being along in these positions, right? What isunique is that, this was a trade that was put on as a propriety trade and wehave learnt a very expensive and by the way Bill humbling lessons.
William Tanona: Okay. Fair enough. I guess, theother thing I kind of would question to those, I am surprised that your tradingVaR stayed stable in the quarter given this level of loss, and given that Iwould suspect that these were trading assets. So can you help me understand whyyour VaR didn't increase in the quarter dramatically?
John Mack: Bill, I think VaR is a very goodrepresentation of liquid trading risk. But in terms of the (inaudible) of that,I am very happy to get back to you on that when we have been out of this,because I can't answer that at the moment.
William Tanona: Okay. Fair enough. And then Iguess a follow-up question in terms of the Supplement page 15. Can you help meunderstand a little bit better in terms of reconciling the statement offinancial condition columns over on the left hand side with the net exposurecolumn on the right hand side?
John Mack: Really problem is that most ofthese positions are derivatives, right. So, that's the answer. So the onlyreason we put in the statement of financial condition initially was that one ofour peers had done that if you remember. We clarified it by putting in P&Lmovements in net exposure. Really the column you want to look at is the netexposure, because it reflects the bulk of these positions, the super senior mezzanine,which I know you are very familiar with are derivative contracts.
William Tanona: Okay. So for the most part,that's the one we should focus on the net exposure column. And I guess my lastquestion we obviously saw some ratings actions out of S&P this morning onthese financials guarantors. I think probably the most significant one being onACA moving that to C from A or CCC from an A. Can you just tell us kind of whatyour exposure is to some of these model lines and if you do have exposure tothese model lines?
John Mack: Well, Bill, I think everybody hasexposures to these model lines of the business, but we think that all modellines exposure is relatively modest, right. So in terms of what we have, youknow what we own in the Utah Bank, which is $1.54 billion. We have $1.34billion of municipal model line bonds and we have approximately 130 million ofothers positions away from that. In terms of counterparty exposure, we have anet exposure of $761 million.
William Tanona: And that's the aggregate for allmodel lines?
John Mack: Yeah.
William Tanona: Okay. Great, thank you.
John Mack: I mean that's pretty modest.
William Tanona: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Steven Warden with JP Morgan. Go ahead.
Steven Warden: Hello. I just wanted to follow upon the capital question again. I am a little confused. So I understand that theequity will accrete in the book value over time as we get closer to theconversion date. But I guess my question is, do you get regulatory capitaltreatment for the mandatory convert?
John Mack: Yes. We do.
Steven Warden: Yes.
John Mack: We also get rating agency hasdifferent treatments for different pockets, but broadly this is a regulatorypiece treated as tier-one and rating agencies give us to a large extent fullcredit for the whole thing, some savings depending on which rating agencies. Sothis is very definitely seen as a capital.
Steven Warden: Okay, great. That’s all myquestions. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Michael Hecht with Banc of America. Go ahead.
Michael Hecht: Hi guys, thanks for taking myquestion.
John Mack: You’re welcome.
Michael Hecht: I just want to come back on thecomments on the Level 3 assets I guess you mentioned they have declined toabout 7% of assets at the end of the quarter. So, that would put them at about$83 billion, if I’m doing my math right?
Colm Kelleher: I don’t want to do that numberyet because obviously we're still finishing for the year end. But if youremember it's 7% also of reduced balance sheet.
Michael Hecht: Right, okay. And then so, itsounds like there was a bit of a mix shift within Level 3. I guess, what I’mtrying to get a sense of is you guys have seen any marks as it relates to Level3 assets that maybe ran through the P&L this quarter? And then if you couldjust maybe remind us what the biggest components of Level 3 because I don’tthink, there was a lot of differentiation going on amongst what’s actually withinthat?
Colm Kelleher: Well. Obviously, there was onevery big mark that ran through Level 3, which we’ve just announced right? Andin terms, if you remember in our Q last time round, we gave a definition ofLevel 1, 2, and 3 what the pretty comprehensive idea, what the inputs were thatdefine those. I can send that to you.
John Mack: Well, I can revamp if you want.
Michael Hecht: No, that's fine. That’s fair.Thanks, that's all I have.
Colm Kelleher: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: And our final question comes fromthe line of Douglas Sipkin with Wachovia. Go ahead.
Douglas Sipkin: Yeah, hi, good afternoon. Twoquestions one, how should we be thinking about the mortgage asset class goingforward? And then sort of following on that, how should we be thinking aboutsort of your acquisition sort of strategies given your investment in a mortgagecompanies at the end of 2006. So, should we be thinking you guys are still verycommitted to that asset class and you are going to commit capital to takeadvantage of opportunities on the trading side or are you going to pullback inthe mortgage business? Thanks.
John Mack: Well, we are not going topullback on the mortgage business. Clearly a slowdown if you look at Saxon andthey are servicing about 65% of what they did was servicing. So, we arecommitted to it without a question though on the origination side that businessis going to get smaller. That we are still going to be active in it and we arelooking at some of the things that we have done internationally and making adecision there or we are going to take a different profile and that's what weare discussing now.
Colm Kelleher: And just to add to that I thinkI've said before that one of the things that we are looking at as we feel thatthe capital market distribution model in Europe needs to be looked up veryclosely, as John just said. So, we will come back.
Douglas Sipkin: So, I guess the events of Q3 andQ4 shouldn't impact your ability to continue to consistently provide liquidityand take advantage of opportunities as they arise both in U.S. and globally?
John Mack: That's correct.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay, thank you.
John Mack: Well, thank you very mucheverybody for joining us. I wish you all happy holidays. We will see you nextyear with follow-up. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank youfor your participation in today's conference. That does conclude thepresentation. You may disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-09-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Morgan Stanley conference call. The following is a live broadcast by Morgan Stanley and is provided as a courtesy. Please note this call is being broadcast on the Internet through the company's website at www.MorganStanley.com. A replay of the call and webcast will be available through the company's website and by phone until October 19, 2007. This presentation may contain forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made, which reflect management's current estimates, projections, expectations or beliefs, and which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. For a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of the Company, please see Forward-looking Statements immediately preceding Part 1, Item 1; Competition and Regulation in Part 1, Item 1; Risk Factors in Part 1, Item 1(a); Legal Proceedings in Part 1, Item 3; Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part 2, Item 7; and Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk in Part 2, Item 7(a), of the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2006; Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations; and Risk Factors in the Company's quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, for the quarterly period ended February 28, 2007 and May 31, 2007; and other items throughout the Form 10-K, and the company's 2007 current reports on Form 8-K. The information provided may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and our current reports on 8-K which are available on our website, www.MorganStanley.com. Any recording, rebroadcast or other use of this presentation in whole or in part is strictly prohibited without prior written consent of Morgan Stanley. This presentation is copyrighted and proprietary to Morgan Stanley. At this time, I would like to turn the program over to David Sidwell and Colm Kelleher for today's conference call.
David Sidwell: Thanks everyone for joining us today. I am glad to have my colleague and incoming CFO Colm with me to discuss our results. This has been a quarter with many challenging market dynamics. My goal is to be as clear as possible as to how this impacted our results. Third quarter income from continuing operations was $1.5 billion, down from our record last quarter of $2.4 billion. Earnings per share from continuing operations was $1.38 per share, versus a record $2.24 a share last quarter. Return on equity from continuing operations was 17.2%, down from 29%. Results for Discover for all periods have been reclassified to discontinued operations, including the one-month results for June in the current quarter. Diluted earnings per share was $1.44 a share, compared with $2.45 last quarter. We have reported net revenues of $8 billion; 24% lower than our quarterly record in the second quarter, driven by the decrease in institutional securities revenues. Let me highlight the areas that are key to understanding our results. The credit markets deteriorated considerably over the course of the quarter, with increased volatility, significant spread widening, lower levels of liquidity and reduced price transparency at all parts of the capital structure. These factors affected the leveraged lending markets, the effectiveness of hedging strategies, sub-prime mortgage markets including the CDO market, as well as other structured credit products. This credit environment significantly impacted our results in relationship and leveraged lending, and credit sales and trading. First in relationship and leveraged lending, where markdowns to our loans and commitments led to losses of approximately $940 million reported in our other sales and trading net revenues. The earnings per share impact from these losses was approximately $0.33 a share. These losses include the $726 million impact of marking to market including certain fees a $31 billion pipeline of leveraged loan commitments made to support acquisitions made by financial sponsors. Second, corporate credit and securitized credit product sales and trading businesses, including our residential and commercial mortgage businesses, had lower revenues than the strong second quarter. Revenues were approximately $260 million this quarter, compared with $1.3 billion last quarter, with the largest decrease in corporate credit where losses in our structured credit business, as the extreme market moves impaired the performance of hedge strategies, more than offset strong investment grade and other trading results. Our residential and commercial mortgage business had lower revenues than the second quarter as the market continued to deteriorate, particularly in the senior portion of the capital structure. We significantly reduced our positions during the course of the quarter in light of the market continues in corporate, residential, and commercial credit. The final area I want to highlight is quantitative strategies, which had losses of approximately $480 million. The strategies in question were market neutral strategies where the trading portfolios were comprised of long and short positions that had little or no exposure to an index or market pricing factor. Losses peaked in the midst of the market deleveraging in early August, but were reduced by gains -- albeit at much reduced positions -- subsequent to the deleveraging. This is reported in our equity sales and trading net revenues. The credit environment impact on our lending and credit sales and trading was partially offset by an approximately $390 million gain from the spread widening in Morgan Stanley's credit on some of our own structured notes. Of this amount, approximately $290 million was reported in fixed income sales and trading and $100 million in equity sales and trading. The turn in the environment coming on the heels of our strongest quarter ever exacerbated the steepness of the sequential quarterly decline. However, the diversity of our platform enabled us to generate a solid, firm-wide 17.2% return on equity. Institutional securities were strong in investment banking; our equities business produced strong results, excluding quantitative strategies; we had record interest rate and currency trading and prime brokerage results; and commodities had a solid quarter. We continued to demonstrate significant progress in improving our global wealth management and active management results. All of these businesses mitigated the impact the significant market disruption had on our overall results. Let me now turn to address other aspects of our firm-wide results, which are outlined on pages 1 and 2 of the supplement. While our revenues decreased 24% from the second quarter, total non-interest expenses were $5.7 billion, down 19%. The largest component, compensation benefits expense, was $3.6 billion, down sequentially from $5 billion primarily reflecting the low revenues in the quarter, as well as adjustments to the full year estimated payout to reflect revenue trends and outlook for institutional securities and asset management. The nine months compensation to net revenue ratio is 47%. Non-compensation expense was $2.1 billion, up 4.5%, driven by higher brokerage and clearing reflecting an unprecedented volume of trade. The non-compensation to net revenue ratio was 26% this quarter. Year-to-date the ratio is at 21%, which is an improvement over the 22% ratio for the same period last year. Our effective income tax rate for continuing operations increased from the second quarter by 1.8 percentage points to 34.4%. This was primarily due to lower estimated tax credits due to the higher anticipated phase out of coal credits. The year-to-date tax rate in continuing operations remain 33%, consistent with last year's normalized rate. Now I would like to hand over the call to Colm, who will discuss the details of our business segment results.
Colm Kelleher: Thank you, David and thank you all for joining us today. David and I have been working closely together this quarter to ensure a smooth transition of the CFO function. That seamless transition has been particularly important given the market turmoil of the past quarter. As David mentioned, we produced a healthy 17.2% return on equity, despite the material dislocation in the credit markets. There are many moving parts in our results, and we are going to provide you with enough analytic metrics to help you model future scenarios based on your overall market assumptions. Let me begin with institutional securities detailed on page 5 of the supplement. The market conditions, as David mentioned, drove the segment's revenues lower in equity and fixed income sales and trading, as well as investment banking. Net revenues of $5 billion were down 33% from the second quarter of '07. Non-interest expenses of $3.5 billion decreased 22%, driven by lower compensation in light of the lower revenues. PBT of $1.5 billion was down 49% from last quarter's record, and the profit before tax margin of 30%, was down from the 40% reported last quarter. We achieved here a return on equity of 16%, down from 35%. Looking at page 6 of the supplement, investment banking revenues were $1.4 billion, down 16% from the record set in the second quarter of '07. All categories were lower than last quarter, but higher than last year. We continue to maintain leading M&A market shares with a number one year-to-date rank in M&A completed, number two in announced, with approximately 30% market shares in each. Our year-to-date rank in U.S. IPOs is number one and we are number two in global IPOs. We are number one year-to-date in U.S. equity and related issues, and number four globally. In debt underwriting, our year-to-date rank was number, with a stable share of the market. Our year-to-date rank in Investment Grade debt is three. This is the most vibrant area of the market, and our participation remains strong. Our year-to-date non-investment grade rank was nine. The Investment Banking environment was mixed during the quarter. Non-investment grade debt markets effectively dried up during the second half, while investment grade issuance continued at a brisk pace. Equity capital market volumes and completed M&A remain relatively healthy, up from last year, down slightly from the second quarter. Our backlogs remain relatively strong with M&A flat to last quarter, equity down, investment grade debt up, and non-investment grade down. However, these deals are subject to market conditions and investor receptivity. Recognizing this, we are cautiously optimistic. There has been a lot of attention given to the financial sponsor business. As you would expect, the proportion of financial sponsored transactions in our pipelines has decreased. Strategic deals continue to be a meaningful component of our backlog in both M&A and underwriting. In the long-term, we believe the financial sponsors will continue to play a significant role in the market, though currently there is a pause in their activity. Advisory revenues decreased 8% to $664 million from our record quarter last quarter. Equity underwriting revenues were down 13% to $429 million, following our near record second quarter of '07. Fixed income underwriting revenues were $346 million, down 29% from our second quarter record, largely reflecting the sharp decline in both the high yield bond and leveraged loan markets. Also on page 6 of the supplement, you can see we had a weaker sales and trading quarter with total revenues of $3.1 billion, down 39% from our strong second quarter. This quarter was characterized by a deteriorating credit environment and extreme volatility across markets. Specifically, equity sales and trading revenues of $1.8 billion were 21% lower than our record quarter set last quarter. The decrease was driven by losses sustained in our quantitative strategies business. The other businesses that make up our equities business were up from last quarter by 8%. David has addressed the losses in quantitative strategies, so I will focus on other parts of the business. Derivative revenues reached a second consecutive record quarter on higher customer flow. Financing products had record revenues with strong commission revenues driven by increased client activity. The cash business had lower revenues, as higher commission revenues were offset by loss ratios. The contribution of electronic trading improved significantly this quarter in a record-setting volume environment. Our prime brokerage business produced record revenues, and had record average customer balances for the 18th consecutive quarter, although balances were affected by the market dynamics during the quarter. Average balances increased 10% to peak levels in July, and then fell back to levels roughly equal to where they were at the beginning of the quarter. During the quarter, there were no hedge fund defaults amongst our prime brokerage clients, and we did not see margin calls ramp up beyond normal market movements. In fixed income sales and trading, $2.2 billion in revenues were down 24% from our strong second quarter results. Difficult credit markets drove the decrease from the second quarter. Credit market revenues were down 72%, and David has covered the primary drivers of the decrease. Record interest rate and currency results were 49% higher than second quarter, despite lower revenues in emerging markets. A driver of the increase of the revenues from the impact of widening Morgan Stanley credit spreads on firm-issued structured notes that David has mentioned. The other increases were broad-based. We were well-positioned in interest rates for market movements, and in derivatives for the flight to quality seen during the quarter when foreign exchange trading revenues were higher. Commodities decreased 12% driven by increased gains from structured deals, and strong results in the transactional and flow business, offset by lower trading revenues. Loans and commitment details are on page 7 of the financial supplement. Total loans and commitments net of hedges rose $8.3 billion to $67.2 billion. Our policy is to mark-to-market loans and commitments, and during the quarter we recorded an overall loss of approximately $940 million in our lending business. As of the end of the third quarter, we have commitments of $31 billion in the pipeline related to leveraged acquisition financings, including both bank loans and bridge financings primarily to non-investment grade names, which are accepted but not yet closed commitments. This pipeline is subject to change, either because the transaction is not completed, or the terms are changed. The pipeline of loan commitments is mark-to-market including certain fees and based on a deal by deal assessment. The writedown in the quarter was $726 million net of certain fees. The gross was $1.2 billion. This represents our marks as of August 31. The ultimate realized economics could change, depending on the extent that they are renegotiated, repriced, or the transaction does not occur. These valuations are largely the result of liquidity issues; credit analysis would not indicate this degree of loss. Corporate loans within current-only tests, or covenant light deals, represent under 40% of the pipeline. Our leveraged finance business has been to originate and distribute and accordingly our intent is to distribute our current book. However, this may take longer than in the past, and we are subject to market conditions changing during the whole period. Our ability to address issues in our pipeline will improve as liquidity reenters the market. Principal transactions investment revenues were $217 million, a $179 million decrease. The decrease was primarily driven by lower real estate and private equity gains on this corresponding deferred compensation markup. Aggregate average trading and non-trading value at risk, VaR, increased to $91 million from $87 million last quarter, driven predominantly by increases in interest rate and credit spread of VaR. Period end aggregate trading and non-trading VaR decreased in the quarter to $84 million from $93 million, as we actively reduced positions during the quarter. It is important to realize the change in market conditions imply a higher volatility, and therefore higher risk as measured by VaR on these reduced exposures. As an illustration of this dynamic, if the period end risk positions were measured using last quarter's market levels, risk would be approximately 15% lower. Our average surplus or unallocated capital was $3.5 billion, down from $4.2 billion in the last quarter. The amount of capital allocated to institutional securities increased $2 billion to $25.7 billion Tier 1 equity, largely due to the increased market volatility, particularly in the credit markets. During the quarter we were extremely focused on our liquidity position, and measuring the sources and uses of liquidity daily. We took advantage of available market opportunities to issue CD and long-term debt to further strengthen our liquidity. Now turning to page 8 of the financial supplement in our global wealth management business, despite the environment and typical seasonal trends, wealth management had strong results. There were higher levels of client activity, including net new assets, continued strong financial advisor productivity, and a number of new product launches. Revenues reached $1.7 billion, up 2% from the second quarter of '07, our best revenue quarter since the second quarter of 2000, reflecting slightly higher asset management revenues, as well as increased net interest due to growth in the bank deposit program. Non-interest expenses of $1.4 billion, net of an insurance recovery, were up slightly from last quarter because of the increase in business activities. Profit before tax of $287 million was up 9%, and the PBT margin increased to 17% from 16%. The return on equity for this business was 39%. This business continues to build on its momentum showing strength in many areas. On page 9 of the supplement you can see this in a number of productivity metrics. Net new assets of $14.6 billion represents our sixth consecutive quarter of client inflows, and the highest since we started tracking this metric. Assets in the $1 million plus household segment increased $2 billion on 71% of our total client asset base, versus 66% at this point last year. Total client assets increased 1% sequentially to $734 billion, driven by net new assets. Fee-based assets represented 29% of the total. Average production and total client assets per global representative were inline with the second quarter at $817,000 and $88 million respectively, as our FA headcount increased to over 8,300 producers, with the addition of our most recent trading class as well as targeted hires of high quality producers. We continue to hire producers with higher production than those we lose. Our bank deposit program continued to grow, ending the quarter over $19 billion, on track to exceed our goal of $20 billion by year end. We had another successful product launch in coordination with asset management, the Van Kampen dynamic credit opportunities closed end fund, with sales of over $1 billion. We also launched a new type of account, Morgan Stanley Advisory, a non-discretionary advisory account, in part to help mitigate some of the changes related to fee-based brokerage accounts in the industry. Let me turn to our asset management business. As you can see on page 10 of the supplement, net revenues of $1.4 billion were down 10%. However, income before taxes was $491 million, up 62%; PBT margin was 36%, and our return on equity increased to 35%, driven by a decrease in expenses primarily compensation. Looking first at revenues, the decline was driven by principal transaction investment revenues of $338 million that were 43% lower than last quarter on lower private equity and real estate and alternative gains. Of the $338 million, $211 million was from real estate and $136 million was from private equity. These numbers include the gross-up in employee deferred compensation in these businesses, which is offset by a similar gross-up in compensation expense. We expect principal transactions investment revenues will be a growing but lumpy in nature part of our revenues, as we build our real estate, private equity and infrastructure businesses. Management and admin fees, a key indicator of the positive momentum in this business, continue to show good growth quarter to quarter, increasing 10% to $926 million, largely driven by higher average asset growth across all of our businesses as well as higher incentive fees in our alternatives business. Non-interest expenses of $873 million were down 28%, driven primarily by the reduction in compensation, reflecting our current view of full-year performance and the related compensation payout of lower investment related expenses in the quarter. Non-compensation expenses were also slightly lower this quarter, with lower professional service fees. We have clearly generated PBT margins that exceeded the 20% level we were expecting earlier this year, primarily due to the strength in investment gains, and in this quarter the adjustment of the compensation payout. Given the dramatic increase in the assets under management and as part of the completion of the movement to real estate group to the asset management division, we have adjusted the compensation payouts in this area. The 28% year-to-date PBT margin reflects these factors to eliminate some of the quarterly noise. Turning to page 11 of the supplement, you can see assets under management and supervision increased by $17 billion, to end the quarter at a record $577 billion. We had $20.8 billion in total net in-flows, which marks our fourth consecutive quarter of net asset inflows. Positive net flows were driving by strength in institutional liquidity with $12.4 billion of inflows, largely driven by new and expanded client relationships and institutions placing funds in short-term money markets as they determine the impact of the market dislocation. We would expect some of these funds to flow out as money managers put funds into long-term investments. Non-U.S. channel had $6.1 billion of inflows, $1.2 billion in the Americas Intermediary channel, $1.1 billion in the Van Kampen branded funds, and $300 million in U.S. institutional. This positive activity reflected strong flows from the alternatives and real estate products included in the launch of a Van Kampen dynamic credit opportunities closed end fund via the Van Kampen branded channel. Morgan Stanley branded retail funds showed modest outflows during the quarter. Our total year-to-date net inflows of $34.6 billion compared favorably to the $14.3 billion in net outflows we saw through the nine months ended 2006. Flows into our newer products, primarily in real estate and other alternative areas, remain very strong in the quarter and we continue to broaden our product offerings. We launched and incubated 24 new products in the third quarter, including 14 in alternatives, seven in equities, and three in fixed income. This positive trend in net flows in the face of down trending market indexes, contributed to our record assets under management of $577 billion at quarter end, up 3% from the last quarter which is key evidence of the progress we are making on our key initiatives and the momentum being built in the business. In summary, we are pleased with the traction we are getting with our investments for long-term growth including product expansion and alternatives, and the progress we are making in developing our private equity and infrastructure businesses. We have also completed the build out of our senior management team, and continue to execute on our critical initiatives for growth across the business globally. As we told you last quarter and you saw in our 10-Q, following the spin of Discover we expected our share count to increase, reflecting the impact of the adjustment for the spin of employee held Morgan Stanley restricted shares. We repurchased approximately 10 million shares of common stock for approximately $627 million. Year-to-date we have repurchased approximately 42 million shares of common stock for approximately $3.2 billion. With respect to the pace of repurchases, we evaluate and balance the needs of our business for additional capital to invest in organic growth and make attractive acquisitions with our objective over time of offsetting the dilutive impact of equity compensation to employees. We have $2.8 billion remaining under our current board authorization. On page 3 of the supplement, you can see that this quarter we have added regional revenue disclosure at the firm-wide level. Year-to-date, 58% of our revenues have come from the Americas, 28% from Europe, Middle East and Africa, and 14% from Asia. Year-to-date international revenues increased 50%, continuing to outpace the growth rate of the U.S. which increased 18%. U.S. results included the majority of trading losses therefore our results this quarter are skewed in favor of non-U.S. results. The methodology used differs slightly from the regional disclosure we have previously provided in our 10-Ks, which is based on a legal entity basis. The methodology is defined in the footnote on page 3 of the supplement. Now a bit on the outlook. The challenging market conditions that we experienced in the third quarter and in many parts of the credit markets were intense and have continued into September. The environment remains one of the high volatility, wide credit spreads, lack of observable market price and low liquidity, with investors very much on the sidelines waiting for more certainty of asset values. This affects not just trading opportunities, but the flow of origination and securitization activity. In addition, being a major market player, we remain exposed to risk exposures through a number of instruments: lending commitments, sub-prime, CDOs, commercial mortgages are examples. We believe it will take at least a quarter or two for the credit markets to return to a more normal extension of credit and provision of liquidity. Other parts of the fixed income business remain strong, with strong client interest rate, foreign exchange, and commodity products. In addition, equity markets have remained resistant and there is high market volume interest in derivatives and financing products. So while we may continue to see challenging market conditions in the months ahead, we believe turbulent times like this are an opportunity for Morgan Stanley to distinguish itself and outpace our peers. These near term cyclical challenges do not change our view of the long-term secular growth opportunities we see. We will continue to invest in the long-term growth of our business and our people, who are focused on working together to deliver to our clients as we help them navigate through these challenges markets. At this point in the quarter, we are seeing early signs of reengagement by investors in the credit markets. The recent market events have had a severe impact on the ability to distribute loans; we believe this will ultimately normalize, and the market will return. The Fed action yesterday was welcome, but is a first step. We have spoken in the past about the importance of the leveraged lending market. We have pursued market share in this market with strong risk management disciplines. We felt that pricing in the market had become excessive, and you can see our relative restraint in our non-investment grade league table ranking. Equity volatility and downward indexes movement will impact fees in average assets under management, and while retail has been very active and we continue to make strides and improve margins, prolonged equity market disruptions will likely slow the level of retail transaction activity. I mentioned earlier that our investment banking pipelines across advisory equities and fixed income are relatively healthy. Obviously results in the principal investment activities will depend on the overall level of the market. The fourth quarter tends to be seasonally slower than both the first and second quarters, both in the retail and institutional side. Clearly we are very focused on our control of expenses and resource allocation given the market disruptions and the business activity levels. While it is too early to forecast if we will be able to reduce the ratio of operating expense to net revenues, we are actively working on our forecasting and budgeting models to ensure that we are maximizing our capital and human resources to capture business growth and market positions in an optimal and most efficient manner. Having said that, we remain optimistic about the future for Morgan Stanley. Our fixed income business remains on solid ground, and our views of the difficulties we saw this quarter, represented a necessary repricing of the markets, and did not impair the overall fixed income business. What we saw this quarter and specifically in August represents short-term market dislocations of the market, and we are confident that both domestic and European markets will recover. Given the strong results in Asia and Russia this quarter, the bifurcation of the markets and the breadth of our business model across products and geographies is evident. We continue to invest in the long-term growth of our businesses, and feel that we are well-positioned to deliver value to shareholders as we implement our strategy to capture the substantial growth opportunities we see around the globe. Before we turn it over for question and answers, I am going to hand it back to David.
David Sidwell: Thanks, Colm. I want to spend a minute on fair value measurements. There has obviously a lot of attention given to fair value measures in recent weeks. We adopted the relevant FASB's 157 and 159 at the beginning of the year and you have seen the relevant footnotes in our last two 10-Q filings. The disclosure provides our assets and liabilities are recorded at fair value, categorized based upon a fair value hierarchy. In some cases the inputs used to measure fair value fall into different levels of the hierarchy. In those instances, the asset or liability is categorized at the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Given the third quarter market dynamics, more instruments have become illiquid and as you would expect, the level of financial assets categorized in Level 3, which is the most illiquid category, have increased. Our total asset position of Level 3 in the second quarter was approximately 5% of our total assets. Level 3 liabilities represented approximately 2% of total liabilities. While we are still working on the third quarter disclosures, we anticipate that the total of Level 3 asset positions will increase to approximately 8% of total assets when we file our Q. Of the increase, approximately one-fourth or one-quarter represents Level 2 assets moving into the Level 3 category. Level 3 liabilities will represent about 3% of total liabilities. The major components of Level 3 are the same as we disclosed in the second quarter. Corporate and other debt, derivatives -- which is primarily complex structured instruments -- and investments which includes real estate funds and private equity. Corporate and other debt in the assets category includes closed leveraged acquisition finance loans, commercial and residential whole loans to be securitized, commercial whole loans for private placements, and mortgage-backed residuals. Corporate and other debt in the liability category includes the marking to market of our pipeline of leveraged loan commitments. Turning to the income statement on page 44 of last quarter's Q, you saw that we recognized just under $600 million in gains on Level 3 assets and liabilities. When we report our 10-Q for this quarter, you will see a net increase in gains in Level 3 driven by derivative contracts, which offset losses on other cash instruments included in those classified within Level 1 and 2. Level 3 is where there are unobservable inputs, and includes situations where there is little if any market activity for the asset or liability. This is, generally speaking, the category where we are marking to model. The valuation methodology on these illiquid instruments applies modeling techniques that use relevant empirical data, including available indices to extrapolate an estimated fair value. The inputs reflects assumptions that market participants use in pricing an asset or liability in a current transaction. Representing a determined exit price, and also the cash flows ultimately expected. Our valuation models are calibrated to the market on a frequent basis. The parameters and inputs are adjusted for assumptions about risk, and in all cases if market data exists, that data will be used to price the assets or liabilities. The valuation of these instruments are reviewed by an independent valuation group outside of the business units and subject to the scrutiny of our auditors so we are confident that we have appropriately valued these positions. Having given that rather detailed explanation of Level 3, let me open it up to questions.
Operator: The first question comes from Mike Mayo - Deutsche Bank.
Mike Mayo: I had some questions on the unusual items. First, the $940 million loan writedown, you said $726 million of that was on the $31 billion in the pipeline, so that is a 4% writedown on the pipeline?
David Sidwell: I am not going to do the math but yes, on the $31 billion of pipeline, we took $726 million of losses, and that is as we had said, net of fees, so the gross mark was $1.2 billion.
Mike Mayo: Then the other remaining portion would be what was on your balance sheet?
David Sidwell: Our policy is to mark-to-market all loans and commitments. We really wanted to make sure we focused where I know all of you had interest, which was on the leveraged lending and specifically on the pipeline. In addition to leveraged lending, we have a large relationship lending business where in the quarter we also took losses. In addition and actually offsetting that, is earlier in the quarter there was actually a positive P&L from commitments that closed and cleared the market on the LAF side.
Mike Mayo: You mentioned ineffective hedges. How large were the hedging losses and in what area?
David Sidwell: Let me be absolutely clear for everyone on the phone. That is not a comment in connection with the lending and acquisition finance pipeline. That is where we were talking about the sales and trading results in the credit markets overall and saying that when you actually look at the markets in the third quarter, you saw a number of factors widening credit spreads. You also see the impact of a lack of liquidity and one of the impacts -- probably most important -- is the normal relationships between various parts of the capital structure broke down in the quarter and I think we certainly saw that we had the senior parts of capital structures more impacted than we would have expected, and that is basically what we mean by hedging. The economic hedging, a part of our sales and trading activities in credit products, all of which shows up in fixed income sales and trading.
Mike Mayo: When you talk about corporate credit and securitized sales and trading having declined from $1.3 billion to $260 million, is that where you're seeing the impact?
David Sidwell: Yes.
Mike Mayo: What would be a more normal rate for that one line item, or how much of that would you perceive as unusual?
David Sidwell: Well obviously the second quarter of this year was a record. The credit markets has been a very large and successful business for us, including both the origination securitization and trading. It is included in our fixed income results, and quarter by quarter some parts in fixed income do better than others, so I suggest if you are trying to look at trends, I would look at the overall fixed income sales and trading line.
Mike Mayo: Lastly, prime brokerage did better than expected. It is kind of surprising in this environment. Are you gaining share, or what is going on there?
David Sidwell: Prime brokerage as you know, we are a leading prime broker. As you heard from Colm, we did see the level of balances increase in the early part of the quarter before they came off. We have very good relationships with our prime brokerage clients, and I think we saw the benefit of that this quarter.
Mike Mayo: I guess a lot of people say to me you must be gaining share from Bear Stearns. What would your response be?
David Sidwell: To be honest, I don't really want to get into who we gain, who we lose share to.
Operator: Your next question comes from Roger Freeman - Lehman Brothers.
Roger Freeman: I wanted to ask first of all with respect to the loss in the equity business, the decline of about $500 million, can you talk about what the peak of that decline was and how much you gained back? There were reports during August that you were down $500 million, and it seemed like that is where you ended the quarter as well.
David Sidwell: The 480 is the performance for the quarter. It is across a number of groups that have quantitative strategies. The number was higher, as you heard us say earlier in the quarter. We did gain some of that back, and I think probably what is most important here, we gained it back on reduced positions. I don't really want to get into day by day loss and then earn back that is made up in that 480 number.
Roger Freeman: The question I was trying to get at is did you pull back from the strategy that would have limited some of the ability to fall back because the back half of the month was much better?
David Sidwell: As I said, we did reduce. At the peak we made a decision that we did not like the overall level of risk that we had in these strategies, and while if you look over time these have been extremely profitable strategies, we wanted to reflect the market conditions in August and as a result we significantly reduced those positions. So the revenues we generated after the deleveraging were based on lower positions.
Roger Freeman: That is helpful. Again, just coming back to Mike's question, as we look at the decline in the credit mortgage part of the business, you are not able to break out how much of that billion dollar swing is actually due to the mark? Or rather can you give us the total impact of marks across the entire fixed income business and leveraged lending in the quarter?
David Sidwell: We will give obviously a lot more disclosure on the Level 3 information when we file the 10-Q. I think the thing to remember across many of these businesses, and let's just use the residential and commercial mortgage business as an example. We use a variety of instruments, some of which are liquid and so would be in Level 1. Some have models with very observable inputs which would fall into Level 2 and then we have other instruments that fall into Level 3. In any of our trading strategies, we tend to utilize products that are in a variety of levels of disclosure. Overall, our residential mortgage business in the quarter did make money. It made less money in revenue terms than it had in the second quarter, but it was still positive. When you see, as I mentioned, the disclosures that we make in our Q, you will see there was an increase in the marks in the Level 3 but that was offset then by reduced, or losses, in other levels of our fair value. I wish I could make it as simple as, and I think it would be, for instance, if we were talking about the real estate investments or private equity investments, where you can give an absolute inventory and then you can talk about what happened to the P&L. Given the nature of these businesses, the complexity of the products, I don't think there is an easy simple answer that I can give you that you would find satisfying.
Roger Freeman: Lastly, can you talk about the implications of marking some of your structured debt to market in terms of (a) does that have an implication for higher interest expense going forward, as you have to amortize that gain? And (b) if credit spreads compress again, if the credit markets gets loosened up here, are we going to see a reversal of that in the fourth quarter?
David Sidwell: Anything that we mark-to-market will reflect the mark in the period that we are in, so if you think about our structured notes, where we fair value those notes, obviously given what happened to credit spreads broadly and to Morgan Stanley specifically where our credit spreads widened during the quarter, the liability which is represented by those structured notes, given the widening in our credit spread, we take a gain on that. To some degree, that represents that if you wanted to buy back that piece of paper, presumably you would pay less to buy it back because of the counterparties view of your credit worthiness. So obviously to the extent next quarter credit spreads change, that mark will change. So to the extent credit spreads tighten, you would expect to see a gain; to the extent they widen further, you would expect to see a loss if credit spreads tighten from where we are and if they widen, incremental gains.
Roger Freeman: What is the total amount of the debt that is marked that way?
David Sidwell: I am sorry. I don't have that information with me.
Operator: Your next question comes from Glenn Schorr - UBS.
Glenn Schorr: One more thing on the FAS 159, I just want to make sure I understand the mechanics. I look at the Level 3 disclosure stuff on both the asset and liability side of your last Q. You have you about $20.5 billion worth of the long-term borrowings that I think the bulk, if not all, are these structured notes we are talking about?
David Sidwell: That is correct.
Glenn Schorr: So I want to make sure I think about it the right way. Spreads, you call it $20 billion or $21 billion. You have spreads widen X basis points and then you have, what, an average maturity of these? And you do the multiplication on those three components, and that's how you get what the mark-to-market up or down is on a given quarter?
David Sidwell: Actually this isn't even a Level 3 issue, just so that we are clear.
Glenn Schorr: I understand.
David Sidwell: We have pretty readily available market inputs our own credit spreads, so actually it is moving into a different hierarchy. You are broadly correct.
Glenn Schorr: Is it the actual debt of Morgan Stanley, or is it the credit defaults normally we would be talking about the same thing, but in an environment like this, your debt widened out a lot less than the default swaps. Which is the one that I should think about?
David Sidwell: In terms of which is the underlying index that we use to do the mark-to-market?
Glenn Schorr: Correct.
David Sidwell: It is the debt.
Glenn Schorr: That's what I thought, because that is the actual debt. Good. Is there a place I can go to see the average maturity of all the different structured notes, because there is a bunch of them, and is five years about right?
David Sidwell: Glenn, I am sorry. You have really called me out here. I just don’t have it.
Glenn Schorr: No worries, we can follow up. I just wanted to make sure I had the mechanics down.
David Sidwell: We will make sure Bill has the data available to the extent we publish it.
Glenn Schorr: No problem. Shift over. I think we are seeing a trend here where leverage ratios would go up because certain assets stay on balance sheet, because we couldn't sell them out into the market, so balance sheet usage goes up, and leveraged ratios go up. At what point -- 18.8 is not alarming, but it is higher than where it has been. At what point do we say uncle? At what point do you get uncomfortable in the leveraged ratio, as limited as a ratio as it is? I am just kind of curious.
David Sidwell: Let me be clear about one thing. One of the drivers of our leveraged ratio has been the taking out of Discover so taking out the equity and related assets of Discover has been a driver of this. We think that certainly growth leverage and I know you use the adjusted leverage, we still think those are relatively crude measures. We have increasingly been using internally data which we and our competitors and our peers will be making available next year, which is the regulatory capital Tier 1 ratios and total ratios but I think we tend to emphasize the Tier 1 ratio, so we internally use that measure. We do obviously recognize the point your are making that we want to make sure we understand our gross leverage and how we fit with our competitors, but I think at this point in time, we do feel comfortable with this 18.8 times adjusted leverage and 32 gross. We do monitor these ratios, along with our Tier 1 ratio, on a weekly basis and make sure we continue to feel comfortable.
Glenn Schorr: Nobody else on the broker-dealer side is disclosing that Tier 1 just yet?
David Sidwell: No.
Glenn Schorr: Bottom line is, comparing it to some of the larger banks that we all look at, is it fair to say that yours would be reasonably higher?
David Sidwell: Glenn, I am sorry, I don't want to say --
Glenn Schorr: No problem. Last thing is I think you mentioned in your remarks that you issued some CP during the quarter. Really, I didn't know you could, and how come? Just to keep the balance on the maturity profile?
David Sidwell: We basically, as you heard from Colm, were very focused day by day making sure we understand our liquidity, and we took advantage of the market opportunities during the quarter, and we have continued to do that subsequent to the quarter to both access CP and access the long-term markets. In the early part of August, obviously it was tougher than we are seeing now, and the maturities for CPs have stretched out a little bit since the end of the quarter, which is obviously a good sign. Liquidity is one of the key things we focus on, and so it obviously is something that has a cost to it in terms of the cost of retaining so much liquidity, but we thought it was important to build our liquidity to the extent we could. It both supports the business we are in and probably just as importantly, gives us the ability as we see new opportunities not to have to say no because we don't have the cash.
Operator: Your next question comes from Prashant Bhatia - Citigroup.
Prashant Bhatia: Just with the dislocation in the marketplace, you clearly had more of a risk appetite lately. What is your assessment of how the risk management function actually has performed? Based on our outlook of a couple of more challenging quarters, is there an opportunity here to take risk management higher, or has that appetite changed internally?
Colm Kelleher: Well, I don't think the appetite has changed internally at all. I think what has happened is we had a very stressed market environment, and I think overall we feel that our risk measurement systems performed very well, and in fact we reacted to those accordingly, particularly as you saw in the quantitative trading strategy. Our view of the market still is in a period of dislocation, we think there will be some very good opportunities to deploy capital going forward and we are cautiously optimistic, but to answer the first question, our risk systems performed well, our risk management performed very well. To answer the second question, these are early days. I think there will be opportunities, and we will apply the same criteria to assess those opportunities as we go forward.
Prashant Bhatia: Great. Again based on your outlook, the $31 billion that are commitments right now, do you have any kind of view on how much you think may end up sitting on the balance sheet at the end of the year, and how does that impact decisions on deploying capital? Does that make you a little more cautious?
Colm Kelleher: Clearly our capital management is based upon the liquidity of our balance sheet accordingly, and our balance sheet actually is, as David referred to, very much more liquid. As regards to the $31 billion, it is very simple. It is a function of when the markets reopen. We have seen evidence out of Europe that there are buyers coming back into the leveraged lending space. There is some evidence that TLOs are beginning to get more active again, but I think a lot of it will depend on the overall market conditions. We took the mark as of 8/31 knowing the factors that were relevant at that time. We do want to fully distributable model, and that is what we would aim to do.
Prashant Bhatia: Finally on the cost base and the flexibility, I think you had roughly about 2,000 in terms of growth in headcount here. How do you think about that going forward? I think you mentioned you are potentially looking at budgets, and how to best utilize people and so on?
David Sidwell: I think obviously as you would expect, at times like this you want to make sure in your resource allocation that you are making the right investments and where you see the opportunities. Similarly if you don't see the opportunities that you make adjustments not just in people but in capital, and the other resources that the businesses use. No decisions at this point, but we are going to as you heard from Colm, watch this very closely. I would say just to reiterate something that we have been saying for a while, we do view that we want to continue to invest. Asia is a perfect example, that has obviously done very well this last quarter compared with the rest of the world, and as a further demonstration you need to make sure you continue to invest and diversifying our business by product and by the regions of the world.
Prashant Bhatia: Any kind of rough breakdown on where that headcount growth over the past quarter has gone to?
David Sidwell: If you break it down basically institutional is the largest driver, just for everyone else's benefit, it is up a little under 2,000 people. Institutional is about three-quarters of that, and then the other quarter is wealth management and asset management together. Obviously just to use an example we mentioned that the number of FAs is up in wealth management. That is included in headcount.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Hecht - Banc of America Securities.
Michael Hecht: Just to follow-up on the $31 billion in commitments, can we get a sense, for the LBO commitments that is, how that compares to last quarter? And just to be clear, the $1.2 billion gross mark that you mentioned, is that gross for both fees and hedges, or just fees? Also, it works out to a 4% mark if you do it on the $31 billion. Is a better way to think about it on the 40% or less that you mentioned had lighter covenants, et cetera, that might be more susceptible to writedowns and such?
David Sidwell: Let me start by saying this is just net of fees. This is not a book that we hedge, or relationship lending book. We do have hedges, but in our acquisition finance, given the nature of the names and the intentions to distribute, we have not had a hedging strategy here. Let me actually provide you a roll forward, because I know this is something that everyone is interested in. At the end of last quarter the equivalent of the $31 billion was $42.8 billion. During the course of the quarter, we closed $3.9 billion of deals. There were deals that sponsors withdrew of $10.9 billion, and there were decreases for a number of other reasons like for instance, the commitment level was reduced of $7.1 billion. Then there were new deals of $10.4 billion. That is the roll forward of from $42.8 billion to $31 billion.
Michael Hecht: That is great. The $10.4 billion, would that be aftermarket conditions kind of got tighter?
David Sidwell: There hasn't been a whole lot of activity in this market.
Michael Hecht: The marks you mentioned on the credit side of the business more coming from the corporate side versus the mortgage side, which I think was included in credit and on the mortgage side any writedowns related to Saxon?
David Sidwell: Obviously we look at our residential and commercial mortgage business as a total business, and so Saxon is now integrated very much as we think about our residential mortgage business. As I said overall, that business had positive revenues. To answer in a very technical manner, there was an impairment of our goodwill in the quarter on Saxon. There was no impairment because we evaluate goodwill at the fixed income level, not at the Saxon level. There was a slight impairment of the intangible assets that was very small.
Michael Hecht: Can you clarify for us what your exposure is to ABCP Conduits? I think there is some rating agencies out there that put your liquidity lines at relatively big numbers, and I was hoping for a little clarification there.
Colm Kelleher: We have ABCP Conduits as such, in terms of providing stand-bys, we have negligible exposure. In terms of investment management we act basically in ABCP as an arranger and placer of paper. As you know, that market actually is showing signs of life and issuance is coming back. Within investment management we clearly, like everybody, hold a commercial paper issued by the Conduits, and some of the SIVs; not surprising, given that the outstanding of that market was $1.2 trillion out of $2.2 trillion, and you know that position has been significantly reduced. We stopped buying that paper rolling it over early on, and we feel pretty relaxed about the positions we hold there for the time being.
David Sidwell: We were given a bit of a note here too that the rating agencies seem to have a wrong number for us here, so as Colm said, we do not think we have a significant number.
Michael Hecht: Okay. That is helpful. On the asset management side, obviously seems to be a pretty positive story with the revenues, margins, and flows pretty strong across the board. One area I am just trying to reconcile is the near term performance, the one year number in particular in the earnings release about 41% of long-term fund assets in the top half of LIPA rankings, I think that compares to 52% last quarter. I would just like you to talk a little more where you are seeing weaker areas of performance, and what you are doing, or can do to turn that around?
David Sidwell: It depends obviously to the extent that you have the offering that you have in performance. We have seen a couple of our larger funds under perform and as a result that impacts the overall percentages. It is my understanding is a handful -- by which I mean one or two -- large funds that drive that number. It is based on the strategy of those funds.
Michael Hecht: Then maybe just to follow up on the headcount question. With comp expense overall up 35% year-to-date versus the 29% increase in top line, any thoughts on whether we may see a comp accrual similar to last year in the fourth quarter? Obviously it depends on the environment, but I guess what I am getting at, anything structurally different, accounting wise or methodology wise, that would suggest a more flattish comp ratio in the fourth quarter?
David Sidwell: I am glad to say that hopefully all of the accounting noise around 123-R is behind us. I would suggest you keep focused on the year-to-date rates because obviously that does avoid some of the quarterly noise and we do try every quarter to base the accrual on our expectation for the full year. So obviously things can change, but our current compensation reflects what is our best estimate as of this date as to our compensation.
Operator: Your next question comes from Douglas Sipkin – Wachovia.
Douglas Sipkin: I wanted to drill a little more on the alternative business as it relates to asset management. Are you guys still, given what has transpired in some of the strategies, still seeking to grow via acquisition if the right opportunity presents itself as it relates to asset management, and I guess more specifically alternatives?
David Sidwell: Let me just start by saying I think we at this point feel very pleased with the investments we made in this business, whether it is FrontPoint or the other acquisitions that we did to broaden our offering. The fact that we now have over $100 billion of the assets under management in alternatives, which obviously also includes our real estate offering is something that we feel very good about. We think this is an important asset class. We were under-represented and needed to increase it. I would say more broadly that we will continue to do what we have been doing. We will look for opportunities across a number of our businesses to jump start or accelerate the pace of growth by acquisition and I think alternatives fits that bill as much as anything. My major point is we got a lot done in 2007 and 2006, and it is already, in our view, having a very positive impact.
Douglas Sipkin: Any sort of benefits from a firm standpoint you guys are realizing with the absence of Discover, maybe a little bit more synergy or focus in certain businesses, or anything like that that we could point to as part of the rationale for spinning out the business?
David Sidwell: I cut my time in preparing for this call by 20% I would say. I actually think we are seeing exactly the reasons that we said we should do this, Morgan Stanley, that we are focused on what we need to do to build the securities business, and at a time like this third quarter, it was very clear we could stay extremely focused on those things we needed to get done, and presumably Discover can do the same. That was a large part of the rationale, and I think from sitting in Morgan Stanley, the logic has made sense.
Operator: Your next question comes from Guy Moszkowski - Merrill Lynch.
Guy Moszkowski: You alluded to the fact that the $940 million or so in net writedowns to the loan part of the business, the loan book, was essentially not offset by hedges. You also talked about around a $1 billion reduction in sequential quarters in revenues in the fixed income business.
David Sidwell: The credit products within fixed income.
Guy Moszkowski: Which includes mortgage. Can you give us a sense for what the gross and net there would have been with respect to hedging?
David Sidwell: Guy, I think maybe I didn't say very clearly earlier on. When you actually think about those businesses, whether it is the core business, the residential or commercial mortgage business, we are a very significant participant. We use a number of instruments both in our trading strategies, which would include strategies with our clients. Those would include both cash instruments and derivative instruments, and I think overall the point we were trying to make that we may enter into transactions which we view as part of an economic hedge of some positions in those trading books, and that the relationships of these instruments behaved in a way that was obviously impacted very considerably by what was going on in the marketplace, which is part of why we had a less successful quarter in this business than we had compared with the second quarter when we had a record. It wasn't that it is as simple as saying I think the example I alluded to, was if you have private equity and the market moves X, you can clearly layout what drove the P&L. This was very much across instruments, across a number of strategies.
Guy Moszkowski: Is it worthwhile to think about sort of intra-period ineffectiveness? In other words, that maybe the value of some of the hedges would have been recognized during the first half?
David Sidwell: I would say that obviously August was a much more difficult month than the early part of the quarter, although I think you did to some degree see the beginnings of this in July, and obviously we began to see big moves in instruments so if you had structures which were either long or short, there were very significant gross moves on both of those, driven by what was going on in the market where spreads broadly widened.
Guy Moszkowski: I was actually thinking more in terms of timing differences between big economic hedges that you might have had which might have actually shown up as positives during the first half of the year and mark-to-market on underlying, which may have affected the third quarter more?
David Sidwell: No, because we are a mark-to-market shop so each quarter reflects that. If you remember, we did get a very big benefit from our trading activity in the residential mortgage business in the first quarter; and if you remember, we also said in the second quarter that the business overall was much lower revenues compared with the first quarter. I just reiterate that we do mark-to-market all our positions in this business, so every quarter stands on its own legs.
Guy Moszkowski: Just to switch to another topic, the clearance costs, and you did note this popped very significantly, and obviously to some extent that is driven very much by the volumes that you were seeing. Isn't there any opportunity to get some operating leverage on some of those costs, though? It seems like they popped so dramatically, that it was a little surprising, even given some of the volumes that we were seeing in the markets. Maybe you can help us understand whether there was some increase there that was driven by a mix shift, and what was actually trading.
David Sidwell: I think that the top line is that it was just driven by extremely high volumes across a number of products. In terms of the efficiency or the cost per trade, we obviously try to be as efficient with the suppliers of those services to us as we can. I think that if you look over time this is a line that has been growing reflecting the increase in volumes, and we saw huge, and I mean huge volumes in our equities business in August.
Operator: Your next question comes from Meredith Whitney – CIBC Markets.
Meredith Whitney: I need some help to put the quantitative strategies issues this quarter into context, and it is not an area that has been talked about much by management for some time now. Can you give some historical perspective, as to when the last time you have made note of this in terms of it being material over the years? How many quarters on a percentage basis has it been materially profitable, not profitable, et cetera, just some context would be very helpful. Thank you.
David Sidwell: Meredith, just to provide a perspective on this, this is a number of strategies in our equities business on a number of debts. Many of these businesses have been around for many years. Over time it has been a very profitable business for us and to the extent in any one quarter, it has driven trading results to be something that we should know, we do refer to that. It just in any one period hasn't been so large. As you see this quarter, it has as I said been over the years that we have been involved are very profitable business. We felt we just wanted to be absolutely crystal clear on what the drivers were this quarter, and so that was what prompted us to give the number across the different strategies.
Meredith Whitney: David, if I could just press a little harder, when was the last time in your memory that you made note of it either positively or negatively in a quarterly release or in a quarterly conference call?
David Sidwell: I believe in the first quarter we highlighted it as an issue. This has not, to my knowledge, been a business that has had overall losses certainly in the last couple of years. I would have to go back in the files and look but as I said overall, this has been year in and year out a very profitable business strategy for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Tanona - Goldman Sachs.
Bill Tanona: Just in terms of clarification, as I look at the supplement and look at the Fixed Income revenues for this quarter, you have got $2.2 billion but in your reference, David, early on talking about the credit revenues going from 1.3 to 260, I suspect that includes the writedowns for the leveraged loans which isn't incorporated in that fixed income number?
David Sidwell: It does not.
Bill Tanona: It does not?
David Sidwell: It does not. If you look at the table on page 6, you will see that there is a line which is called other which has a loss of 877 in the third quarter, the August 31 quarter. That is where the 940 of loan losses are. Don't forget, when we talked about the movement in fixed income, we also talked about some of the businesses that were very strong in the quarter so you heard from Colm talking about that we had a record interest rate and currency markets quarter, driven by strong FX, so there are some positives which offset that negative.
Bill Tanona: I understand that is where the leveraged loan hits are on the supplemental, but to drag it back to your commentary in the beginning, the credit revenues going from 1.3 last quarter to 260, does that include or not include hits to leveraged loans?
David Sidwell: It does not.
Bill Tanona: Listening to your commentary as well, thinking about the commodities business, you said it was down 12%. I guess I was surprised to hear that that business is down, just given how volatile it has been, the activity and the price of oil. Just wondering what happened in the commodities business?
David Sidwell: There is really nothing of note. The structured business was as you heard from Colm, very consistent, and then trading was a little bit weaker, but there is really nothing of note, Bill. I think in any of these businesses quarter by quarter you are going to get ups and downs, and this was what I call in the normal range of up and down and that is why we highlighted what happened in credit products, because that was obviously a very big driver.
Bill Tanona: Fair enough. In terms of the 390 related to FAS 157 and 159, how did you decide what to allocate to fixed income and what to allocate to equities? Seemed like you did 290 for FIC, and 100 for equities?
David Sidwell: Well, as we said, these are notes which basically support our client activity, so we know which notes are equity linked, and we know which ones are fixed income including commodity linked, so we can do it based on deal by deal, which gets allocated by each business. It is not done based on a broad allocation method.
Bill Tanona: Lastly, in global wealth management you guys mentioned there that you had some benefit from it looked like insurance recoveries related to litigation settlements. What would the margin have been in that business, or what was that benefit in global wealth Management this quarter?
David Sidwell: It really wasn't that big of a deal. Outside of that you actually did see quarter on quarter, if we hadn't had the insurance settlement our non-comps would have been a little bit higher in this business, but as you know this is a business where James is very focused on managing the margin and the expense base, so if you actually look over time, the non-comps have been reasonably consistent driven sometimes by the litigation reserve. I think the good news is you haven't been hearing us saying as much on the negative side of the cost of litigation, and hopefully that will continue.
Bill Tanona: So would the margins have improved there if you excluded that?
David Sidwell: The margin actually would have been slightly less if you took out the benefit of the insurance supplement.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ron Mandel - GIC.
Ron Mandel: Two questions, one on the trading strategies. I wanted to make sure I understood that after all of this, and that is the $480 million, that was the actual amount of red ink that the trading strategies posted during the quarter?
David Sidwell: Yes.
Ron Mandel: I guess my then my question is, what was a somewhat normal quarter, so I can get a better feel for what the swing was versus normal?
David Sidwell: Ron, I thought it was very important for to us single this out because it was such a big driver. As you know, we don't tend to try and we would produce a telephone directory if we went business by business talking about performance in each period. I would say the track record, as I just answered Meredith, over time has been very positive although quarter by quarter there are some swings, and for instance as I said in the first quarter, we did mention one of those swings.
Ron Mandel: In regard to the Level 3 assets, I think you said you had a $600 million mark to whatever, mark to model gain in the second quarter.
David Sidwell: The Level 3 assets number is around that, yes.
Ron Mandel: And you said it was bigger this quarter. I was wondering how much bigger it was.
David Sidwell: We are still actually making sure that we are -- it is a fairly complicated exercise to make sure you go asset by asset and bucket them into 1, 2, and 3. We are expecting the number to increase, and that increase reflects as I said, both the movement from Level 2 into Level 3, but probably just as importantly that given the widening of spreads and other market moves there are a number of derivative instruments on which we have made mark-to-market gains which show up in Level 3. I do want to highlight that on balance those are then offset by losses in Levels 1 and 2.
Ron Mandel: I guess where I was going was, I would think that the more complicated structures in Level 3 were to some extent the hedges so the implication being you had hedge gains of some sort that were offset by more cash-like losses elsewhere, I was just trying to get a feel if that is what the Level 3 gains that you were referring to are related to, to some extent?
David Sidwell: Ron, I don't want to be obtuse on this because it is so complicated, because you really have to look at instrument by business and by trading strategy, so it is a mixture of really all of the above, so there are items in Level 3 that are hedges of other levels but there are also items which are being hedged by Levels 1 and 2. Again, I am not trying to be evasive, this stuff is all mark-to-market, but it is very hard to think of trading strategies just in terms of Level 3. You have to think of it in terms of the overall instruments used, many of which are in Levels 1 and 2. As I said when you think about our overall business, it is a relatively small part of our total assets, so a lot of what generates our business is occurring in the other levels.
Operator: Your final question comes from Jeff Harte - Sandler O'Neill.
Jeff Harte: I typically shy away from asking outlook questions because nobody really knows, but can you follow up a little bit on the comments you made earlier, about it maybe taking a couple of quarters for credit to get to a more normalized environment? Just kind of given the freeze of the this last quarter and the frost of the first half of the year, when you are saying more normalized, what kind of environment are you envisioning?
Colm Kelleher: I think what we were looking at was the necessary repricing of credit with spreads that got too tight. We also had various business lines that were predicated upon a distribution model. I think what is not certain is the degree to which some of those distribution lines will be reopened. I am reasonably confident that the U.S. mortgage market, for instance, will resume or we are beginning to see early signs of commercial and residential mortgage origination and securitization and buyers of that. There are other parts of the capital products where that distribution is not yet proven, and that is what I am referring to as being unsure on outlook. I think some of the more opaque products will suffer in this. I think transparency will be key in terms of products and pricing for a while, yes, and that is why we have a cautious outlook. The jury will be out. The more obvious markets, leveraged lending, the investment grade markets, high yield markets and so on I think are opening, there will be a repricing which will accommodate that but I think we cannot yet be certain about which of these distribution models will be as efficient as they were.
Jeff Harte: Finally, should we read anything into lending related commitments to LBOs declining pretty meaningfully on a sequential quarter basis, but then the corporate lending commitments in the aggregate on page 7 of the disclosure actually increasing by 16% on a sequential quarter basis? Is there anything to read into the spread between those?
Colm Kelleher: Not really. We do as a matter of course relationship lending, which supports a very, very large investment banking franchise, so as we increase market share in our investment banking M&A activities, one would expect to see our relationship lending going up as well, so I don't think you can see anything, or read anything into that other than that.
Jeff Harte: Thank you.
David Sidwell: I want to thank everyone for joining us today. We had as a goal to try to be transparent, so there are a lot of new disclosures that we made, so please if you have additional feedback on that, Colm and I would very much like to hear it. We do want to make sure we are transparent. Thank you very much for joining.
Colm Kelleher: Thank you.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-06-20 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Morgan Stanley Conference Call. The following is a live broadcast by Morgan Stanley, and is provided as a courtesy. Please note, that this call is being broadcast on the Internet through the company's website at www.morganstanley.com. A replay of the call and webcast will be available through the company's website and by phone until July 20, 2007. This presentation may contain forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the day on which they are made, which reflects management's current estimates, projections, expectations, or beliefs; and which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to the underlying assumptions and expectations related to the spin-off of Discover Financial Services, proving to be inaccurate or unrealized. For a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of the company, please see “Forward-Looking Statements” immediately preceding Part 1, Item 1, “Competition” and “Regulation” in Part 1, Item 1,”Risk Factors” in Part 1, Item 1A, “Legal Proceedings” in Part 1, Item 3, “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part 2, Item 7, and Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” in Part 2, Item 7A of the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2006. Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and risk factors in the company's quarterly on form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended February 28, 2007, and other items throughout the form 10-K, and the company's 2007 current reports on form 8-K. The information provided today may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on form 10-Q, and our current reports on 8-K, which are available on our website www.morganstanley.com. Any recording, rebroadcast, or other use of this presentation in whole or in part is strictly prohibited without prior written consent of Morgan Stanley. This presentation is copyrighted and proprietary to Morgan Stanley. At this time, I would like to turn the program over to David Sidwell for today's call.
David Sidwell: Thanks you Operator, and thanks everyone for joining us today. As you've seen from our press release, we achieved record net revenues, profit before tax, income, and earnings per share from continuing operations. We are very pleased with these results, as they reflect execution of our strategic growth plans and strong trading performance and client execution in very favorable markets. Markets were strong, and provided good opportunities. Concerns early in quarter about, whether issues in the Subprime market were going to spread dissipated. Equity markets rose, credit spreads and emerging markets and other markets tightened. The dollar weakened against most currencies, and there was a high level of client activity including in the M&A and financing markets. These factors more than offset the impact of increasing rates around the world. Let me begin with an overview of our firm-wide results, which are outlined on pages one and two of the financial supplement. Second quarter income from continuing operations was $2.6 billion, which is a record. Record earning per share from continuing operations was $2.45 per share, versus $2.40 in the first quarter. Diluted earnings per share were $2.45. This compares to $2.51 in the first quarter, which included $0.11 per share in our discontinued operations line related to the sale of Quilter. Return on equity from continuing operations was 27.5%. Net revenues were a record at $11.5 billion, 5% higher than in the first quarter, which was our previous quarterly record. Total non-interest expenses was $7.6 billion, up 7%. The largest component, compensation benefits expense was $5.2 billion, up from $5 billion for compensation to net revenue ratio of 45%. Non-compensation expense was $2.4 billion, up 13%, driven primarily by higher professional services and marketing and business development expenses, related to the high level of business activity across all business segments following the traditional seasonal slow down in these types of expenses in the first quarter. And non-compensation to net revenue ratio was 21% this quarter. Year-to-date, the non-comp ratio is at 20%, a significant improvement over the 23% ratio for the same period last year. Our year-to-date tax rate for continuing operations was 33%, consistent with last year's normalized rate. Now let me discuss business segment specifics. Turning to Institutional Securities, detailed on page 5 of the supplement, we were very pleased with our results for the quarter. The strength and diversity of our franchise was evident in the quarter, as a sequential drop in fixed income sales and trading was offset by record revenues in investment banking and equity sales and trading. During the quarter, we moved to real estate investing business from Institutional Securities to Asset Management, to reflect how we now manage this business. The prior results have been restated for this change. Real estate advisory and certain passive limited partnership interests remain in Institutional Securities. Institutional Securities net revenues of $7.4 billion were our quarterly record, up 4% from our previous record in the first quarter. Non-interest expenses of $4.4 billion increased 4%, driven by the high level of business activity. Profit before tax at $3 billion, also a record, was up 4% from the first quarter's previous record. And the margin of 40% was flat with last quarter. And finally, we achieved a strong return on equity at 35%. Looking at page 6 of the supplement, investment banking revenues reached a record $1.7 billion, a 65% increase from the first quarter. All categories were significantly higher, versus last quarter and one year ago. Advisory revenues increased 94% to $725 million, which set a record for the firm. Our M&A backlog remains very strong, up sequentially and up even more significantly year-over-year. Equity underwriting revenues were up 64% to $493 million, our second highest quarter ever. Our equity backlog is up significantly from the first quarter and last years' second quarter, with a strong pipeline of equity offerings across geographies. Fixed income underwriting revenues were a record at $486 million, up 35% from the first quarter driven by M&A and LBO activity. Our debt backlog also is up quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. We continue to be optimistic about the prospects for investment banking, and our ability to provide advice, capital and distribution capabilities on behalf of our clients. Also on page 6 of the supplement, you can see that we had a strong sales and trading quarter, with total revenues of $5 billion, down 9% from our record first quarter. Please note that we have modified our disclosure by adding another sales and trading category. The sum of equity, fixed income and other sales and trading equals the sum of principal trading, commissions, our net interest income on the Institutional Securities income statement on page 5. Equity sales and trading revenues of $2.2 billion were a record slightly higher than our previous record last quarter, reflecting strong revenue growth across client businesses in all regions which more than offset lower revenues from robust levels last quarter in principal strategies. Cash equities revenues were up 20%, driven by rising stock market industries and strong client volumes across all regions. Derivative revenues increased 2% to a new record, because of higher client flows and new deal activity across all regions. Financing products increased significantly during the quarter, driven by increased seasonal activity in Europe and growth in client business, given the favorable market conditions. This was a record quarter in prime brokerage, with revenues up substantially on both new accounts and the 17th consecutive quarter of growth in global client balances. In fixed income sales and trading, $2.9 billion in revenues was our second best quarter ever, down 16% from our record first quarter results, which included favorable positioning in the Subprime Mortgage Market. We saw healthy trading performance and good levels of client activity across our fixed income business, across regions. Looking at the results by product area, interest rate and currencies dropped slightly. We have record results in emerging markets. Most emerging markets rallied, and credit spreads tightened to historic lows during the quarter, providing good trading opportunities. In addition, there were significant from structured transactions. Credit products declined 24% from a record in the first quarter, which included record securitized product revenues driven by favorable positioning in the Subprime Mortgage Markets. The decline this quarter was driven by lower volumes and volatility in the mortgage markets. This decrease was partially offset by record corporate credit results, driven by large structured transactions and trading activity. Commodities decreased 22%, driven by weaker positioning revenues in electricity and natural gas and less revenue from structured transactions across all business lines, offset somewhat by strong oil liquids performance that was flat with the first quarter. Principal transaction's investment revenues were $396 million, a $46 million increase. The increase was primarily driven by mark-ups of principal investments, real estate limited partnership investments, and the revenue growth associated with certain employee deferred compensation and current investment plans to reflect the returns on such plans in both revenues and compensation expense. Over the quarter while we increased the level of risk, on average we operated at a lower value of risk level than last quarter. Aggregate average trading and non-trading value of risk was down $5 million to $87 million. With decreases in equities and commodities risk and slight increases in foreign exchange and interest rate and credit spread risk. As well as to reduce co-relation within the portfolio which increased the diversification benefit. Period end aggregate trading and non-trading value of risk rose to $93 million. As we increased risk exposure during the last two part of the quarter to balance the level of risk without view of market opportunities and the needs of our clients. Stress testing scenarios, which help us manage less liquid risk showed a similar trend over the quarter. We continued to allocate more economic capital to our Institutional Securities businesses which is another measure of our increasing risk as well as the increasing scale of this business segment. In the quarter total loans and commitments rose by $26 billion, compared to where we were last year at this time. Total loans and commitments, net of hedges have increased by $34.4 billion or 167%. Non-investment grade loans and commitments have increased by $25.3 billion. We continue to see considerable opportunities to bundle services providing solutions for client's need including event lending as we grow our Leveraged Finance business. The current market plays to our strength through the spectrum of services we provide to our clients, including advising, structuring transactions and distribution capabilities. Now turning to page 8 of the financial supplement and our Global Wealth Management business. This quarter represent our best quarter in terms of net revenues since 2000. Revenues reached $1.6 billion up 9% from the first quarter and is our third best revenue quarter reflecting higher commissions due to continuation of the favorable market, increased asset management revenues largely from higher balances in fee-based accounts, higher net interest due to the growth in the bank deposit program as well as gains from investments in memberships and exchanges. Non-interest expenses of $1.4 billion were up 7% reflecting higher incentive-based compensation costs associated with improved performance as well as higher professional services, marketing and business development costs from the seasonally lower first quarter. Profit before tax of $269 million was up 17% and profit before tax margin increased to 16% from 15%. Return on equity increased to 41% reflecting the improved profit before tax as well as slightly lower capital requirements. This business continues to build on its momentum showing improvements in many areas. On page 9, you can see this in a number of productivity measures. Net new assets of $8.7 billion represented our fifth consecutive quarter of client inflows and the highest it has been since we started tracking this metric. Assets in the $1 million plus household segment increased by $33 billion and a 71% of our total client assets base versus 65% at this point last year. Total client assets increased to $728 billion and fee-based access represented 29% of the total. Our FA headcount is up to over 8100 producer. Average production increased to a record $814,000 per global representative as we continue to attract and retain high quality producers. Total client assets per global representative also reached a record high of $89 million. Our banks deposit program continued to grow ending the quarter to over $18 million, on-track to achieve our goal of $20 billion by year-end. We had another successful product launch in coordination with Asset Management. The Morgan Stanley emerging markets debt fund with sales of $1.3 billion. Finally the introduction of more lending products to our clients continues. For example our portfolio loan account which was introduced in November reached over $1 billion in credit line. Let me turn to our Asset Management business which now includes the results for our real estate investing business formally reported in Institutional Securities. We decided to move this business from our Investment Banking division strategically aligning it with Asset Management alongside our equities, fixed income and alternative offerings to clients, as real estate has matured and become a primary alternative asset class. The Asset Management business overall, we posted $9.3 billion of positive flows for the quarter. Our third consecutive quarter positive flows are more than double the first quarter. This positive trend in that flows along with strong market performance have contributed to our record assets under management of $560 billion at quarter-end, up 7% from last quarter which is evidence of the progress we are making on our key initiative and the momentum being built in the business. As you see on page 10 of the supplement net revenues of $1.5 billion were a record and up 10%. Income before taxes was $306 million down 20%, profit before tax margin was 20%, and return on equity decreased to 23% driven by an increase in expenses and higher capital usage. Management and administration fees increased 10% to $844 million largely driven by higher assets under management in our core traditional equities and fixed income businesses as well as higher incentive fees in our alternatives business. Principal transaction investment revenues of $588 million were 11% higher than last quarter. This quarter includes $308 million in revenue from real estate and $183 million from private equity with notable trend in our on going Asia Private Equity business as well as from the wind down portfolio. These numbers include the gross-up in employee deferred compensation related to these businesses, which are offset by an equivalent gross-up in compensation. Principal transactions investment revenues will be a growing but lumpy in nature part of our revenue as we build our real estate, private equity and infrastructure businesses. Expenses of $1.2 billion were up 22% driven by a number of factors. Higher compensation was a result of higher revenues, the continued investment in the business across the core alternative, private equity and infrastructure, and the gross-up of employee deferred compensation plan. In addition, there were increases in professional services and brokerage and clearing expenses driven both by the increase in asset management and administration fees and the recognition of up front costs associated with the launch of products in our fixed income and infrastructure businesses. Our expectations for the 2007 full year had been for PBT margins to be around 20% as we invest in our strategic growth initiative. With the transfer of the real estate investing business to this segment and the strong principal transactions investment revenues in the first half of the year, we believe the margin could come in a few points better. Turning to page 11 of the supplement, you can see assets under management or supervision increased by $39 billion to the end the quarter at a record $560 billion. The alternative category now includes real estate investing, private equity and infrastructure partners; in addition to the hedge fund and other alternative offerings previously disclosed in this category. We had $9.3 billion in total net inflows, which marks our third consecutive quarter of net asset inflows. Positive net flows were driven by strength in the non-U.S. channel with $4.1 billion of inflows, institutional liquidity with $3.5 billion, $1.8 billion in the America's intermediary channel and $1.3 billion in the U.S. institutional channel. Retail liquidity outflows were $1.5 billion. Morgan Stanley branded retail fund flows were slightly positive in the quarter for the first time in six years, driven by sales of $1.4 billion from our emerging markets domestic debt closed-end fund. The majority of which was distributed through our Global Wealth Management sales force. In addition to the impact of positive flows across market channels, we saw the benefit of strong markets. We continue to broaden our products offerings and launch an incubated 15 new products including five in alternatives, six in equities, and four in fixed income. We will continue to launch products to meet the needs of our clients. For example, our recently launched FX Alpha Plus Risk Controlled fund, part of a new suite of alternative strategies, raised over $1 billion from European clients in the three months since launch. In summary, we are pleased with the traction we are getting with our investments for long-term growth, including product expansion and alternative and the progress we are making in developing our private equity and infrastructure businesses. Results for our Discover business are detailed on pages 13 and 14 of the supplement. Financial information and statistical data follow on page 15. Profit before tax decreased 10% to $333 million from last quarter. While net revenues of $1 billion were up slightly, expenses of $702 million were up 8%, driving the decrease in PBT. Looking first at revenues, interest income increased 2% to $970 million due to high interest spread. The yield was up slightly from last quarter and the cost of funds was stable. Non-interest revenues increased by $39 million to $596 million. While fees were flat, gains on securitizations were higher as we did more securitizations than in the first quarter. Net credit income was down 6% to $439 million. The increase in interest income was offset by the provision for loan losses, which was $531 million was up 10%, reflecting an increase in charge-off to 4.24% from 4.05% in the first quarter. In addition, the reserve release of $6 million was lower than last quarter. The consumer credit environment in the United Kingdom remains challenging. During the quarter, we took $16 million increase in reserves related to implementation of higher minimum payment requirements on certain accounts. In the UK, the net charge-off rate of 6.5% increased 5 basis points from the first quarter. Having said this, across the entire portfolio, 30-day delinquencies decreased to all-time lows. And while there was a pick up in U.S. bankruptcy filings during the last months of the quarter, filings still remained below normalized levels. Consistent with the industry, our U.S. bankruptcies have not returned to higher levels as quickly as we had expected. It is likely that Discover will finish 2007 at the lower end of the previously expected charge-off rate range of 4% to 4.5% for the full year. Turning to expenses, non-interest expense increased 8%, driven by higher professional services fees and other expenses; including $20 million in spin related expenses, split equally between our U.S. and U.K. businesses, and higher VISA and MasterCard litigation legal fees. Discover anticipates an additional $30 million in expenses to be incurred as a standalone company in the second half of 2007, related to the spin. Marketing and business development costs were flat relative to the first quarter, are tracking up 8% for the first six months versus the same time last year. Discover expects marketing and business development spending to be higher in the second half of the year. Although, full year spend will be similar to 2006. Period end receivable showed sequential organic growth for the fifth consecutive quarter, due to increased net sales volume and stable payment rates. In some, our U.S. business is performing well, with sales and receivables expected to continue to grow, and strong credit performance expected to continue. While loan losses are expected to gradually increase as bankruptcies trend towards more normal levels. In the UK, we are working hard to limit the impact we are facing due to the adverse credit environment, which has produced a significant profit before tax loss of $64 million in the quarter, following a loss in the first quarter. As I previously mentioned and as discussed in its Form 10, Discover will incur a higher funding cost and certain compensation cost, as it operates as a standalone company. Finally, regarding the spin-off of Discover. We are on track to complete the spin on June 30 with attributable capital of approximately $5.4 billion. Beginning in the third quarter, Discover's June results will be reported in discontinued operations, and prior period results will be reclassified to that line. Certain overhead costs previously charged to Discover in periods prior to the spin will be reallocated to the continuing businesses, and restated in previously issued financial statements. These charges are approximately $20 million per quarter. Discover will be issuing a supplemental earnings release for the second quarter later today. Finally, we expect Morgan Stanley's effective tax rate from continuing operations will decrease slightly and share count will be slightly higher following the spin. During the quarter, Morgan Stanley repurchased approximately 18 million shares of its common stock for approximately $1.4 billion. And year-to-date, we have repurchased approximately 33 million shares of common stock for approximately $2.6 billion. With respect to the pace of repurchases, we evaluate and balance the needs of our business for additional capital to invest in organic growth and make attractive acquisitions with our objective over time of offsetting the dilutive impact in equity compensation to employees. We have $3.4 billion remaining under our current board authorization. Finally the outlook. The markets have generally remained very healthy, despite recent interest rate hikes and weakness in U.S. residential mortgage markets. Global liquidity remained strong, with large pools of uninvested capital, and the capital markets continue to have a brisk level of activity. I mentioned earlier, that our investment banking pipelines across advisory, equities and fixed income are strong. In addition, the level of client activity in our sales and trading businesses remains strong. Obviously, results in our principal investment activities will depend on the overall level of the markets. While I cannot predict our short-term performance, we will have very tough comparisons given the significant strength we demonstrated in the first six months of 2007. Any slowdown, will lead to a tough sequential comparison. In addition, the third quarter tends to be seasonally slower, both on the retail and institutional side. Having said that, we remain optimistic about the future for Morgan Stanley. We continue to invest in the long-term growth of our businesses, and believe we are well-positioned to deliver value to shareholders, as we implemented our strategy to capture the substantial growth opportunities we see around the globe. So, that's the end of my formal remarks, and I'll very happily take your questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, please stand by for the question-and-answer portion of today's presentation. Thank you, your conference will resume momentarily. The first question comes from the line of Guy Moszkowski with Merrill Lynch.
Guy Moszkowski: Good morning David.
David Sidwell: Good morning Guy.
Guy Moszkowski: I was wondering if you could talk through the rationale on the funded and committed loan balances up 41% with the hedges up only 15%, so your net position is obviously up considerably granted more of that growth in investment grade. But, again, may be you can talk through the rationale for increasing your net unhedged exposure by quite a bit?
David Sidwell: Okay. So let me provide the context which is really the business context. As you know, we have been very focused on building out the product offerings for our clients, and we continue to see very good opportunities to provide solutions to our clients, and that would include advisory services, M&A broadly, as well as providing of leveraged finance and ultimately distribution. That is really the context for this business. If you remember we identified this as an area that we had not invested sufficiently in, and we have been making that investment. We have been as a result of that growing the balances that as are as a result of continuing that activity. Obviously to the extent that we can hedge the exposure we do. Obviously we actively risk manage the portfolio in terms of making sure that we maintain very high credit standards. We, in all cases understand how the extension of credit fits within the overall strategy for the clients, and the revenues we get from this bundled service. And finally, we focused on our ability to distribute. So, this increase, while I know on paper it looks very significant, is part of what has been an essential part of continuing to develop the business in support of our clients.
Guy Moszkowski: Thanks for that. Moving onto, more broadly, the deployment of excess unallocated capital. Obviously you brought that balance down I guess on an average basis for the quarter, pretty meaningfully from about $5.1 billion to about $4.2 billion. May be you can just comment at a very high level of how you think about the split between redeploying some of that in the businesses in the quarter versus sort of net share repurchase?
David Sidwell: Okay. There has been no change in philosophy, which I think is a good place to start. I think you've heard me say a number of times that every quarter, we look at the future expectation around the generation of equity which is primarily through earnings as well as on exercise of options, but it's primarily earnings, the uses of capital which would include our dividend payments, and also both the organic and acquisition needs of our various businesses. And obviously as you say when you look at the second quarter, you had a mixture of uses of capital across our institutional business and our asset management business as we did that. So what we do each quarter is look at our expectations going out and determine an amount of share repurchases that we feel comfortable with. And that determination also considers the price of our stock. So that we very actively manage our capital base and we actively manage our share repurchases within the context of the approval we receive from our board which was to buyback $6 billion worth over the 18 months period till the end of June 2008.
Guy Moszkowski: And David just a follow up on that, in terms of how we should think about the reduction in excess capital that you achieved during the quarter. How would you divide that reduction of almost $1 billion up between the net share repurchase and redeployment into the business?
David Sidwell: Well actually as you know the amount we repurchased. You also know the amount that we paid in dividend. And the math is simple. You can see that we deployed for instance in Institutional Securities an additional on average $2.8 billion. We deployed an additional $400 million in asset management.
Guy Moszkowski: Yeah, okay. I am just trying to get the idea that since the net reduction is less than those amounts, there must be sort of a calculus more or less, as to, where you got the share repurchase and the payment of the dividend.
David Sidwell: Those are the other ingredients you need to do the math.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay. I won't beat the horse on that one. The final question I have for you is, can you just give us a sense for the international revenue contribution ex-Discover, and perhaps if we could just grow it down to just the institutional business to what percentage would that be?
David Sidwell: Overall as you know our Discover business is primarily a US business. We are again using our year-to-date revenue, which I think is a better place to go using our full firm 58% of our businesses in the US. That has actually decreased from around 60% to 61% in '06. Europe has seen the increase and that Europe is around 30%, it was around 26%, and the balance is Asia, which has been around 12% consistently in both timeframes. To be honest, I haven't done the math to take out the Discover revenues, but on balance, they've had revenues of just over $1 billion in the quarter. So I don't think it changes these trends usually.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay great. Thanks very much David. I appreciate it.
David Sidwell: Sure.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of William Tanona with Goldman Sachs.
William Tanona: Hi David.
David Sidwell: Hi.
William Tanona: You know obviously investment banking was very, very strong this quarter and you have highlighted your record investment banking pipeline. But I guess was there anything in this quarter that was of meaningful significance one or two deals that we should be thinking about and as we kind of look ahead to the next couple of quarters. I know it's a record pipeline but is it realistic to kind of just assume that this is a new run rate?
David Sidwell: Well I think I'd always make the caveat that the actual timing of when the pipeline shows up in revenues is always subject to the specifics of any deal. I think the point I would make across all of the investment banking businesses whether with advisory, equity or debt was the diversification and that would include across all of the regions did really very well. I would say that the pipeline is also very well diversified.
William Tanona: Okay and then if we can switch gears a little bit and go towards the Investment Management business. I know you guys have been targeting people to a low 20% margins but I think that was kind of everybody's expectations was that would be prior to the reallocating of the business from securities into investment management. So looking at that I was surprised to see margins going down so dramatically considering that you had some investment gains there and given the hedge funds that you had purchased and I know you kind of gave us updated guidance but why is the core business margins going down so dramatically it appears?
David Sidwell: Well I think that and I hope we've been recently fair about this. This was why we had actually said that the margin would trend to 20% over the last couple of quarters when we have given guidance is because we are continuing to make investments not just in our Private Equity business which as you know we are just in the process of building the team there, in building out the team in our infrastructure funds business, but also given the nature of the range from the acquisitions or some of the alternatives. I think, we also indicated that the payouts would be higher compared with revenues in the near-term as we earn our provisions in a number of those transactions. So, I think our expectation was that margins were going to be lower. I think you are right that the investment revenues have benefited from just a very robust market conditions and that's why I said a little bit ago that we would expect the margins to potentially be a few points higher than the 20% guidance that we had given and that obviously includes the benefit of moving the real estate investing business into this business.
William Tanona: Okay. And as you think about this business in a little bit of a longer term perspective given knowing all the investments that you are making. I mean how long do think it is before you actually start seeing industry like margins particularly as you move more into these alternative space?
David Sidwell: I think we are talking three to five years. I think that's what Owen said when we spoke at a conference couple of months ago. And I think obviously we have actually received the benefit of this fairly significant investment gains and obviously by nature they are going to be fairly lumpy. So, at the movement from this sort of 20, low 20's margin to get to the high 20's low 30's it's definitely going to take some time.
William Tanona: Okay and then on the flow side can you give us some color as to how much of that came from alternatives and you mentioned a bunch of new fund launches and so just to get a perspective as to where those fund flows are coming by product.
David Sidwell: Of the $9.3 billion about a third was in real estate and the other largest component was from core.
William Tanona: Great. And then lastly, in terms of non-compensation expenses, I know historically we have always seen seasonality on the revenue side but also on the non-comp side with non-comp expenses being higher in the back half of the year what would be your kind of expectations for this year on the non-comp side?
David Sidwell: Well I think we have seen obviously extremely strong revenue environment over the first half of the year and to the extent that, that pace would continue, certainly many of the expenses are related to the level of activity whether in brokerage and clearing whether it is in some of the T&Es as people travel around the world to get the business. I think that you're right the first quarter tends to be the lowest and you see an improvement during or an increase over the rest of the year. We are trying to stay very focused on having a non-comp to revenue ratio be a little better than it was last year. But I think what's important to realize is that we continue to invest in people in the space needed to house those people relate to technology as we are very optimistic long-term about the markets we're operating in.
William Tanona: That's helpful. Thanks David.
David Sidwell: Sure.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question is from the line of Mike Mayo with Deutsche Bank.
Mike Mayo: Good morning.
David Sidwell: Hey Mike.
Mike Mayo: Just to clarify, are your backlogs at record levels or just up from the first quarter?
David Sidwell: They are up substantially, and to be candid, I don't have a long enough file back in history to make sure when I use the word record. So, they are up substantially, both from this time last year and from the first quarter.
Mike Mayo: Okay, so in recent history they are record at least.
David Sidwell: They are very good.
Mike Mayo: Then another follow-up; your non-U.S., 42% outside the U.S., what was the growth rate of the U.S. versus non-U.S.?
David Sidwell: The growth rate was obviously higher in Europe than in the U.S. As I said, Europe is about 30% of our business, the U.S. 58%. So, by definition the growth rate is higher in Europe than in the U.S.
Mike Mayo: At linked quarter, was that true? In other words, your revenues were up about 5% linked quarter, what were they up linked quarter right outside the U.S.?
David Sidwell: Actually looking at the 6% months, the trends were stronger in the first three months in the second half in terms of the growth in Europe. But again, I just think that given the nature of our business and where we bought trading revenues, I personally preferred to use it for the longest time series I can. So, I feel better with the year-to-date data than single quarters.
Mike Mayo: And, do you have any target of where you think non-U.S. might go, especially with the spin of Discover, it's going to be close to half non-U.S.?
David Sidwell: Over time, we believe that the market opportunities in the emerging markets are very significant and the pace of growth in those markets can be and are likely to be significantly higher than they are in the U.S. and developed Europe. Obviously in the near-term, the profit pulls in the U.S. and developed Europe by definition are much larger. So, you are going to see us continuing to invest in both the developed markets and the emerging markets. So, actually how this mix will change overtime is really going to be a balance of the opportunities. But we are, just so I leave no doubt here, we are intent on investing outside of U.S. and developed Europe and I think you've heard us talk about the investment we are making in China, the investment we are making in India as we got out of our joint venture arrangements, investment we are making in East Europe and we continue to stay very focused on Latin America. Russia has been a very significant area where Morgan Stanley and Russia is a full service firm and feels and looks like a very full service firm. So, we are very committed to developing non-U.S. and non-developed Europe business.
Mike Mayo: And lastly, the brokerage business obviously you are doing some things on your own revenues to refer up. But how is the environment?
David Sidwell: It's actually I think of the environment in Wealth Management really from two perspectives. One is, ad business and I think that if James was on the phone, he would say that the business is definitely stabilized. But, when you think about the term over that the firm went through, that obviously resulted in attrition of some very good people and difficulty to recruit talent as you saw from the fact that we increased our FA count to H-100, and that was an increase over the first quarter. That reflects both our success in retaining people and in recruiting people. That's very important. The second aspect is that we continue to focus on developing the products that are of interest to our clients for the fact that when we launched this emerging market's debt product in the quarter, it was so successful with our Wealth Management clients, a massive demonstration of the types of things we are trying to do. As we target this $1 million plus household range. It's going to be very important to offer them product they want. The third aspect of the environment is obviously the market at whole. And I think we've been very pleased with the level of investor activity. Also I would highlight that in terms of the mix of our business on fee the amount of fee-based business is a proportion to total is also higher than it's ever been and that's a very important metrics going forward.
Mike Mayo: Thank you
Operator: Thank you, Sir. Our next question comes from the line of Douglas Sipkin with Wachovia.
Douglas Sipkin -Wachovia Securities: Yeah, hi, good morning. How are you?
David Sidwell: Hi, good morning Doug.
Douglas Sipkin -Wachovia Securities: Just a couple of questions here. First off, on the equity trading business. Just hoping you can may be shed some light on how big of the factor be sort of extension products, either 130 or 30's are starting to be common. What sort of opportunity can that be for you guys and on the prime brokerage sides given that you are pretty much the leading firm in world.
David Sidwell: Well, prime brokerage as I said, we had record results this quarter on the growth in both balances and new clients. So, prime brokerage is something that we view as a very strategically important business. We think that we have a leadership position in the market, and we are going to continue to invest in prime brokerage to support our clients.
Douglas Sipkin -Wachovia Securities: I mean just 130 -- 30 is that a significant long-term opportunity for you guys or sort of an incremental positive?
David Sidwell: To be honest, I am sorry I just don't have that detail on my fingertips.
Douglas Sipkin -Wachovia Securities: Okay. No problem. And then just moving over to the retail segment. Obviously you guys have made a lot of strides there. Just looking for a couple of points, one; margin 16%, can you just update us on what your targets for that are, and two; given that you really have turned the business around 180, I mean are you guys in a position maybe you would start considering growing inorganically in that segment?
David Sidwell: Look we're incredibly pleased with getting the margins to 16%. And I think what is relevant here is that it was 15% in the first quarter, and we feel that we have reached a level of stabilization, which is important. We continue to develop the products array to support our clients and that includes new products offerings by the emerging markets, [Debt] offering. We continue to be very focused on extending into products where we have not had very large balances like banking products, lending products. I mentioned one of them in my prepared remarks. And we continue to stay very focused on additionally penetrating the million plus household range, both with new clients and increasing share of our existing clients. To some degree that would depend on further growth in people, and so we're very optimistic with the headcount increases that we saw this quarter. It's going to be combination of those factors which is going to enable us to increase our margins overtime. We've had an extraordinary pace of improvement over the last 15 months since James joined. I don't think the pace is necessarily going to continue as fast, although we remain very optimistic that we're going to get to where we need to get. On the question of inorganic opportunities, I think we will continue to consider those opportunities. I think you've heard me talk about our willingness to do that in the past, and obviously now the US business is stabilized. We are very focused on developing international, private wealth management business and we would love to have a larger private bank for instance in Europe.
Douglas Sipkin -Wachovia Securities: Okay. And then just finally how should we be thinking about the potential change in the SEC role or a lack thereof around fee-based accounts. I mean how if at all will that impact Morgan Stanley's wealth management business?
David Sidwell: The short answer is, we don't believe it will have a significant impact. Probably the major reason is that, the clients that we have using this product, we believe that those clients will move their assets in to different products. And secondly which is more defensive answer, it's a relatively small percentage of our assets, 5% would be an upward number for that.
Douglas Sipkin -Wachovia Securities: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
David Sidwell: Sure.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Hecht with Banc Of America.
Michael Hecht: Hey David. Good morning. How're you doing?
David Sidwell: Good morning.
Michael Hecht: I know you are with us till the end of the year, but congratulations on your announcement of your recent retirement
David Sidwell: Thank you very much. Although you know I wouldn't retire if it was going to be these record results every quarter.
Michael Hecht: Right. And I just wanted to come back on the ROE. I mean on overall basis this quarter 27.5%, 34% for the non-Discover businesses. But I am just trying to think about the new continued [ops] ROE we given that Discover was only 16% ROE. Do have like what the ROE was excluding Discover, I guess kind of including the excess capital you guys have.
David Sidwell: I can obviously do the math for you, which is, it's basically, if you allocate which I think is the right way of doing this all of the unallocated capital to the securities businesses. You will see that that changes ROE by a couple of point. So the 27.5 would move to 29.5.
Michael Hecht: Okay. Great that's helpful. On the asset management business, do you have a run rate margin for that business excluding the investment gains, and I guess incremental expenses obviously you referred to just kind of stripping that out.
David Sidwell: I am sorry would you repeat that question, please.
Michael Hecht: Sure. On the asset management side kind of a run rate margin excluding the investment gain this quarter?
David Sidwell: We don't think we have the business that way, I think is the right answer. As we have now focused on building our private equity business, building our alternative business, building our infrastructure business as well as moving in real estate, I think we recognize that there was going to be some lumpiness in the way those revenues come in. And so, I think that while we are very focused on improving margins overall, we are doing that by looking overall as oppose to trying part the business into sub parts.
Michael Hecht: Okay. That's fair enough. Just to come back on the retail margin this quarter. I mean it's 16% this quarter versus 15% last quarter, and it just seems they are tracking higher than we expected and even increasing kind of more quickly. So, should we be thinking about the first half margins here as more of a run rate, and any change in terms of timing and longer term goals you guys have been thinking about in that business.
David Sidwell: Well we would hope that 15 is a sort of new floor, its probably the way I think of it, but we'd expect to do better than that. But obviously, we want to make sure we are making the right investment in the business. But we would obviously update you if we see anything that would impact margin from making additional investments. But I think we believe that it should be possible at this point to have a margin higher than 15.
Michael Hecht: Okay. And then just one more follow-up on retail. Can you talk a little about the recruiting trends for brokers, and how aggressive you guys are being today, and then any color just on the competitive environment you are seeing?
David Sidwell: Well, a part of the reason that our headcount has increased in wealth management has been that we've continued to match the pace of recruiting that we had been seeing in the first quarter, and also that we've continued to see a decrease in the level of attrition. Obviously, we would expect to continue to recruit going forward, and we make sure that we feel comfortable with the compensation arrangements that we make with the people that we bring on board.
Michael Hecht: Okay, that's fair enough. And then just last question, I just wanted a follow-up on Discover, the $30 million of incremental expense you talked about second half. That's a second half run rate and does that include allocation of Morgan Stanley overhead in funding costs or what's kind of in there?
David Sidwell: The $30 million does not include that funding costs, and is the incremental cost like consulting and other costs to do all the things they need to do to continue to operate as a standalone company.
Michael Hecht: Okay I got it. Thanks.
David Sidwell: Not allocations from us.
Michael Hecht: Got it. Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Meredith Whitney with CIBC World Markets.
Meredith Whitney: Hi David, how are you?
David Sidwell: Excellent thank you. And you?
Meredith Whitney: I am good, thank you. I wanted to ask you to go all the way back to the beginning of the call and ask you a related question on Guy's comment and then tie it back to last quarter's conference call when you were gracious enough to talk about the velocity of the loan balances. And if you could provide similar commentary this quarter and update if things have changed materially or things are identical, that would be helpful. And then also you talked about the full product solution for your clients. And it is remarkable on terms of the market shares that you and Goldman possess in Global M&A. Can you talk about how the ability to do this has solidified your market share in these businesses over the last even two years? I mean could you give some qualitative comments talking about the advantages of this strategy?
David Sidwell: Okay.
Meredith Whitney: Be helpful, thanks.
David Sidwell: Let me start with your first question which was about the velocity, and I would say there has not been from our perspective a significant change in that on balance for three months was the guidance I gave in the first quarter and I'd say that, that term holds true. Today, obviously our strategy here is to distribute this product. In terms of how important these activities are to the M&A markets; they are extremely important. Because if you look at where advice is being given, it is in the category that is then requiring financing. So if we had not put resources against this sector both in terms of client coverage in terms of the clients who are originating these activities and also make sure we were aligning the our advisory business and our leveraged lending with that. I don't think you would have seen us as successful as we have been over the last couple of years. This was a very important part of our strategic growth initiative and to be candid we would be nowhere near as well placed in terms of the lead tables and that would include equities because IPOs tend to be the excess strategy.
Meredith Whitney: Okay and then just one follow-up on that, which is you guys have a good reputation over it's management can you talk about then if a larger commercial bank would want to come and tend to offer the same type of packaging and full resource product offering. Let's say you or Goldman would, what you are seeing in the market place and very decidedly what you are not doing versus what they are doing and getting into even some of the bridge equity commentary and then I am done.
David Sidwell: Okay, that was a big question. Look these are incredibly competitive markets and the competitors, and you can see this from the lead tables are clear and that include at the top of the table the commercial banks and then the investment banks at the lower to large commercial banks. You obviously are competing with people who are providing advice, providing capital and providing distribution in the way we are. So, a lot of this depends on your client relationship, on your ability to structure transaction and we believe that we are very good at doing that, but ultimately what we believe is important in terms of what is our balance sheet is making sure that we understand the credit and that we maintain very high credit standards. And that is something that we are extremely focused on doing, because ultimately, what is important is the quality of the credit.
Meredith Whitney: So then, any commentary on the bridge equity?
David Sidwell: I am trying to answer it more broadly and just as there is market here is, there is a market dynamic, and we are very careful about the credits that we participate in and those that we don't. And I think that it's been obviously have a lot of commentary around credit standards, the documentation standards, the evolution of this market and so I am trying to answer in a broader way saying that we will be very selective about where we participate to make sure it meets our standards.
Meredith Whitney: Alright, thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you, ma'am. Our next question comes from the line of Roger Freeman with Lehman Brothers.
Roger Freeman: Hi, good morning David.
David Sidwell: Hi Roger.
Roger Freeman: I guess if we look at fee-based asset in the global Wealth Management business, fee-based asset is a percent of total client asset, it's looks like it declined a bit in a quarter, sequentially first time really in a while, at the same time commission revenues as a percent of non-fee-based assets increased a little more and they have been. Was there any mix shift that you can point to in the quarter in terms of retail clients becoming sort of more active on the trading front that would explain these moves?
David Sidwell: No, I don't think there is anything to add versus the trend. The trend actually, I find that I stay very focused on, if you look at for instance, the accounts with greater than $1 million, that increased to…
Roger Freeman: That's right, that one did increased.
David Sidwell: So, I just think that in any one quarter, you are always going to see some mix but I think the overall trend we feel very good about.
Roger Freeman: Okay, and then I guess just a follow-up on your commentary around the growth in FAs in the quarter, sequentially that was up a fair amount more than the sequential increase in the first quarter and I guess I am in the impression that the total for the year would remain relatively flattish, sort of net of attrition. Is that not the way to think about this? Is this a second quarter jump and outsize one, and maybe relative to incoming classes or anything to think about that?
David Sidwell: As I said in my prepared remarks actually, you are absolutely right. We had targeted 8000 as being the number when we lost time in this but because of the fact that attrition has slowed down and we continue to recruit, I think that we would expect to see numbers higher than H-137 that we had at the end of the quarter.
Roger Freeman: Got it, okay. And then, just more broadly speaking, with respect to alternatives, obviously you have been active in making some acquisitions in that area over the last few quarters, are you seeing increases in evaluation, can you comment obviously some of the other large brokerage having been bulking up in that area too from a demand side, does that certain push evaluations for these alternative asset managers up?
David Sidwell: I think we feel extremely positive about the acquisitions and interest that we've taken some point has gone extremely well, balance down as another example of something that's gone extremely well. Obviously, there is a huge demand for these assets in the marketplace but we consider an asset by asset look at the management team, look at the potential, and obviously price is one of the factors that we would consider but I think we feel very good about the transactions that we've entered into so far.
Roger Freeman: Okay, and then lastly you commented how fixed income benefited last quarter from sort of favorable positioning from hedging standpoint in the mortgage area. How would you characterize your positioning in the mortgage space in the second quarter? Were you down just more as a function of declining activity in the market and some marks or was there sort of negative positioning bending the wrong way?
David Sidwell: The first quarter we really did benefit from the market conditions in Subprime as I mentioned spreads didn't really move a whole lot during the second quarter, so there were lower opportunities. We certainly did not loose money in this business.
Roger Freeman: Got it. Okay, alright, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentleman we do have time for one final question and our last question today comes from the line of Steve Warden with J.P. Morgan Chase.
Steve Warden: Hi David.
David Sidwell: Hey, good morning.
Steve Warden: I just have some specific questions on the Discover spin. I happened to notice that in your average equity, common equity the capital allocated to Discover went some like $5.5 billion to $5.3 billion? So, when we think about this, is that the capital that will go away with Discover? Is there a little bit of reduction in the capital?
David Sidwell: I think the number is going to be around 5-4.
Steve Warden: 5-4, okay. And then, I just wanted to clarify, its my understanding that if they get a big settlement in the VISA MasterCard exclusionary damages too, like the first $700 million goes to you, is that correct?
David Sidwell: My suggestion will be, you look at the Form 10 for all of the details of this.
Steve Warden: What I was just trying to get at basically is that, are you going to pay any of the ongoing legal costs associated with the pursuit or is that all going to be born?
David Sidwell: That I can answer, that is paid by Discover and is used in and will be used in the calculation of the proceeds that get available to be slipped between us and Discover.
Steve Warden: I see, okay so was it, thank you.
David Sidwell: Okay. Thanks everyone very much and we look forward to either speaking with you in the quarter if not on the next quarters earnings call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does your conclude your presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-03-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Morgan Stanley conference call. The following is a live broadcast by Morgan Stanley and is provided as a courtesy. Please note that this call is being broadcast on the Internet through the Company’s website at www.morganstanley.com. A replay of the call and Web cast will be available through the company’s website and by phone until April 20, 2007. This presentation may contain forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the day on which they are made, which reflects management’s current estimates, projections, expectations, or beliefs and which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. For a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of the company, please see forward-looking statements immediately proceeding part 1 item 1 competition and regulation and part 1 item 1 risk factors and part 1 item 1A, legal proceedings in part 1, item 3, management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in part 2, item 7, and quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk in part 2, item 7A of the company’s annual report on form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2006 and other items throughout the form 10-K and the Company’s 2007 current reports on form 8-K. The information provided today may also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations of such measures for the comparable GAAP figures are included in our annual reports on form 10-K, our quarterly reports on form 10-Q, and our current reports on 8-K, which are available on our website www.morganstanley.com. Any recording, rebroadcast, or other use of this presentation in whole or in part is strictly prohibited without prior written consent of Morgan Stanley. This presentation is copyrighted and proprietary to Morgan Stanley. At this time I would like to turn the program over to David Sidwell for today’s call.
David Sidwell: Thanks very much, operator, and thanks everyone for joining us today. As you’ve seen from our press release, Morgan Stanley had a tremendous first quarter with record results across the board including record revenues, income from continuing operations, net income and earnings per share. These outstanding results reflect continued execution of our plan for growth and strong trading performance and client execution in very favorable markets across our businesses. We increased the firm’s risk-taking this quarter in a disciplined and balanced way to take advantage of the market opportunities, which together with robust client flows helped us deliver record sales and trading numbers across our equities and fixed income businesses. We continue to make significant progress in executing on our plans to improve performance in our Asset Management and Global Wealth Management businesses. Let me begin with an overview of our firm-wide results, which are included in the pages, 1 and 2 of the financial supplement. First quarter income from continuing operations was $2.6 billion, our highest quarter ever. Earnings per share from continuing operations was $2.40 per share versus $2.08 per share in the fourth quarter of last year, which included a $0.27 per share tax benefit related to finalizing a federal audit. Diluted earnings per share were $2.51, which includes $0.11 per share in our discontinued operations line related to the sale of Quilter. This compares to $2.08 of share in the fourth quarter of 2006. Return on equity from continuing operations was 28.8% and 29.9% including discontinued ops. Net revenues for the quarter were $11 billion, up 25% from the fourth quarter, our highest quarter ever and ahead of the second quarter of last year, the previous record. Total non-interest expenses were $7.1 billion, up 21%. The largest component, compensation and benefits expense was $5 billion, up from $3.5 billion for compensation to net revenue ratio of 45%. The ratio for full-year 2006 was 43%. On our last call, I said that the 2007 ratio would be 1 to 2 percentage point higher than the 43% we reported last year. In addition, in the first quarter we’ve changed to a growth presentation so an employee-deferred compensation and current investment plan to reflect the returns on such plans as both revenue and compensation expense. While this growth had negligible impact on profit before tax and net income, it increased the compensation to net revenue ratio by approximately 1.5 percentage points. We have reclassified amounts for previous periods to conform this presentation. Non-compensation expense in the fist quarter was $2.1 billion, down 11% from last quarter driven by lower professional services and marketing and business development in-line with the usual seasonal trend for these expenses. For example, Discover’s marketing spend is down $56 million, following its seasonal pattern of spend. And non-compensation to net revenue ratio was 19% this quarter, down from the full-year 2006 level of 25%, reflecting both strong revenues, but also this seasonal trend that we see each year. Our tax rate for continuing operations was 33%, the same as last year’s normalized full-year rates. Now let me look at the business specifics. Turning to Institutional Securities detailed on page 5 of the supplement, we were very pleased with our results for the quarter. Record net revenues of $7.6 billion were up 34% from our previous record in the fourth quarter of last year. Profit before tax of $3 billion also a record, was up 32%. And the margin of 40% was flat with last quarter. We achieved return on equity of 40%. Non-interest expenses of $4.6 billion increased 35%, compensation expense was up on higher revenues while non-compensation expenses decreased slightly, reflecting the seasonal decline in Professional Services, including legal, consulting, and recruiting costs, marketing and business development. Looking at page 6 of the supplement investment banking revenues were $1 billion, a 22% decline from our extremely strong fourth quarter last year. All categories were higher than one year ago, up 16%. Advisory revenues decreased 39% to $390 million from a near record fourth quarter 2006. Our M&A backlog is up significantly versus both this time last year and versus the end of the fourth quarter. Equity underwriting revenues were up 18% to $300 million. Our equity backlog is up from the fourth quarter and last year’s first quarter with a strong pipeline of equity offerings across geographies expected in 2007. Fixed income underwriting revenues were down 21% to $359 million from a record fourth quarter of 2006, largely reflecting a decrease in industry volumes during the quarter. Our debt backlog is up quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. Lead table standings are not very meaningful this early in the year because they only reflect the first two months. However, we believe our pipelines indicate that we will capture our share of deals going forward and we continue to be optimistic about the prospects for investment banking. Also on page 6 of the supplement, you can see that we had a record sales and trading quarter, with total revenues of $5.8 billion, up 57% from the strong fourth quarter. Equity sales and trading revenues of $2.2 billion were a record quarter, ahead of our previous record high in the second quarter of 2000 and up 57% from the fourth quarter of 2006, reflecting robust market conditions for much of the quarter and strong revenue growth across businesses and regions, including in our principal and process-driven trading strategies. Cash equities revenues were up 27% with rising stock market indices, strong client volume, and growth across all regions, including record results in Europe and Asia. Derivatives researches nearly tripled, driven by increased risk, higher client flows, and new deal activity across all regions. We continue to see results from our derivative expansion plan. For example, we recently launched a European retail structure product for high net worth and ultrahigh net worth individuals that being sold through multiple distribution channels, including our own Wealth Management business. Financing products also contributed to the overall increase in revenues. This was a record quarter in prime brokerage, with revenues up substantially on both new accounts and growth in global client balances for the 16th consecutive quarter. In fixed income sales and trading, $3.6 billion in revenues was our best quarter ever, up 57% driven by broad-based strength across credit products, interest rate, and currency products and commodities. We sold very strong trading performance and good levels of client activity across our fixed income businesses. Looking at the results by product area, credit products rose 110% to a new record, with the largest increase in securitized products driven by favorable positioning in the Subprime Mortgage Markets, strong customer flows, and robust growth in our Global Commercial Mortgage business. In corporate credit revenues increased substantially with tightening spreads and strong liquidity, driving good client flow and positioning opportunities. Interest rate and currencies increased 10%, driven by strong results in emerging markets. Where there were strong rallies in most countries and good customer flow. Commodities increased 56% in volatile market conditions, with strength across the board in our oil liquids, electricity, and natural gas, and metals businesses. All of which benefited from strong client flows and positioning opportunities. Our results were also enhanced by our recent acquisitions of TransMontaigne and Heidmar. Principal transaction’s investment revenues were $801 million, a $298 million increase from the fourth quarter of 2006. The growths were up for certain differed compensation plans, which I mentioned earlier, largely impact this revenue line. The impact in the current quarter is $237 million compared with $93 million in the fourth quarter of 2006. Outside of this factor, the increase was primarily driven by higher unrealized gains in the real estate portfolio and fixed income investments, including ICE. Turning to risk, we assumed more risk this quarter to take advantage of market opportunities across our institutional businesses. This increased risk is visible in our value at risk, as well as the increase in capital allocated to the Institutional Securities segment. Looking at value at risk for the quarter, aggregate average trading and non-trading value at risk is up $25 million to $92 million with increases in equities and commodities risk, as well as a decrease in the diversification benefit because of high correlation, given the size and mix of the portfolio. Period end accretive trading and non-trading risk was $78 million as we decreased risk exposure during the latter part of the quarter to balance the level of risk with our view of potential market changes. Stress testing scenarios, which help us manage less liquid risk showed a similar trend over the quarter. In the quarter, total loans and commitments rose by $4.3 billion. Compared to where we were last year at this time, total loans and commitments net of hedges have increased by $8.1 billion or 32%. Non-investment grade loans and commitments have increased by $19 billion or three-fold. We continue to see considerable opportunities for event lending as we grow our leverage finance business, build off our strong client relationship, structuring capabilities, and distribution. Before I leave Institutional Securities, let me turn to a topic that’s been a focus in the market in the past several weeks, subprime mortgage. We participate in the subprime mortgage market in a number of ways. Through our securitized product groups we purchased loans from originators and originate loans, including through Saxon, which closed this quarter. We are active in the structuring, securitization, and distribution of subprime products, including CLOs and CDOs. Third, we manage our risk through a variety of hedging strategies and we also take proprietary risk positions. In the aggregate, these activities were a significant contributor to our results this quarter. In addition, we extend loans and lending commitments to clients that are secured by assets of the borrower such as loan pools. At the end of the quarter, whereas lending commitments to the subprime lenders totaled $5.2 billion, of which $2.3 billion was funded and fully collateralized. The largest component of this was the New Century. Our current funded balance with New Century is $2.5 billion. Finally, through our acquisition of Saxon, we have servicing capabilities. Now turning to page 8 of the financial supplements, and our Global Wealth Management business, the sale of our U.K. stand-alone mass-affluent brokerage business Quilter to Citigroup was finalized this quarter and resulted in a $168 million pretax gain. Quilter is excluded from all periods and shown in the firm’s results as a discontinued operation. Global Wealth Management revenues reached $1.5 billion, the best quarterly revenue in six years, and up 4% from the fourth quarter of 2006, reflecting improved performance as well as increased market activity. Non-interest expenses of $1.3 billion were flat, reflecting increased compensation because of higher revenues offset by a decrease in non-compensation expenses driven by lower legal services and other Professional Services costs. There were no significant expenses related to legal and regulatory matters this quarter. We achieved significant operating leverage in the quarter, with profit before tax of $220 million, a 33% increase from the fourth quarter of 2006. And we had a 15% PBT margin, the highest margin achieved since the second quarter of 2000. ROE increased to 32%, reflecting the improved margin as well as the reduced capital required to support the business. The business continues to build on its momentum, showing improvement in many areas. On page 9, you can see this in a number of productivity metrics. Net new assets of $6.7 billion represented our fourth consecutive quarter of client inflows and highest since we started tracking the metric. Assets in the $1 million plus household sector increased $16 billion and are 70% of our total client asset base versus 65% at this point last year. Total client assets increased to $690 billion and fee-based assets represented 29% of the total. Average FA production grew to a record $748,000. Our bank deposit program continues to grow, ending the quarter at $16.4 billion, well on track to achieve the high end of our goal of 18 to $20 billion by year end. Product launches during the quarter includes a closed end fund in advance, on which we reached highest sales for closed and fund of $1.5 billion. We continue to expand our product offerings to our clients to include more lending products. For example, we introduced a portfolio loan account which attracted over $400 million in credit lines. Our FA headcount is up slightly from last quarter as we continue to attract high quality producers. We believe that we will end the year with approximately 8,000 FAs, slightly higher than we have today. This is our fourth consecutive quarter of progress, and while we do not expect progress to be linear, we are clearly building momentum in this business. Let me turn to our Asset Management business. We continue to make good progress against our key initiatives. We delivered our second consecutive quarter of positive flow and for the first quarter in over two years, we reported positive net long-term flows driven impart from new products launched in 2006. Also, institutional money market flows continue to be strong. As you see on page 10 of the supplement, net revenues of $905 million were up 24% from the fourth quarter of 2006. Management and administration fees increased 15% to $732 million, largely driven by higher revenues in our alternatives business, including FrontPoint Partners and higher average assets under management. In the quarter, the acquisition of FrontPoint added $6 billion of assets under management. Principal transaction investment revenues increased to $121 million in the quarter, primarily from net unrealized gains related to private equity investments and investments in our alternatives business. The increase in other revenue primarily reflects revenue recognized from our minority stake in Lansdowne and Avenue Capital. Expense of $669 million were up 24%, driven by higher compensation due to increased investment in the business and higher net revenues resulting in a higher payout ratio. Income before taxes was $236 million, up 24% and PBT margin was 26%, primarily driven by the private equity gains. We continue to believe the full-year margin will be closer to 20% as a result of continued business investment and products and people, for example, as we build our private equity business. Return on equity was 20%, up from the 18% reported last quarter. There was an increase in the economic capital required to support the business during the quarter, primarily related to goodwill from acquisition and additional fee capital. Turning to page 11 of the supplement, you can see assets under management or supervision increased by $22 billion to end the quarter at $500 billion. This increase reflects the impact of positive flows in both long-term assets and institutional money markets. The acquired assets under management are associated with FrontPoint and strong market performance. We had $4.3 billion in total net inflows, which marks our second consecutive quarter of net asset inflows. Institutional liquidity inflows continued strong, at $2.5 billion. We also continued to see positive flows in our non-US and Americas Intermediary channels of $4.5 billion and $1 billion respectively. These were partially offset by $1.8 billion in retail money market outflows, primarily resulting from the build out of the deposit program in Global Wealth Management and our Morgan Stanley branded retail channel as $1.9 billion of outflows. We continue to broaden our product offering and launched and incubated 21 new core products, including 12 in alternatives, five in equities, and four in fixed income. Recognizing a new products typically take anywhere from one year to several to establish a track record and attract meaningful assets, we feel good about the early success we have seen with flows into the new products that are being launched in 2006 and 2007. We are pleased with the traction we are getting with our investments for long-term growth, including product expansion and alternatives and the progress we are making in developing our private equity and infrastructure initiatives. Results for our Discover business are detailed on pages 13 and 14 of the supplement. Financial information and statistical data follow on page 15. Net revenues for the quarter were $1 billion, up 6% sequentially and profit before tax increased 87% to $372 million, primarily driven by higher revenues, which included a lower provision for loan losses and lower expenses. Receivables grew for the fifth consecutive quarter, up 6% year-on-year and 1% sequentially with record transaction volume and stable payment rates. Fees were up slightly on a managed basis, primarily reflecting higher sequential sales volume due to normal seasonal trends and to higher Card member related fee revenue partially offset by higher Card member rewards. Interest income increased slightly due to higher average balances. The yield was up slightly from last quarter as well. The provision for losses was $482 million, down 9%, reflecting an improvement in the US, partially offset by deterioration in the UK, where bankruptcies have been increasing. Across the portfolio the net charge-off rate and 30-day delinquencies decreased. Turning to expenses, non-interest expenses decreased 15% driven by lower seasonal advertising and marketing spend and lower legal fees related to the VISA/MasterCard litigation. For the year, we expect our marketing and business development spending to be at or slightly up from 2006 levels. Looking forward, consistent with the industry, our U.S. bankruptcies have not returned to higher level, as quickly as we have been expecting, although there has been deterioration in the U.K. credit environment. The consumer credit environment in the U.S. remains very favorable for our business, with bankruptcies remaining low throughout the quarter. As a result we’re revising slightly our outlook for the full year charge-off rate to a range of 4 to 4.5% versus the prior estimate of 4.5 to 5%. While there has been considerable media coverage regarding higher delinquencies in the subprime mortgage industry, we have not seen any impact on our Card portfolio. Nevertheless, we continue to monitor the situation closely. In summary, our U.S. business is performing well with growth in usage and receivables and strong credit performance. In the U.K., we’re working hard to limit the impact, we are facing due to the adverse credit environment. Finally, regarding our spin-off of Discover, the various work streams are progressing as plan and we continue to expect to complete the spin in the third quarter. The next step is we expect to file the form-10 shortly. As we described in our recent 10-K, we’re now using Tier 1 regulatory capital as a definition of economic capital, this gives credit to Hybrid Capital instruments and certain preferred stock, but deducts deferred tax assets from capital. In making this change, we wanted to recognize that non-common equity Tier 1 instruments are a cost efficient source of equity. In terms of share repurchase, we told you last quarter that our board had authorized a stock repurchase program of up to $6 billion, and then we would have actively managed our share repurchases to achieve this over the next 12 to 18 months. As of February 28, the company repurchased approximately 15 million shares of its common stock worth approximately $1.2 billion since the end of fiscal 2006. With respect to the pace of repurchases, we evaluate and balance the needs of our business for additional capital to reinvest in the organic growth and make attractive acquisitions with our objective over time of offsetting the dilutive impact of equity compensation to employees. Finally, as a regard to outlook, the markets have been very volatile over the last few weeks with a decline in stock markets, widening credit spreads, higher interest rates, and higher volatility as well as concerns which have continued about the subprime market and whether it would spread to other markets. At this time we believe this could be a reasonably limited event, as we have not seen any signs that the subprime deterioration could spread to other parts of the market. At this early point in the second quarter, we remain reasonably optimistic. I mentioned earlier that our investment banking pipeline across advisory equities of fixed income are strong. The level of client activity in our sales and trading businesses remain strong, with the increase in volatility providing trading opportunities for our clients as well as for us. At Discover, charge-off rates remain relatively low and credit costs are expected to continue to rise at a slower rate. In the equity markets if they continue to see a downward trend, it will obviously have an impact on the retail investor’s transaction activity; however that revenue pressure would be mitigated somewhat by fee-based assets, the growing deposits on lending business, plus a pipeline of closed and fund offerings. Our Asset Management business will also be affected by equity market trends, but we’re building momentum from our build out in alternatives. So in sum we continue to invest in the long-term growth of our business, I fear we are well-positioned to deliver value to our shareholders. So, with that let me please hand it over to you all for any questions you may have.
Operator: In the line of Glenn Schorr of UBS. Please proceed.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, Dave.
David Sidwell: Good morning Glenn.
Glenn Schorr: Good morning, afternoon -- well, still morning. I’ve missed it in your prepared remarks. You had touched on the lower equity allocation of Global Wealth Management. Wasn’t sure what that was, as that business gets more full balance sheet focused. If you could elaborate, that would be cool.
David Sidwell: We obviously look at the capital we allocate to each of the businesses on a regular basis. The methodology has not changed in our assessment: however, of the capital required for both the market and credit risk in this business together with operational risk, those calculations showed a lower requirement in the quarter. In contrast, actually Asset Management has a higher capital allocation in the quarter because of the acquisitions.
Glenn Schorr: It just seemed down 40% in the quarter and 50% year-over-year it seemed like something changed in terms of feeling towards what it would chew up in regulatory capital. Did the deposit program housed within Global Wealth Management?
David Sidwell: The deposit program is within Global Wealth Management.
Glenn Schorr: It’s not that big of a deal. Maybe a more important question is, now what do you do with the $5.1 billion of capital surplus? I guess to your point, keep building your business to deploy risk capital and make your bolt-on acquisitions along the way?
David Sidwell: Yeah. And balance it obviously with -- we do want to make sure that we cover over time to the diluted impact of the stock awards to employees. So, it’s very much each quarter we look at the capital we’re going to need for all the factors you’ve said and balance that against our desire to cover the cost of the stock programs for our employees. That dynamic again, we set at each quarter.
Glenn Schorr: Right and I guess in the first quarter, the share count rose a little bit, but that’s a first quarter phenomenon for the most part?
David Sidwell: Yeah, it is. We make our equity awards to employees in the first quarter and that’s the big driver in the share count.
Glenn Schorr: Right and I noticed that sometime right before the conference call started, you were right and you got the Proman case overturned?
David Sidwell: Yeah, we just got the opinion and I haven’t been through it in detail, but I think our first read and that of our law team is that this is clearly a victory. Obviously we have to go through it in detail and work it out and obviously, there are additional steps that the other party can take, but this was very good news today, we are very pleased.
Glenn Schorr: Not bad, not bad. So eventually we could see a partial or all reversal of the reserves taken, if it holds?
David Sidwell: Yeah, the reserve is $360 million.
Glenn Schorr: Right, right. Okay. Thanks very much.
David Sidwell: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Guy Moszkowski of Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
David Sidwell: Good morning, Guy.
Guy Moszkowski: Thanks, good morning. On the VaR and the fact that you did bring it up quite a bit on average for the quarter but then down quite a bit by the end of the quarter, can you give us a sense for the asset classes that would have accounted for the end of quarter pullback from whatever the peak was during the quarter?
David Sidwell: Yeah, we -- just to give a bit of background on this and I think I talked about this at the last conference call that we did, we actually had increased the level of VaR that we were taking by the end of the fourth quarter, if you remember on average, just using trading VaR as an example, the fourth quarter average was 61, in fact, the period end was $85 million. That increase continued in the first quarter on average and most of the increase was in equities and in commodities and we then pulled that back down again by period end, so the trading VaR was reduced to $76 million over the last couple of weeks of the quarter. And the decreases, again, were primarily in equity.
Guy Moszkowski: Primarily in equities, you said, right?
David Sidwell: Yeah.
Guy Moszkowski: And I think when you were talking about the fixed income business revenue changes, you were actually referring relative not fourth quarter as supposed to in the press release, when you talked about relative to year-over-year; is that right?
David Sidwell: Basically the way we’ve done this call, the press release compared with a year, we always do the conference call compared with the last quarter.
Guy Moszkowski: Right I just want to make sure that was the right. So then relative to last quarter, you were also saying that mortgage trading revenues were stronger relative to fourth quarter, despite all the subprime issues and everything and largely because of positioning. Is that appropriately interpreted?
David Sidwell: Yes. Our fixed income business was up and a big part of the increase in fixed income is in the credit marketed and a big driver of that was our residential mortgage business for the reasons that we talked about, we were well positioned for the market moves.
Guy Moszkowski: And just a follow-up question on the capital management, first of all, with respect to the reduction of capital, I guess about half relative to what it was a year ago in Global Wealth Management, some of that presumably related to the sale of Quilter. Can you give us a sense for how much was that as opposed to…?
David Sidwell: We actually had moved Quilter and showed it in discontinued operations. So if you look at page 4 in the supplement, you’ll see a row, which is called discontinued operations, that’s the capital that was assigned to Quilter.
Guy Moszkowski: Gotcha, okay. So really all we see above the line there, is just a reassessment of the legal and operating capital risks in the business?
David Sidwell: Yes, absolutely. As I said earlier to the question, we regularly evaluate the components of our capital calculation, which are our market risk, credit risk, operating risk, as well as obviously the capital to support acquisitions through the amount of goodwill and it was with consideration of all of those factors that we lowered the amount of capital to the retail business.
Guy Moszkowski: Obviously as the previous question pointed out, the amount of capital that you’re now carrying at the corporate level, the excess capital at the corporate level raises the question of either buybacks or continued acquisitions and you’ve obviously made quite a number of those of the ladder in the last year. Would you at this point consider increasing the amount of subprime origination or alt A type origination, capability that you have, or is that appetite pretty much satisfied at this point with Saxon?
David Sidwell: Well, I would say that -- and obviously we’ve been talking about this for a little bit. We had felt as we looked at the firm and its strategy, we felt that we were underrepresented in the mortgage business that our fixed income business, which is a leader in many areas, that we did not have the scale of penetration in the mortgage markets that we should have had. It was with that, that we have said over the last couple of years that we wanted to increase our footprint in mortgages, Saxon was part of that as was some of the expansion that we’ve done overseas. Obviously, I think we will continue to look at opportunities in the marketplace, but it’s something that we have at this point made no definitive plans on or else I’d share them with you.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay, great. Thanks very much, David.
David Sidwell: Sure.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, please stand by, your question-and-answer portion will resume momentarily.
David Sidwell: Great. When there are good results for fewer questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of William Tanona with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
William Tanona: Hey, David.
David Sidwell: Hey, good morning.
William Tanona: So can we talk a little bit about the margins, obviously we saw some improvements there and I would say in particular in the Global Wealth Management and in Maxim, you had guided before in the Maxim side too probably the low 20s you came in at 26%. I’m guessing part of that is probably just seasonal, given the incentive fees and if you can just update us on how we shall think about that line going forward for Maxim and then on the Global Wealth Management side. There you had indicated that there were no legal fees or no legal expenses in this quarter, so that kind of abnormally high here for the first quarter or is that a good run rate we should use going forward?
David Sidwell: Let me start with the Asset Management business. We, as you say, we did have margin of 26% in the quarter. We’ve actually been signaling that a 20% margin was a much more realistic level for the full year, and that’s in large part as we continue to make the investment in people and specifically the investment in building the private equity business. So, I would still, just reinforce that that our expectation is the margin will be much closer to 20%. Obviously part of the driver in the first quarter and as you know, these tend to be lumpy; we had fairly high investment gains, both from seed capital and in private equity. And as I said, by definition, those tend to be lumpy. Wealth Management, one of our stated objectives here has obviously been to improve our margins to get to more industry-leading margins. If you remember for a lot of time in ‘05, we had barely single digit margins. We have over the last several quarters had margins much better than that in the low double digits, so 11, 12%. 15% is probably a little higher than we’ve seen, but I think over time we have said that we want to have our margins improve and this is a demonstration of that improvement.
William Tanona: Okay, that’s helpful. And then in terms of mortgages, obviously you’ve highlighted that as an area of particular strength. Could you give us a sense as to kind of the contribution of mortgages relative to the fourth quarter as it related to the increased 1% of the increase in thick had been in mortgages? And then also, could you give us a sense as to what your residuals might look like across mortgage and specifically subprime as it ended the quarter?
David Sidwell: I think the major point I’ve been trying to make, actually, is that if you look at our institutional businesses across equities and fixed income, it was really the breadth of performance compared with the fourth quarter. So looking at equities, all areas of that business were up, if you look at our fixed income, it’s the same thing. Within fixed income, when going down a little bit, the largest driver of the increase compared with fourth quarter was in credit markets and the residential mortgage business was a big part of that driver. As I gave a rough sizing of it, but I’m not going to break it down further into the actual contribution from that one business.
William Tanona: Okay, that’s fair and then just on the residuals?
David Sidwell: Again, that’s part of the overall evaluation of that residential mortgage business, so I’d rather not just address one of the types of instruments that are a part of that overall business strategy, which includes many instruments.
William Tanona: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Douglas Sipkin of Wachovia. Please proceed.
Douglas Sipkin: David, how are you?
David Sidwell: Fine, thank you, good morning.
Douglas Sipkin: Two questions, one, obviously a very strong quarter for mortgage trading. Is it fair to say that the fact that you guys have acquired and now are a bigger player in origination that you had more insight into the market, do you think that helped position you the right way for some of the turmoil in the market?
David Sidwell: I think that we, across all of our businesses try and make sure that we understand where the opportunities are and where the markets are going. So, clearly that insight is obviously key when you think about running the business.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay and then just non-investment grade commitments up 35% sequentially. Is that an indication that the private equity markets are still going to remain very strong, or is there something else in there accounting for that big jump?
David Sidwell: Yeah. One of the -- and I think this is an interesting follow-up to the discussion about the mortgage business. We also identified when we reviewed the strategy about 18 months ago that we were also underway in the leverage finance business, that this is a very significant part of the market, a lot of transaction flow has been in the leverage finance business, it is also very much linked to the financial sponsors part of the business that we want to be a leader in, so we’ve been very committed to building the business and this is really part of the continued buildup in our saying that we have good capabilities in terms of structuring transactions to now taking on the risk and distributing the risk as part of that build out.
Douglas Sipkin: So I guess we should interrupt the big jump then as an indication that -- at least from these numbers that the private equity markets are still going to remain fairly active in the months ahead.
David Sidwell: We continue to see a very good backlog in terms of the amount of financial business around leverage finance. It continues to be a very good market environment.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of James Mitchell of Buckingham Research Group. Please proceed.
James Mitchell: Hey, good morning.
David Sidwell: Good morning, James.
James Mitchell: Can we just go over on the Asset Management business, you had quite a bit of net inflows improving the non-US components? Can you talk a little bit and give me a little more detail around what you’re doing there to drive that growth?
David Sidwell: I think we’re ultimately trying to build our business globally. It’s something that we see the opportunities not just being based in the US, so we are very committed to continue to build out the right product offering to attract through that channel.
James Mitchell: Now, is that a combination of retail and institutional, or mostly …
David Sidwell: Primarily institutional.
James Mitchell: And another question on Discover, it seems that obviously you guys, your expectations for loss rates this year have come down. I assume that’s -- if I do the math correctly, you’ve released some reserves to reflect that, I assume. Is much of that reserve number now, or because credit continues to look good we should expect perhaps more reserve leases going forward?
David Sidwell: Well I think we feel the -- and we keep saying this, I know, in terms of -- I think we expect that the environment is going to lead to a higher level of charge-offs, which is a big driver of the allowance and the reserve for credit losses. As I said, we think that our outlook is probably better than it was when I talked about it in December. And it really is reflecting the fact that when you look compared for instance with the fourth quarter, the charge-off rate is down to 4.05%, it was 4.15% in the fourth quarter. If you look at delinquencies, over 30-day delinquencies are 3.45% down from 3.51% in the fourth quarter. So the underlying trends continue to be strong. It’s just that we really do believe these trends; you would expect them to increase.
James Mitchell: Right, now I understood, well I guess my point is that obviously reserves also reflect expectations of future losses, and since you’ve changed that thought process, I was wondering if most of that change in thought process reflected currently.
David Sidwell: Most of what you’re trying to do with the reserves will actually reflect what you thought the losses are that you already incurred. So you’re not trying to project future losses.
James Mitchell: Okay, fair enough. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Meredith Whitney of CIBC. Please proceed.
Meredith Whitney: Hi, David, I have two quick questions, please. The first is, given the fact that you have beaten your own internal expectations for the deposit sweep; why not revisit your targets on the $20 billion in deposits by year-end?
David Sidwell: I think it’s more just a limit to what we can do. There’s just an absolute size limit based on the amount that our clients have in the money market funds, so I think that we believe 20 is a reasonable number. Can it be $1 billion or $2 higher than that, absolutely, but at the moment $20 billion is our best estimate.
Meredith Whitney: Okay.
David Sidwell: You’re not going to see it double, for instance.
Meredith Whitney: Don’t get too excited about one quarter’s results. My second question is, on your corporate loan book which grew pretty aggressively this quarter year-on-year.
David Sidwell: Yeah.
Meredith Whitney: Is that because of your willingness to commit capital, a change in your willingness to commit capital, or is that because clients are increasingly demanding to have you commit capital? And then finally, if I look at the change in deal flow, you see a disproportionate growth at the top end in terms of market share accumulation by the firms who are willing to commit capital and invest in deals. Can you just comment on all that, please?
David Sidwell: Well I think that using your capital is important to the leverage finance business. Most of this is non-investment grade. That’s where most of the increase has been, and most of it has been bridge financing. So our expectation is that while we use our balance sheet at some point you are able to take it off your balance sheet and on average that has been several months and not longer than that. And I don’t think there’s anything we see about the current balance sheet which would say at this point we would expect it to be any different than it’s been before. So the objective here is to help clients structure deals and then as quickly as we can to distribute the risk, obviously through our expertise.
Meredith Whitney: Okay. Thanks, David.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ron Mendell of DIC. Please proceed.
Ron Mendell: I had a couple of questions; one was on the principal investment gains, the $800 million in institutional securities. I know you’ve mentioned that in your remarks, but I was wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on that as to what was in there, what the prospects are, and also I think you made some related compensation comments.
David Sidwell: Yeah, let me do that a little more slowly. I apologize, if I rushed it. In this quarter, we changed the way we present a number of deferred compensation and current investment plans for employees. We used to net the compensation expense against the revenues. What we are now doing from the first quarter and we’ve restated all of the history is that we are now showing the revenues growth and the expenses in compensation expense and using institutional securities as an example, that added $237 million in the revenue line and as I said, that was largely offset in the compensation line.
Ron Mendell: And the $237 million was in the principal investing line?
David Sidwell: Yes. It’s actually -- yes, principal investing, a fair amount of it relates actually to gains in the real estate business.
Ron Mendell: Right and but even so, as you said everything was restated, so the 800 -- or I think you said that, right.
David Sidwell: Yeah.
Ron Mendell: So everything -- so everything -- so that $800 million still looks large relative to prior quarters?
David Sidwell: It is. And I would reiterate that these tend to be very lumpy that this was a very good quarter in terms of the real estate gains, specifically. And it will continue to be lumpy.
Ron Mendell: Okay. Then in regard to fixed income sales and trading, one thing I was taking away from your comments on the contribution that mortgages made was you took advantage of the volatility and basically what I took away was that you were short subprime very successfully, and I guess that’s possibly going to be very hard to repeat going forward since so much of the activity, although not all of it took place in that quarter.
David Sidwell: I actually don’t really want to address specifically how we were positioned, but I think the thrust of what you said in terms of the trading and hedging activity, I don’t think you want to model that in.
Ron Mendell: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we do have time for one final question. Our last question comes from the line of Mike Hecht of Bank of America. Please proceed.
Mike Hecht: Hey, David. How you doing?
David Sidwell: Fine, thanks, and you?
Mike Hecht: Pretty good, glad to be last. Just -- actually, a couple questions. Wanted to just follow up on the principal investing gains question, just to understand. When you guys report like sales and trading, fixed income equities, principal investing gains are not embedded in those numbers; correct?
David Sidwell: That’s correct.
Mike Hecht: So there’s no real kind of guidance or color on the size or the investments you’re making there? I know it’s a place you’ve been looking to allocate some incremental capital and just thoughts on the ability to kind of harvest gains over time?
David Sidwell: I think I would just say at this point that this was a very significant quarter and it’s lumpy and our expectation would not be that this is a new trend level at this point in time. We’re still obviously in the investment phase of building out our principal investing with institutional securities as well as what would sharpen the Asset Management sector in terms of building the private equity business. As you know, we have really just started that effort; we started probably the right way of saying.
Mike Hecht: Right, that’s fair. And I just wanted to get a little more color on the very strong results in equities. It sounds like its pretty broad-based, but I also noticed that the equity VaR was up a fair amount. So I’m wondering how should we think about that increase, is it really more business mix in terms of facilitating more or large block trades or doing more principally priced business on the cash business or non-US business, or really just more prop trading?
David Sidwell: I would say all of above. Not wanting to be few too flip.
Mike Hecht: That’s fine.
David Sidwell: It was well distributed across as I’ve said the cash business, the derivatives business, financing, prime brokerage as well as our own risk taking, and it was not just US, it was in Europe and Asia, and we saw very robust growth in all of these regions. So, it was just a very, very strong quarter.
Mike Hecht: Okay. And then you have it in your remarks, you guys picked up the servicing platform as part of the Saxon deal. Do you think that gives you an advantage in, as you might look to become more active in evaluating whether to purchase, subprime assets at attractive evaluations?
David Sidwell: We think, and we had talked about this in terms of our strategy of extending our footprint from smaller origination and securitization activity to having a fuller, more virtually integrated mortgage business. And obviously servicing capabilities are a very important part of that and depending on what happens in the subprime market could be a very useful capability. Okay.
Mike Hecht: Just one last question on Discover. Looks like you had pretty good growth in transaction volume or net sales and also post network transaction volumes up nicely year-over-year. Any color on what’s driving that on both counts? Any new promotions that are going particularly well or new clients signed up?
David Sidwell: I don’t think there’s anything specific, this is obviously, these are trends that take some time to emerge and as you know we’ve been very focused on building our network and building the capabilities and to bring people onboard to use our networks and that effort will continue.
Mike Hecht: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
David Sidwell: Thanks, everyone. I guess that was the last question. Thank you very much and obviously if you have further questions, please call our Bill Pike and the rest of his team. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference call. This does conclude the presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a great day.
