===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-17 08:30:00) =====
Jeff Edwards: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Schwab's 2025 Spring Business Update. This is Jeff Edwards, Head of Investor Relations. And I'm joined in our Westlake headquarters by our President and CEO, Rick Wurster; and CFO, Mike Verdeschi. Our earnings release crossed the wires about an hour ago. So hopefully, everyone has had an opportunity to review our strong 1Q results. Before we jump in a few quick housekeeping items. The slide to the business update will be posted to their usual spot on the IR Web site at the conclusion of today's prepared remarks. Q&A remains structured as one question no follow ups please with negative points awarded to those posing questions with four to five separate questions nested within. This approach enables us to address as many questions as possible during our time together this morning. It's worth noting that questions may also be submitted via the online console. And of course, please don't hesitate to reach out to the IR team with any follow-up questions after today's update. And finally, the forward-looking statements page, our omnipresent wall of words, which reminds us that outcomes can differ from expectations. So please keep in touch with our disclosures. All right, with all that covered, let me turn it over to Rick.
Rick Wurster: Thanks Jeff. And good morning, everyone. Welcome to our spring business update. The first quarter of 2025 can be summed up in one word growth. With our Through Clients' Eyes strategy, investors turned to us during the first quarter and trusting us with $138 billion in core new assets, which is up 44% over the first quarter of last year. Clients opened 1.2 million new accounts. Our clients remained highly active with high levels of trading activity, record engagement with our wealth solutions and strong utilization of margin. And through it all, we were there for our clients. We delivered strong service levels for advisors and retail investors. Retail client promoter scores and our client easy score for advisors. Both remain strong with legacy Ameritrade satisfaction increasing, translated to strong financial performance to begin the year, including year-over-year revenue growth of 18%, record net revenues and a 41% year-over-year increase in adjusted earnings per share. We're continuing to play offense and deliver on initiatives that support growth across multiple measures, routing new financial consultants and opening up branches in our retail business. Our advisor business continues to grow and delight clients and we've invested to continue to enhance the experience for advisors. In the first quarter, we launched several new offers to help our clients take ownership of their financial futures. And I'm going to talk more about these in a few minutes. And we're not taking our foot off the gas. We're continuing to make investments to make it easier for clients to do business at Schwab while conducting more of their financial lives with us. As we shared in January and continue to believe, we expect strong revenue and earnings expansion in 2025. And after recent capital actions we're poised for additional capital return over the course of the year. With Through Clients' Eyes as our guide, we remain well positioned to accelerate our growth over the long term. In the first quarter, the S&P 500 was down 5%. The VIX increased in investors sentiment dampened. Through this volatility, we were there when clients needed us. Retail calls to our service centers increased as clients had more questions about what to do during periods of uncertainty. We consistently answered their calls in under 30 seconds. And our retail advisor and workplace relationship teams stood by clients to help them navigate their personal financial situations. It is in periods like this where our omnichannel client model really shines just as it did this quarter. And it is in periods like this where it's so important to remember why we are here. Because behind every trade and every call to our service teams is a person who is watching the headlines and considering their next best financial decision, whether they're a new investor, an active trader, an engaged retiree or a dedicated advisor supporting their clients. With Through Clients' Eyes as our guide we delivered an outstanding experience to our clients and powered growth across all fronts, client growth, solutions growth and financial growth. Looking at client growth core net new assets grew 44% year-over-year to $138 billion, representing a 5.5% annualized growth rate. This is driven by momentum across all three of our client businesses with each seeing strong growth. The momentum in our advisor services business continued from last year while retail NNA increased 50% year-over-year as we moved further away from the final client conversions. At the same time, we also had a record quarter in our workplace business. As we move further away from the Ameritrade integration, our NNA continues to move to our normal historical levels just as we suggested it would. We continue to see NNA from legacy Ameritrade clients grow as we deepen those relationships over time. New brokerage account openings grew to 1.2 million, an increase of 8% over the prior year quarter. We continue to delight clients earning strong client promoter scores in all of our businesses. Clients continue to turn to our wealth, lending and trading solutions, another key measure of our growth as we broaden and deepen relationships with clients. Managed investing net flows increased 15% over the same period last year to a new record with continued strong contribution from Ameritrade clients. We now have nearly $500 billion in assets under management in our holistic wealth solutions, Schwab Wealth Advisory and Schwab Advisor Network. We also attracted record net flows across several offers, including our flagship Schwab Wealth Advisory as well as Schwab Personalized Indexing. Bank lending balances reached $47.1 billion, a 15% year-over-year increase. Finally, daily average trades increased 24% to 7.4 million for the quarter. Our early April numbers are well above even what we saw in the first quarter. We are the number one firm traders turn to among competitors to report on those metrics and there isn't a closed second as we bring the industry's leading platform, research and education and trader support. When we deliver for our clients, it translates to healthy financial growth. In the first quarter, total revenue increased 18% year-over-year to $5.6 billion and adjusted earnings per share increased 41% over the first quarter of 2024. We are off to a strong start with growth across all key measures for the first quarter. Looking ahead, we remain confident in our ability to accelerate our growth over this year and for the long term, and we believe that is true even in a period of market uncertainty. There are several reasons for our confidence. First, we have a strong competitive positioning. We remain a leader in the two fastest growing segments of the financial services industry, self-directed investors and registered investment advisors. We're number one in total client assets for publicly reported peers, number one in RIA custodial assets and number one in daily average trades. And we continue to receive third party recognition, including being named the number one overall broker by StockBrokers.com. Second, we have healthy business fundamentals. Our transfer of assets or TOA ratio, which is a measure of how we stack up to competitors is 1.5. That means for every dollar that leaves Schwab, $1.50 comes to us from our competitors. Investors turn to us because our no trade-offs approach means they get world class platforms, solutions that meet the spectrum of wealth and trading needs, access when and where they want it, whether that's on their phone in a branch or through one of our advisor or workplace relationship managers along with service that can't be matched. Our pledged asset line balances increased 34% year-over-year, supported by strong digital adoption, 95% of new loans originated through a digital channel. And even with the increase in volumes, we're delivering industry leading cycle times averaging only 1.1 days. Third, we have a growing and diverse client base. We serve RIAs of all sizes and attract healthy NNA from all segments as we delight them and meet their needs. In our retail business, new to firm households are up 14% over last year and we're attracting clients across the spectrum of ages in life stages. In the first quarter, 33% of new to firm clients were under 30 and nearly 60% were under the age of 40. Traders were a key part of the story in the first quarter and will remain so with volatility at higher levels. We continue to attract traders to our leading offer. The number of clients who have adopted thinkorswim has more than doubled over the last year. Traders are a highly engaged group. We're number one in the industry in daily average trades and option contracts. We're number one because of our outstanding platforms, multiple destinations for trading for all levels of investors, educational content and insights combined with incredible trader support from trading professionals here at Schwab. And as the last few weeks have shown, we're meeting trader needs through market swings and record trading days. Fourth, we're continuing to deliver the capabilities, experience and solutions that our clients want and expect. We're investing in the four focus areas that you see here. Our first priority is driving growth. There are two aspects of our growth, driving NNA with new and existing clients and deepening relationships with those clients. And we delivered on these priorities across multiple fronts in the first quarter. We're expanding our branch footprint and hiring hundreds of financial consultants and wealth consultants to deepen relationships with our higher net worth retail clients and their families. We're also investing in our support of self-directed clients, including our AI powered capabilities. Our goal is to be the leader for clients that want to know omnichannel experience and those that may want limited inter interaction. Our AI investments are part of supporting both. We are investing in our marketing spend, which drives approximately 40% of new to firm retail clients. We are firing on all cylinders in AAS as our client satisfaction continues to be at all time highs. And we're working on a multi-year investment in our workplace business to grow it over the long term and increase the client base to whom we can introduce Schwab. We also advanced our efforts to deepen client relationships. First, we delivered several enhancements to our wealth offer. We rolled out retail alternatives to all eligible clients. We launched a discretionary option for clients within Schwab Wealth Advisory and we continue to enhance both Schwab Personalized Indexing and our Wasmer Schroeder offers. And just yesterday, we announced a strategic investment in Wealth.com. Wealth.com is a leader in digital estate planning. In addition to enhancing our estate planning capabilities and experience for clients, this investment is one part of our broader effort to provide more of an ecosystem for our RIA clients as we help them grow, compete and succeed. The wealth enhancements I've just described help us meet the full spectrum of our clients' needs while also bolstering the company's fee based revenue over time. Second, we expanded our trader offer with the delivery of a 24 by five trading capability on our thinkorswim platform. All of Schwab's retail clients can now trade 24 hours a day, five days a week in an expanded list of stocks and hundreds of additional ETFs. This capability comes with our specialized 24 hour service and support, as well as tailored education. Turning now to scale and efficiency. These are initiatives that benefit clients while allowing us to operate more efficiently, maintain our low cost to serve and reinvest in our growth initiatives. In the first quarter, we launched Schwab Knowledge Assistant for advisor services clients. We also just launched Schwab Intelligent Assistant for our international clients, leveraging a large language model to provide on-demand support and personalized assistance tailored to our international clients. We're continuing to invest in longer term efficiency initiatives, including a focus on removing paper from the system, which will make it easier on clients while also helping us to operate even more efficiently. Our third focus area is the brilliant basics. Our biggest opportunity for growth over the long term is delighting our clients in the everyday interactions they have with us so they entrust more of their financial life to Schwab. That means picking up the phone quickly, answering questions efficiently and providing intuitive digital experiences. In the first quarter, service levels were strong across the board. We continue to enhance our digital processes and our AAS easy score reached 93%. Finally, our fourth focus area is continuing to invest in our people. Our ability to serve our clients and fuel growth into the future comes down to our people. And we're continuing to optimize workflows as well as talent development and recognition programs that help us foster our unique culture of service. I want to wrap up with some comments on April and our outlook for the year. We are seeing record trading levels with our two highest trading days ever and high levels of engagement digitally and with our reps. We have been there during this period when our clients needed us most. Our technology has performed well, our service has been solid and our business metrics continue to perform well. We continue to track well to the financial scenario we outlined at the beginning of the year as Mike will expand upon shortly. The combination of a strong first quarter and robust activity in April has us off to a strong start in 2025. With Through Clients' Eyes as our guide, we're continuing to play offense by investing in focus areas that will drive both growth and efficiency while delighting our clients and supporting our employees. With continued innovation around client solutions, capabilities and experience, we are well positioned to accelerate profitable growth through the cycle. And with that, I will turn it over to Mike to share our financial picture.
Mike Verdeschi: Thanks, Rick. I'm looking forward to speaking with you all this morning about our strong start to 2025. To echo Rick, we saw solid growth across all fronts during the first quarter as we continued to meet the evolving needs of our growing client base. New account formation was approximately 1.2 million during the period, our highest total in several years. And momentum in net asset gathering continue to build with core NNA reaching $138 billion. Clients utilize the full breadth of Schwab's modern wealth management solutions during a period of increasing uncertainty across global markets, including 7.4 million daily average trades, record net inflows into our managed investing solutions and sustained growth in our bank lending products. This combination of organic growth and increased client utilization of our leading products and solutions resulted in year-over-year revenue and adjusted earnings growth of 18% and 41% respectively. Transactional cash levels continue to reflect normalized cash behaviors inclusive of organic growth, seasonality and investor sentiment. And we made additional progress on reducing the level of bank supplemental funding to approximately $38 billion, down more than 60% from peak levels. We increased the return of capital through the previously announced higher common stock dividend and stock buybacks in the first quarter, and our capital ratios finished [1.2], slightly above the upper end of our target range. Given the shifting macroeconomic backdrop to begin this year, there are plenty of moving pieces. So let's unpack some of the key factors influencing the first quarter. First quarter revenue increased 18% year-over-year to a record $5.6 billion, including double digit growth across all line items versus 1Q '24. The further reduction in higher cost bank supplemental funding drove sequential net interest margin expansion of 20 basis points, helping net interest revenue increase 21% year-over-year. Asset management and administration fees grew by 14% year-over-year to $1.5 billion for the quarter as robust asset gathering and sustained interest in Schwab's wealth and asset management solutions more than offset the impact of recent equity market declines. Building on the post-election momentum observed in late 2024, daily average trading volume increased significantly during the first three months of the year as investors navigated an increasingly uncertain and volatile market. This uptick in trading activity pushed trading revenue up 11% year-over-year while bank deposit account fees moved higher due to an improved net yield as a growing percentage of the balances have converted to the floating rate bucket. On expenses, adjusted expenses for the quarter were up 6% and 8% versus 4Q '24 and 1Q '24 respectively. This includes typical first quarter seasonality to start the year, which was accounted for within our full spending plan of 4.5% to 5.5% outlined during the January business update. We also began to make progress on a number of key focus areas for 2025, including investments to support sustainable organic growth and drive incremental scale and efficiency. This balanced approach to expense management has enabled us to drive expense on client assets down into the low double digits and improved cost per account by more than 20% and over the last decade. Strong top line growth plus balanced expense management generated a 46.2% adjusted pretax profit margin, representing over 500 basis points of expansion versus 1Q '24 and earnings per share of $1.04, a year-over-year increase of over 40%. Our first quarter financial results reflect the continued positive inflection in Schwab's earnings trajectory as well as the durability of our diversified model to deliver across a wide range of environments. While we plan to provide a more comprehensive update on our full year 2025 financial scenario at the summer business update in July, given all the moving pieces, we want to spend a few moments discussing what has changed since mid-January. We've seen sizable movements across three of the inputs to our financial scenario, including a lower expected future path of interest rates, lower equity markets and a sequential step-up in client trading activity as the market pulled back and volatility reemerged. In terms of rates, the outlook for 2025 remains dynamic with the forward curve moving between three to four 25 basis point cuts to the Fed's target rate versus the one cut assumed back in January for our financial scenario. At this point in time, these potential incremental cuts are expected to be mostly in the back half of the year. And under such a scenario, we still expect full year 2025 net interest margin to expand into the 2.55% to 2.65% range. We also could see average 4Q NIM contracted slightly from the level indicated in our January financial scenario. Of course, movements in the fold curve is nothing new and we'd expect it to continue to change as investors assess the shifting macroeconomic picture. And while the drivers of earnings are evolving with stronger cash levels and higher trading volumes versus lower equity markets and additional future rate cuts, the combination of our strong 1Q '25 results and diversified model has us currently tracking around the upper end of the full year scenario outlined at the winter business update in January, which implied earnings per share in the $4.10 to $4.20 range, excluding any impacts from buybacks. However, given the current backdrop, the key variables will likely continue to shift. And so we'll provide a more comprehensive update on our full year 2025 financial scenario at the next business update in July when we'll have a better view of how key trends are shaping up halfway through the year. Moving to our balance sheet. We continue to support our clients as their needs evolve through the quarter. Following the deleveraging in late February and early March, client margin balances at the broker dealer finished at $83.6 billion or essentially flat with year end 2024 levels. Bank loans grew with CAL balances increasing 9% versus 4Q '24. As expected, we saw the seasonal outflow in client transactional sweep cash to begin the year and then cash building slightly during February and March. This activity represents normal behavior in this type of environment as client redeployment of the 4Q cash build was offset by net equity selling as investors to exposure to risk assets. With another quarter of encouraging cash performance, we use the cash flows coming off of the securities portfolio plus some cash on hand to further reduce high cost supplemental funding at the banks. In terms of Q2, we still expect to see typical drawdown in client cash due to tax disbursement payments in April. And similar to past years, we expect this activity to impact both transactional sweep cash as well as other liquid cash alternatives, such as purchase money market funds. However, it is possible that a continuation of market volatility in this quarter could influence client cash allocations. Given the increasing uncertainty in today's environment, we're focusing on flexibility in managing the balance sheet to remain well positioned to navigate a wide range of potential outcomes. Some additional thoughts on bank supplemental funding. Following the $15 billion paydown during the fourth quarter, we reduced the balances by another $11.8 billion during the first quarter of '25, bringing the outstanding balance as of March 31st to $38.1 billion or down approximately 60% from the peak. As previously mentioned, we would not necessarily expect to reduce funding levels by the same magnitude every quarter. For example, sizable tax related outflows in 2Q will likely make it more challenging to replicate the level of paydown observed over the past two quarters. However, as we move forward, we still expect to make additional progress each quarter until the supplemental funding at the banks is reduced to a level consistent with our diversified long term funding profile. Finally, our capital levels finished the quarter slightly above the upper bound of the firm's adjusted Tier 1 leverage objective of 6.75% to 7%. The quarter-over-quarter build was primarily driven by earnings and the continued pull to par of unrealized marks with incremental benefit from the decline in interest rates. The ratio also reflects our common dividend and the $1.5 billion opportunistic share repurchase completed in connection with TD's secondary offering in mid-February. As we begin the second quarter, this strong capital position continues to provide flexibility ahead of the pending decision regarding our $2.5 billion Series G preferred that becomes redeemable later this quarter. Moving beyond the decision regarding the preferred, we expect to apply our familiar capital management framework as we prioritize maintaining capital to support the needs of our clients and the growth of our franchise while at the same time, making progress on reducing the amount of higher cost funding at the bank and returning capital in multiple forms as part of our through the cycle financial growth story. While there is more uncertainty today from a few months ago, we remain highly confident in our long term diversified model. For over five decades, our Through Clients' Eyes strategy has focused on meeting the needs of individual investors, either directly or by supporting the growth of independent advisors. The ways in which Schwab has met those needs has evolved over time, including expanding the available set of products, solutions and services. The broader set of capabilities, which spans wealth management, trading, banking, asset management and much more, helps us efficiently attract a wide range of investors, driving sustainable organic growth and allows us to deepen relationships with our clients as their needs change over time supporting greater revenue diversification through the cycle. At the same time, our scale and efficiency is a significant competitive advantage, enabling us to maintain key investments and flexibility to navigate various macroeconomic environments. Of course, our capabilities are also supported by our enhanced approach to the balance sheet where we expect incremental tailwinds moving forward. Not only does the balance sheet play a key role in deepening relationships with clients via lending, cash management and other activities but by further reducing outstanding high cost funding, we are able to expand NIM and increase the firm's earnings, therefore, supporting robust capital formation, which helps position us to further enhance stockholder value through the increased return of excess capital in 2025 and beyond. So to wrap up this morning, our ability to support clients through a period of increasing uncertainty helped sustain our strong momentum into 2025 and we plan to stay on offense, investing to support long term organic growth and importantly, to help ensure our best-in-class client experience continues to meet the evolving needs of individual investors and the advisors who serve them. In doing so, we also helped further strengthen our diversified model, enabling us to deliver durable financial results through the cycle. And with that, let's get on to Q&A. Jeff, back to you.
Jeff Edwards: Operator, can you please remind how they can ask a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.
Steven Chubak: So Rick, I did want to ask on the outlook for April. Admittedly, you and the team delivered a really strong set of results in 1Q but we've entered a very different operating environment to start 2Q. And I was hoping you could just speak to what you're seeing in terms of retail sentiment and how that's manifesting across different brokerage metrics, whether it's changes in transactional cash, margin balances and NNA?
Rick Wurster: April has brought levels of engagement that are historical for us. We saw our two highest trading days ever, the Friday before the pausing of the tariffs and then the day that we paused tariffs. We did 14 million trades and all-time record that day and so it's been very busy. I think we have been supporting clients through it all. We saw 500 million log-ins in the first quarter, an all-time record. That level of log-in pace has continued and actually accelerated into the start of the second quarter. So it's been a period of robust activity in a period where I think our model really sets itself apart. The ability for a client to call up and quickly get an answer to walk into a branch and talk to someone to talk with their advisor and know that Schwab stands behind them and supports that, this is a period where we shine. And we've seen the first part of April, 2 times to 3 times the level of new accounts being opening for two reasons. We think there are some clients that want to get into Schwab and buy the dip. And second, because we're seeing clients that want a fuller service model and want to be able to talk to someone who want the advice and guidance that we can bring to the table. So we're just seeing high levels of engagement, 40 times the consumption of our research that we typically see. In terms of what that translates to and some of the metrics that you described, in aggregate, we've seen a slight risk off tone from our investors in the first few weeks of April. And by that we've seen higher levels of cash growth than we would have expected in a month where we've got April tax payments due, some slight reduction in margin and net equity selling. But with $44 million in client accounts, we see a wide range of behavior, but that's how I'd sum it up in terms of overall client activity. I don't know, Mike, do you want to talk what that means for our diversified business model.
Mike Verdeschi: So when you think about the volume of transactions that we're seeing and even though you see some of that margin coming back a bit, the fact that we're picking up cash, the cash alone more than offsets the earnings impact of some of that margin coming off. So when you look at just the beginning of April, it continues to give us confidence about that earnings range that I provided, certainly the upper end of that range.
Operator: Next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: So I wanted to talk about NNA. Obviously, it accelerated throughout the quarter. You reiterated your confidence on the longer term guide. But as you think about this type of backdrop with more volatility, does that have any input in terms of the behavior and/or the growth outlook? And also, if you could -- you mentioned several positives around what gives you confidence around that? I guess if you could just highlight the one or two as to why it's accelerating now in the first half of this year?
Rick Wurster: There's a few things that have driven the acceleration of our NNA. First, as we shared previously, we expected NNA to accelerate the further and further we got away from the retail integration. And we saw retail NNA grow year-over-year by 50% as we're now further removed from the final Ameritrade integration. That's us deepening relationships with our legacy Ameritrade clients. That's those legacy Ameritrade clients learning a new platform and becoming comfortable with it and sharing not only have they become comfortable with it that they like it better than what they had before, because of all we have around the platform. So it's just a continuation of bringing the Ameritrade clients into Schwab and giving them the service, the breadth of our offering that we've given to all our Schwab clients. And we've seen a real acceleration, again, as we would have expected in the way Ameritrade clients are engaging. If you looked at most of last year, Ameritrade retail clients, legacy retail clients were roughly flat in terms of their M&A contribution. And as we move towards the end of the year and moved away from the integration, that inflected and it inflected even more so in the first quarter where we saw really robust NNA growth, not quite at the 5% level, plus level that we see from our Schwab retail clients but they got roughly halfway there, and that's terrific progress and we're excited to see that. And excited to see that the impact we're having and how much they're loving being on our platform. The retail Ameritrade clients was the place where we saw the greatest growth in retail client promoter scores at Schwab. So I think we're doing well there and that's part of the story. In turn, the second thing I'd point to is the environment on balance is generally beneficial to net new asset growth. We have seen both at Schwab and in particular, at Ameritrade among retail clients that volatility brings NNA. And let me put into perspective why that may have happened, particularly at Ameritrade. At Ameritrade, our share of wallet remains with legacy Ameritrade clients still at around 30%. At Schwab, it's well into the 50% plus range. And so those clients have money elsewhere. And when markets become more volatile and they want to be more active in markets, they're bringing money into Schwab. And what's great about that is we have such a big opportunity with Ameritrade clients to broaden the way we serve them to capture a greater share of their wallet and to be there, not just for their trading assets but to be there for their whole financial life, and that's one of the things I'm most excited about. And I'll just end by commenting on advisor services that we saw robust growth throughout the year and an acceleration of growth in advisory services throughout the year and into the year. And we just saw a continuation of that in the first quarter. It's in a really solid position. It grew, I believe, 19% year-over-year in terms of net new assets versus the first quarter of last year. It's just a continued solid growth story in advisor services. But the real uptick here was in retail as we move further away from the integration and continued to delight our Ameritrade clients as evidenced by their growing levels of satisfaction at Schwab.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: Can you talk about the build out that you mentioned in your prepared remarks on the branch network and the advisor base? I think you kind of indicated both these priorities. What sort of numbers are we talking about in terms of additions expected this year? And what level do you expect to end the branch network in the advisor base by year end? And ultimately, how important is this advisor base in terms of capturing the opportunity that you see for yourself in the wealth advisory services in your new alternative assets platform?
Rick Wurster: The branch network is critical to the success of our firm and an important part of our value proposition and what distinguishes us as a firm. We know that when we have a dedicated one-to-one relationship with a client, NNA goes up appreciably, client satisfaction goes up and their engagement and other solutions outside of just pure investing increases. They become bigger users of our wealth solutions and our bank capabilities. So we believe that one-to-one relationship is important. And importantly, it's critical to helping our clients achieve success in us helping us achieve our mission. We are in the business of championing our clients' financial goals and doing everything we can to help them get to where they want to be in their financial life, and that one-to-one relationship is so valuable. We expect to open up around 16 new branches this year. That's a large number of new branches for us, I think the most we've opened in many years. And that's a reflection of the importance of the role, the migration of wealth to different parts of the country where we think we have an opportunity to add more branches, the repositioning of some of our branches in some areas where money has moved in terms of where it's located within certain states and we want to be there for clients. And so we expect to grow roughly 250 new financial and wealth consultants during the year and we believe that will have a meaningful impact on our ability over the long term to grow net new assets. And it's not -- this is not just a 2025 story. You'll continue to see us invest in this in '26 and '27, because we think relationships are critical to our clients' success and critical to supporting our 5% to 7% organic growth rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Katz of TD Cowen.
Bill Katz: I just wanted to just maybe take a step back. Now that you're getting much closer in terms of normalizing the balance sheet in terms of paying down some of the higher cost deposits seems like client cash sorting has peaked for the cycle and your growth is accelerating and you ended the quarter slightly north of your capital ratio. So it sort of all begs the question of how are you thinking about balance sheet growth into the second half of this year or maybe 2026 with the thought of, is it time to start remixing the earning assets into more of a loan focus in terms of security based lending or residential mortgages? And does that sort of free up a more consistent capital return story as we look at it?
Mike Verdeschi: So as you highlight, as we think about the balance sheet this year. Yes, our focus continues to be managing balance sheet in the way that's going to meet our client needs, while at the same time, driving some of those broader objectives of bringing down the supplemental borrowings. And we feel very confident about the continued progress that we'll make over the course of the year. Of course, the -- our focus on supporting clients and their engagement with us. We've seen good take up in lending certainly in the bank, in our PAL product. We talked about the margin growth recently as well. And of course, that will vary based on the market dynamics. If you're heading for a lower rate environment, it's possible you could see more growth in the mortgage portfolio, we haven't seen as much there. But we're going to continue to manage the balance sheet in a way to support that lending activity. And of course, over time, as we pay down those supplemental borrowings, we have a securities portfolio that we will begin to roll and reinvest. And of course, the yield on that portfolio today is sub-2%. And so at least based on where the rates are today that would be accretive. So all those things continue to point to good earnings growth and the organic growth of capital. And that's why when we talk about capital and that framework we're confident in returning capital, whether it's through dividends. Of course, we have an important decision this quarter around the preferred security and whether we call that and then, of course, to be able to opportunistically return capital in the form of buybacks as well. So it's all part of the set of considerations. And again, we're going to continue to support that loan growth and those client needs.
Jeff Edwards: We're going to answer the question from the console. This one comes from Michael Cypress at Morgan Stanley. A question for Mike around risk exposure. Can you talk a little bit about how the firm manages exposure in a more volatile environment? Perhaps what steps are taking on the balance sheet, liquidity management, client exposures, et cetera?
Mike Verdeschi: So around risk exposures, we feel really good about how we're managing in this environment. We continue to support clients and their great engagement. And what's important is the capabilities that we've enhanced prior to this environment. You've heard we talked a lot about the balance sheet and the capabilities around the balance sheet. It's so important that we do that work in advance of markets that become more volatile. And you think about those risk strides liquidity, we've talked about funding diversification that we now have both at the bank and the nonbank. In capital, in terms of the strength of capital, we're growing that organically through strong earnings, but importantly too, the impact of interest rates on the investment portfolio and the variability that could create in the capital ratio. Keep in mind that our securities portfolio is much more weighted now towards HTM versus AFS. And what we do have in available for sale securities are short dated around two years. So even shocks in interest rates that balance sheet remains very resilient. And of course, an interest rate risk as well. We've enhanced some of our tools using simple interest rate swaps to help us reduce the sensitivity to lower rates. So enhanced capabilities, really helping us manage the balance sheet in a more efficient way and certainly protecting that safety and soundness in times of volatile periods. In terms of our broader exposure, we're not exposed to meaningful credit risk. I do want to touch on credit as well. Where we do lend, it is secured and our clients have strong credit profiles. For example, in real estate, our clients have very high FICO scores and they have high equity levels in those positions too. In other areas such as secured lending, we have high visibility into the securities they maintain with us. So overall, we remain very well disciplined and well positioned.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kyle Voigt with KBW.
Kyle Voigt: I just wanted to dig in a bit more to your alternative investments platform. You noted last week that the platform is now available to all retail clients with more than $5 million in household assets at Schwab, which would put them in the qualified purchaser bucket. However, there are also a range of alternative products that are available to credit investors as well. I just wanted to get some sense as to how many investment products are being offered on the platform today. How you expect that to grow over time, that number of products to grow over time? And whether you'd expect to be able to offer alternative investment products to accredited investors as well over time?
Rick Wurster: We want to meet clients' varied needs for alternatives in a range of ways and we have seen more innovation in the industry around making alternatives available to clients of any size. And you've seen combinations of public and private firms putting together products that trade like an exchange traded fund. And so I do think you'll see the ability for all investors to participate in the theme around alternatives. Our more recent effort around alternatives has been geared towards meeting the demand that we see among higher net worth clients and among our advisor clients to increasingly add alternatives to their portfolio. And we have made that available to our 5 million plus clients backed by a team of alternative experts that have expertise in both the asset class and the particular funds and can help clients decide whether it's right for them. But we -- our firm started to drive accessibility through investing in our country and to make it something that anyone regardless of what their wealth is could invest in, and I think we've been very successful at that. And I expect as these products innovate and launch that appeal to investors of all asset sizes, we're going to be at the front of the line helping that -- helping facilitate that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Devin Ryan with Citizens Bank.
Devin Ryan: Would love to just unpack the NIM commentary a bit on the year. I appreciate there's a lot of moving parts here and market expectations are kind of moving day-to-day. But just curious, does it imply faster supplemental pay down of transactional cash builds here with volatility, does it reflect changes in margin utilization? It just seems like the balance sheet is actually performing a bit better than we had modeled at least at the beginning of the year. So it would just be great to just get some thoughts on that. And then just also just more broadly, if Fed funds do drop faster than maybe the market baked in the year or some of the other areas in the model that might flex a bit?
Mike Verdeschi: Regarding NIM, we still feel good about the ability to expand NIM. And of course, the interest rate environment is evolving. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, when we came into the year in our financial scenario, we assumed one cut in May and now the market is as much as four cuts over the course of the year. So when you take some of the puts and takes here, you're right, the pickup in cash, we performed a little bit better in cash that's enabled a faster reduction of supplemental borrowings. Of course, that could continue over the course of the year, remains to be seen how the environment evolves. So that's a tailwind. Of course, the headwind is the fact that we are still asset sensitive and therefore, in a lower rate environment on those floating rate assets do reset lower. But putting that all together, we still feel very good about the ability to expand net interest margin over the course of the year and importantly, continue to grow earnings and we're growing them organically and building capital.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Budish with Barclays.
Ben Budish: I was wondering, Mike, if you could give a little bit more color on the cadence of OpEx growth over the course of the year. It sounds like there's no change at this point to your full year target but Q1 came in a little faster than expected. So how do we think about sort of the cadence of spend given the investments you're making in the advisor network and opening up more branches, and what does that sort of imply for the exit rate? I would assume next year is probably another investment and growth oriented year but operating leverage has always been part of the financial formula. So any color you can give there would be helpful.
Mike Verdeschi: So I talked about the -- I mean, first, just that full year earnings per share range, we feel very good about that range and in fact, the upper end of that range. When I think about expenses, yes, we do see an uptick in 1Q. I mean that is typical seasonality. Keep in mind that some of that cost also is higher volumes and higher volume related costs. But that is contemplated -- this kind of spend in the first quarter is contemplated in that full year range that we provided of 4.5% to 5.5% of expense growth. And again, we feel good about this expense growth even in this environment because we're investing in growth, we're investing in capabilities. We're going to do more for clients. While at the same time, we're investing in efficiency and that's going to ensure that we can maintain that low cost to serve and be able to continue to make progress in that area as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Rubin with UBS.
Ben Rubin: Another question here for Mike on the balance sheet. You paid down nearly $30 billion in supplemental funding over the past two quarters alone, which is encouraging to see. But in your prepared remarks, you spoke to achieving more funding diversity over the long term between sweep deposits, other products like brokered CDs, as well as potential third party arrangements. So just curious, how do you view the optimal mix across your different funding sources over the long term?
Mike Verdeschi: Funding diversification to me is just a basic capability that we want to maintain. But at the same time, that funding diversification is going to be done in a way is efficient and achieve the financial outcomes we want to achieve. Starting with the bank, yes, good progress in paying down that bank supplemental funding. And we're going to continue to make progress there. I think having some mix of secured and unsecured borrowings in the bank makes sense. How far do you bring that down, is it single digit billions or something in the teens, I think those levels make sense and we're going to continue to progress against that. I think in the nonbank, this is where you could have a mix of funding sources as well, where we have obviously, securities and financing those is a natural extension of that activity. So that diversification creates efficiency and it creates flexibility to meet the ongoing client needs. So that's how I think about that approach to funding diversification. And again, we're going to continue to progress the paydown of that bank supplemental funding over the course of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Brown with Wells Fargo Securities.
Mike Brown: So Schwab's historically taken a kind of cautious approach to the crypto ecosystem compared to some of your peers. Now that you have a new head of digital assets, I just wanted to check in and see if you have an update on how you're approaching the space and maybe how you foresee adding capabilities and offerings there.
Rick Wurster: First thing I'd say is we are doing well in crypto already today and doing well to me means a few things. First, we're seeing robust engagement with the existing crypto ETFs that can be bought in the marketplace, the closed end funds that we make available on our platform and Bitcoin futures, which are also available on our platform. So we do think we are a great destination for investors interested in crypto. And we've seen that in the level of new account growth and the level of engagement in our crypto site where we saw a 400% increase in traffic to it recently, 70% of whom were prospects and what that -- were not clients. And what that says to us is that as people in the industry are thinking about crypto, they'd love to work with a trusted brand and a firm that can bring them a lot of capabilities and we're that firm. So as we roll out more and more new capabilities, we're confident we will be a great destination for investors interested in crypto. Our expectation is that with the changing regulatory environment, we are hopeful and likely to be able to launch direct spot crypto and our goal is to do that in the next 12 months and we're on a great path to be able to do that. So we're excited about meeting our clients' crypto needs, we believe we are doing a lot of that today but we'll also add capabilities in the near term.
Jeff Edwards: Operator, it looks like I think we have time for one more question before we wrap up.
Operator: Our last question comes from David Smith with Truist Companies.
David Smith: You've got legacy TD customers to bring in NNAs now about half the pace of legacy Schwab when they just kind of been treading water at flat NNA about a year ago. Do you think you can get the other half of the gap closed over the next year or does it get incrementally tougher from here as the gap continues to close? And what are the big initiatives that you have today to keep that gap narrowing?
Rick Wurster: I fully I expect that we'll close the entire gap and at some point, possibly even see Ameritrade clients grow at a level above the Schwab rate, because we're consolidating their assets and growing our share of wallet with Ameritrade clients. What we're seeing from Ameritrade clients is that every quarter they spend with us their satisfaction grows, their level of engagement grows, their knowledge and understanding of the platform grows. And as a result, their net new assets have been growing. The way -- the analogy that I like to use for where we are with Ameritrade clients is it's like if you had been driving a BMW your whole life and one day, you went down in your garage and there was a Mercedes there, that first day, you would feel a bit of confusion. You wouldn't know how to turn on the radio. If it was raining, you'd have to figure out how to get the wipers on. And you'd have a little bit of angst about that transition, about the car being in there. And then, of course, over time, you get really comfortable with the new car and realize how much it can do for you. And that's where we are with our clients. They've made the transition. They're getting more and more comfortable with our platform. We are building relationships with them and we are winning their hearts and their wallets and supporting them in their financial journeys, in terms of what actions we're building and that's why we're leaning into our financial consultant growth. It starts with having the best trading platform in the industry and then surrounding that with a set of educational resources and training resources that have never been stronger than what we have today because of the combination of Schwab and Ameritrade. And it ends with having 1,000 trader professionals at Schwab that wake up every day with the sole purpose and mission of supporting our more active traders. And those active traders really value being able to work off the best platform in the industry. But then when they want to call someone and talk about a trade or how to think about something or how to do something, they love having 1,000 people who like them at Schwab that pick up the phones and want to help them. So I think we're right where we want to be on the -- right where we expected to be and right where we want to be on the journey with Ameritrade clients. And I couldn't be more optimistic about our years ahead with them as we serve them, support them, and I expect consolidate their assets as Schwab as they realize how much we can do for them. With that, why don't I -- I know we're out of time. So thank you for your questions and all your engagement this morning. And I want to leave you with just a few thoughts. We don't know exactly what's going to happen with policy or how markets will react to developments in the near term. All of those things are outside of our control. But what is in our control is maintaining our unwavering focus on serving our clients. We have been there for our clients during market ups and market downs for more than 50 years and they are turning to us now because we've earned their trust as a safe port in the storm. As we look ahead, our priority and our focus remains on serving our clients in all market environments and for the long term. We are in a position of strength today. And with our Through Clients' Eyes strategy as our guide, we believe our future is even brighter. Thank you for joining and thank you for your time.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-21 08:30:00) =====
Jeff Edwards: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Schwab's 2025 Winter Business Update. This is Jeff Edwards, Head of Investor Relations, and we're coming to you live from the frozen tundra of Westlake, Texas. I'm joined in the room today with a slightly different, but hopefully still very familiar group, President and now CEO, Rick Wurster, as well as our CFO, Mike Verdeschi. Hopefully, everyone has had an opportunity to review our strong results for the fourth quarter and full year 2024 that were posted earlier this morning. During our time together today, the team will take a look back at 2024 and discuss key drivers that helped us build momentum through the year, as well as highlight the opportunities they see to continue driving growth across the firm in 2025 and beyond. Before we dive into the good stuff, let's quickly run through a few housekeeping items. The slides for today's business update will be posted to the usual spot on the IR website at the end of the prepared remarks. During Q&A, please respect the "one question, no follow-up" rule. Though, as always, we encourage you to jump back into the queue to ask another question if time permits. And of course, the IR team is available to assist with any questions following today's update. Lastly, before we start, let's spend a minute on the ever important forward-looking statements page, which exists to remind us all that outcomes can differ from expectations, so please keep in touch with our disclosures. And with that, it looks like we're all set to begin. So, let me turn it over to Rick.
Rick Wurster: Thank you, Jeff. And hello, everyone. Welcome to the call. This is my first opportunity to speak with all of you in my new role. I'm very grateful to Walt, to Chuck, and the Board for entrusting me with this responsibility, and I know I have big shoes to fill. I love our company and the work we do for clients. And as you'll hear from me today, I couldn't be more excited about the opportunities we have in front of us. For the last 50 years, our purpose at Schwab has been to champion our clients' goals with passion and integrity, helping people invest and grow their wealth, whether investing directly or through an adviser. We've had a relentless focus on serving our clients and meeting their evolving needs across our retail, advisor services, and workplace businesses. I can assure you that our focus remains unchanged as we move into 2025 and beyond. I believe you should come away from this morning's discussion hearing three key messages. First, we delivered strong results across multiple measures in a transition year where we completed the largest integration in the history of the industry. The one word summary of our year quarter is growth. Net new assets growth was strong, up 20% for the year and 51% for the quarter. Total new brokerage accounts in 2024 were up 10% from the prior year. Revenue was up 4% for the year and up 20% over the fourth quarter of 2023. Fourth quarter earnings per share increased nearly 50% on an adjusted basis versus Q4. Clients were active. We had strong levels of trading activity, record engagement with our trading, coaching, and education, and record flows into our managed investing and lending solutions. Client promoter scores reached all-time highs for the firm. I'd also note that client cash grew in the fourth quarter and supplemental borrowing is down to $50 billion. Finally, we grew our capital ratios to our target levels. The second message I hope you take away is that with these strong results, momentum is continuing to build. We are in a position of strength and poised for liftoff in 2025. With integration behind us, we are focused on helping our clients while growing and deepening relationships. I'd highlight two points on client growth. First, we believe our NNA and account growth will accelerate in 2025 just as it did in 2024. As we move past the integration, we remain confident in our ability to progress back into our long-term 5% to 7% growth range. Second, we believe there is an opportunity to grow revenue by doing more for our existing 43 million client accounts in the areas of wealth, banking and trading. We also refer to this as win-win monetization. We have consistently demonstrated that when we have compelling Schwab capabilities, products and solutions for clients, our clients love to engage. Good examples are Wasmer, Schwab Wealth Advisory, and our lending solutions. And when you look at our traders, thinkorswim adoption is up over 60% year-over-year on desktop and mobile. As our clients engage, they achieve better outcomes and are more satisfied. We attract more of their assets and earn more revenue from the assets we do hold. NNA remains an important metric, and we are confident in our organic growth. And at the same time, we are also focused on new account growth, revenue on client assets, revenue growth and earnings growth. We expect strong growth for both revenue and earnings as we project our supplemental borrowing to diminish significantly in 2025 and our investments in deepening client relationships to continue to pay off. And we're poised for greater capital return during 2025. And the third message I hope you walk away with today is our future is bright. With a relentless focus on our clients, we are continuing to innovate with solutions, capabilities and experiences to meet clients' evolving needs, fueling our long-term profitable growth. 2024 was a strong year for markets, in part helped by the easing of rates by the Federal Reserve. Within Schwab, it was a year of client transitions as we successfully completed the largest brokerage conversion in the history of our industry. In total, through the integration, we welcomed over 17 million Ameritrade client accounts and brought nearly $2 trillion in assets to Schwab. We did so near flawlessly and with less client attrition than forecasted. It was also a year of leadership transitions where we executed on our long-standing and thoughtful succession planning. Through it all with "through client-size" as our guide, we delivered exceptional results across multiple measures. When we measure our growth, we look holistically at client growth, adoption and usage of our solutions and capabilities, as well as our financial growth. And 2024 was a year of robust growth across all major fronts. From a client perspective, we drove meaningful growth in NNA and new brokerage accounts in 2024 with good momentum into 2025. As you can see on the page, core NNA reached $367 billion for the year, up 20% over 2023. We attracted nearly $115 billion in NNA in the fourth quarter, up 51% from the prior year. We're more than a year out from the advisor services conversion, and we've seen NNA in that segment return to normalized growth levels. Within our retail segment, we're making progress in returning to normalized growth in NNA, as you would expect, only six months removed from the most complex part of the transition. Retail core NNA grew by over 50% versus the prior-year quarter and nearly 20% for the year. We are making solid progress in growing our relationships with legacy Ameritrade. Specifically, legacy Ameritrade NNA continues to increase, and these clients are engaging in advice and banking beyond our estimates, which is a positive sign for the future. And notably, Schwab clients are adopting the best of Ameritrade's offer. 25% of thinkorswim users are now legacy Schwab clients. This is exactly where we expected to be at this point past the integration, where legacy Ameritrade clients are now used to our platform, and we're building and deepening relationships. As this continues, we fully expect to return to our organic growth rate of 5% to 7%, and we are confident we'll see meaningful asset growth in 2025 that will bring us closer to these levels. The more time we spend with legacy Ameritrade clients, the more NNA they are bringing and the more they are engaging in our solutions. At the same time, we're continuing to deepen relationships with Schwab clients. It is an exciting time for our growth at Schwab. And it is important to emphasize, while NNA and account growth are important, we are also focused on other measures of growth for the firm. Clients continue to do more and more with us. This is a reflection of the trust they place in us, the success we are having in serving them, and an indicator of our ability to drive future profitable growth. In 2024, clients engaged strongly in our trading, wealth, and lending solutions. Daily average trades grew nearly 10% year-over-year. Managed investing net flows reached a record $55 billion in 2024, up nearly 70% over last year and 80% for the quarter. Our pledged asset line balances increased to $17 billion, up more than 25% year-over-year. These growth measures show we are broadening and deepening relationships with our clients, doing more to meet their evolving needs and helping them conduct more of their financial lives in one place with us. This is an important source of revenue growth for us in the future. And more importantly, it helps our clients achieve better financial outcomes for their families and for themselves. With meaningful client solutions growth, you can see on the page, we've also delivered growth in revenue and earnings. Fourth quarter total revenue was up 20% over the prior year and up 10% sequentially over the third quarter of 2024. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.01 for the fourth quarter, up 49% over the prior year and up 31% sequentially over Q3. Adjusted pre-tax margins came in at 46.6% for the fourth quarter and 42.5% for the full year, fueled by our revenue growth and disciplined expense management. As you can see with this holistic picture of our profitable growth, we are turning the page on our 2024 transition year in a position of strength. And we believe we are well positioned for liftoff in 2025 across the multiple measures I just discussed. There are several reasons for our confidence. First, we are a leader in the two fastest-growing segments in our industry, and we have a value proposition that we believe sets the standard for the industry. Second, our business fundamentals are healthy. Clients are clients are trading more, borrowing more and seeking more advised solutions. Third, our client base is diverse and growing across age groups and wealth segments. We are winning with RIAs of all sizes. We are attracting younger investors, with 33% of our new-to-firm retail households under the age of 30, and more than 50% under the age of 40. The percentage of new-to-firm retail households classified as trader is growing. And higher net-worth clients, who comprise 70% of our retail assets, continue to turn to Schwab for their more complex financial and wealth management needs. Fourth, with that backdrop and positive momentum, we're playing offense and leaning further into investments that will fuel our profitable growth across all measures. In combination, investments within our four strategic focus areas will help us serve our clients' evolving needs, make it easier for them to do business with us, and help us operate even more efficiently. Growing and deepening client relationships is our first focus area. Over the past couple of years, we've made investments in our trading, wealth and lending offers, and those efforts are paying off with the type of growth I've shared. In 2025, we'll make even more investments to deepen and expand relationships. We will hire hundreds of new financial consultants, and expand our physical branch network in a meaningful and thoughtful way in the year ahead. We're making incremental investments in marketing and advertising to raise awareness of Schwab among retail investors and advisors alike. We'll continue to enhance our capabilities and solutions for client segments with specific needs with investments in our trader offer, our wealth offer, and our ultra-high-net-worth capabilities for RIA and retail clients. This includes enhancing our alternative investment solutions and expanding our lending capabilities, as well as our tax, trust and estate tools. Our award-winning bank was purpose built for investors and helps us stand apart by offering among the lowest lending rates in the industry, FDIC insured cash, access to pledged asset lines in a day, and strong transactional capabilities. In combination with our fixed income and money fund capabilities, there is no better place for liquid assets than here at Schwab. We'll continue to invest in our industry-leading trader offer, including expanding 24/5 trading, launching spot crypto trading when and if regulations make it permissible, and continuing to invest in our trading, education and coaching, which is a key differentiator. In advisor services, we are adding support and capabilities for RIAs of all sizes while also helping new advisors transition to independence. And we'll continue our multiyear effort to introduce even more workplace clients to our investing and wealth management capabilities. Our second strategic focus area is creating value through scale and efficiency. In 2024, we captured 100% of the Ameritrade run rate expense synergies. We invested in new technologies and capabilities that help our employees do their jobs more efficiently. We increased usage of Schwab Knowledge Assistant by 90% in 2024, which is our AI technology supporting the efficiency of our service -- professionals. Through these efforts and others, we're able to drive down our cost per client account, which has decreased more than 25% in the last decade. On an inflation-adjusted basis, cost per account has decreased nearly 50%. This focus helps us keep costs low for our clients while also enabling us to invest in our highest priority growth opportunities. In 2025, these critical efforts will continue. We'll invest in continued process transformation and systems modernization. We'll continue to invest in AI and other technology to help employees across the firm do their jobs more efficiently. These efforts benefit our clients by making it easier to work with us, benefit our employees by making their jobs easier, and also free up expense capacity to fund our growth. Our third strategic focus area is delivering on the brilliant basics for our clients, which is one of the most effective ways we can build trust and nurture client loyalty. Simply put, we strive to make it easy for clients to work with us in every interaction, in every channel. And we delivered for clients in 2024, which you can see with our record client satisfaction scores. In 2025, delivering on the brilliant basics remains a top priority. Everything we do is oriented towards setting our client service and experience apart. Finally, we can't serve our clients without our highly engaged, dedicated employee base that provides our exceptional client service and experience. In 2025 and beyond, we'll continue to invest in our people to deliver the differentiated service that our clients value and that sets us apart. With a clear purpose and relentless focus on clients, it is an exciting time for Schwab. In 2024, we delivered strong growth across multiple measures during our transition year. With strong competitive positioning, healthy business fundamentals, and a growing and diverse client base, momentum is continuing to build. 2025 is a lift-off year. As we look to the long-term, we're confident our continued investments in innovation will drive client growth, solutions growth, and financial growth through the cycle. And with that, I will turn it over to Mike to share more detail on our financial picture.
Mike Verdeschi: Thank you, Rick. And I could not agree more about how exciting of a time it is for Schwab right now, both in terms of what the firm has accomplished during 2024 and the tremendous opportunity still ahead of us. As Rick mentioned, although 2024 was a year of transition, we were able to deliver meaningful growth across the firm. Investors opened over 4 million new accounts during the year and brought an increasing amount of assets to Schwab. Clients further deepened their relationships with us as they took advantage of the breadth of modern wealth solutions available on our platform. And we delivered strong revenue and earnings expansion over the course of the year. 2024 brought encouraging trends around transactional cash levels. Realignment activity continued to decelerate as we moved towards more business-as-usual client activity. At the same time, we made meaningful progress on reducing the level of bank supplemental funding to approximately $50 billion, down about 50% from peak levels. And our capital ratios increased within our targeted operating range. In summary, our success during 2024 enables us to enter this year with a lot of momentum, and we have a clear plan to drive meaningful business and financial growth in 2025 and beyond. Before we share some thoughts about the future, let's review our strong 2024 results. Revenue for 4Q totaled $5.3 billion, a year-over-year increase of 20% as we benefited from growth across all line items. The leveling-off of cash realignment activity, the continued reduction in higher cost bank supplemental funding and healthy margin balance growth helped 4Q net interest revenue increase 19% versus the prior year. While a second consecutive year of 20%-plus equity market appreciation, coupled with clients' increased utilization of our modern wealth solutions, pushed asset management and administration fees to a new record. 4Q trading revenue grew by 14% versus the fourth quarter of 2023, which benefited from a step-up in client trading volumes as investor sentiment improved further. While bank deposit account fees moved higher to an improved net yield as a growing percentage of the balances have converted to the floating rate bucket. Now, looking at expenses, fourth quarter adjusted expenses came in flat on both the sequential and year-over-year basis, helping full year 2024 adjusted expense growth to finish in line with our expectations of approximately 2%. During a transitional year, we continued to invest to drive growth and to enhance our client offering, while at the same time, drive incremental scale and efficiency. In all, the fourth quarter represented a strong finish to the year, with significant top-line growth plus expense discipline producing a quarterly adjusted pre-tax profit margin approaching 47% and adjusted earnings per share of $1.01 While 4Q EPS included $0.03 from certain items, exiting the year with a run rate of around $1 demonstrates the progress we made toward our financial objectives and sets the stage for strong growth in 2025 and beyond. Finally, the firm's full year financial results reflect the progress made across all aspects of the business during this past year. 2024 revenue reached $19.6 billion, up 4% year-over-year, which adjusted expense growth finished in line with expectations at approximately 2%, resulting in adjusted pre-tax margin expanding to 42.5% and earnings per share increasing to $3.25. Moving to our balance sheet. We continue to support our clients, with both margin and bank loans to clients up significantly during the year, including 34% growth in margin balances at the broker dealer and low-double-digit bank loan growth with an over $1 billion increase in PAL balances in the fourth quarter alone. We saw a continuation of the build in transactional sweep cash during the fourth quarter, including $25 billion of net inflows in December. This strong seasonal inflow during the last month of the year is consistent with the historical trends. And if history remains a guide, we would anticipate much of this seasonal build to flow back out into the markets during the first couple of months of 2025. The combination of the principal and interest coming off of the securities portfolio plus the cash inflow on the full quarter enabled us to reduce high cost supplemental funding at the banks. Double-clicking into our progress on reducing bank supplemental funding, following the $15 billion paydown during the fourth quarter, we have now cut the level of higher cost supplemental funding in half from its peak level in May 2023. Due to a range of factors, including typical seasonality, we would not necessarily expect to reduce funding levels by the same magnitude every quarter, however, as we move forward, we do expect to make additional progress each quarter until the supplemental funding at the banks is reduced to a level consistent with our diversified long-term funding profile. Finally, our capital levels moved to within the adjusted Tier 1 leverage objective of 6.75% to 7%. It is important to note the continued build of capital driven by our strong earnings as well as accretion of unrealized marks, even while long-term rates moved higher during the quarter. In 4Q, the pull to par of those unrealized marks alone offset the capital impact of the sharp rise in interest rates across the curve. Shifting the focus to 2025, we expect our momentum from 2024 to carry over into this year, with strong client growth and deeper relationships as we continue to meet the evolving needs of individual investors and the advisors who serve them. We expect this will translate into meaningful and diversified financial growth as well. As is the case in any year, our financial outcomes will be influenced by a range of factors, including the path of interest rates, equity market performance, as well as client engagement and activity levels. Therefore, our 2025 financial scenario is grounded in several key macroeconomic assumptions: we include one 25-basis-point cut to the Fed's target rate, bringing the upper bound to 4.25% by the end of 2025; equity market returns consistent with the long-term average of 6.5%; and client trading activity and mix remaining generally in-line with 4Q '24 levels. Against this type of macro backdrop, we would expect total revenue growth of 13% to 15% in 2025. This scenario also results in continued reduction of bank supplemental funding, full year net interest margin of 2.55% to 2.65%, with average 4Q 2025 NIM expanding through the 2.8% level. Also, full year 2025 interest-earning assets are expected to decline slightly year-over-year as we prioritize the continued paydown of higher cost supplemental funding at the banks. From a 2025 expense perspective, we still anticipate mid-single-digit growth relative to 2024 or somewhere within the 4.5% to 5.5% range. In terms of expense planning for the year, as Rick outlined earlier, we are playing offense and taking steps to further accelerate client, solution and financial growth. Therefore, we have aligned our spending plan to our key strategic initiatives with a significant portion earmarked for growth, including hiring FCs and other client-facing personnel, expanding the breadth of solutions we offer investors, as well as leaning into targeted marketing and advertising initiatives. Beyond growth, we are also continuing to invest in our firm scale and efficiency, which offers both near- and long-term benefits. And we will keep investing in other key fundamentals, such as continuing to advance our technology stack and, of course, our people who are foundational in driving our best-in-class service experience. One reminder on expenses, we'd expect outlays during the year to remain generally consistent with the historical cadence, with slightly higher levels in the first quarter due to typical seasonal factors. So, bringing this all together, the combination of strong top-line growth and balanced expense management implies healthy margin expansion into the upper 40%s, with fourth quarter adjusted pre-tax margins approaching 50%. If you follow the math all the way down to the bottom-line, this full year scenario implies potential adjusted earnings in the $4.10 to $4.20 area, which would represent year-over-year earnings growth of around 25% to 30%. While rates, client activity and other variables may differ from our financial scenario, we are confident in our ability to drive strong financial outcomes across a range of environments. Before we move away from the scenario, we thought it might be helpful to provide a set of static revenue sensitivities based on year-end 2024 levels in an effort to help you adjust estimates and shape your own view around 2025. Please don't hesitate to reach out to the IR team with any questions about these sensitivities or certain underlying assumptions for the 2025 financial scenario. As mentioned, now that we have moved to within our adjusted Tier 1 operating range, we expect to pivot and begin to look across our capital framework. To many of you, this will be a familiar framework. As always, our top capital priority is to support long-term business growth. To the extent we have excess capital beyond our needs, we have sought throughout our history to return to stockholders through a variety of means, including our common dividend, which historically has risen alongside GAAP earnings, preferred security redemptions considering costs and an optimized equity funding mix, as well as opportunistic stock buybacks. As I noted back in October, in the very near-term, there's another consideration, our continued progress on further reducing bank supplemental funding. To the extent we continue to make the expected progress on our key financial objectives, it is reasonable to believe we will commence various forms of capital return over the course of 2025. As excited as we are about 2025, we do not view this current year as our final destination. With our long-term diversified model intact, we are equally enthusiastic about the tremendous long-term opportunity in front of us. Given our attractive value proposition and leadership position within the two fastest-growing segments of the U.S. wealth market, we expect to generate healthy organic account and asset growth as we serve an increasing number of investors with our suite of modern wealth management solutions across advice, lending, trading and asset management. This enables us to deepen client relationships while further diversifying our revenues. And of course, we continue to invest to support our long-term growth trajectory, while at the same time, driving enhanced scale and efficiency, which helps to further enhance our leading cost to serve. This combination of diversified revenue growth and disciplined expense management positions us to drive incremental margin expansion through the cycle. Guided by our balance sheet principles, we'll maintain the resources needed to support client growth while returning excess capital to shareholders inclusive of opportunistic buybacks. To wrap up, during a transitional year, we achieved significant progress on all fronts in 2024, client base, product and solution set and financial results. This momentum has carried over into 2025 and helps position us for further substantial growth in the year ahead. And importantly, our confidence regarding 2025 stems from the durability of our model, meaning we can drive strong year-over-year financial growth across a wide range of environments and with the key components of our diversified financial model intact: healthy organic growth, deepening client relationships and, therefore, revenue from multiple sources, expense discipline and efficient deployment of the firm's capital and liquidity. We have a tremendous opportunity to continue to meet the evolving needs of our clients and deliver profitable growth through the cycle. With that, Jeff, I'll hand it back to you.
Jeff Edwards: Thank you, Rick and Mike. Operator, can you please open up the line and remind everyone how they can ask a question?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Steve Chubak with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steve Chubak: Hi. Good morning, Rick. Good morning, Mike. So, wanted to start with a question on the NNA target. So, Rick, you noted RIA is delivering organic growth in line with the target range. You're seeing some recovery or normalization of retail flows. And just looking at the results this year, RIA hit 5%, retail was closer to 3.5%. Just given RIA is only at the lower end of that target range, the gap in retail is still fairly wide. Why is that 5% to 7% still the appropriate NNA target? And it might be helpful if you could just unpack some of the building blocks supporting the closure of that gap.
Rick Wurster: Steven, thanks for the question. I'll highlight a couple of points about our growth. The first thing is, this is where we expected to be following a historically large integration. We moved a quarter of our assets, nearly 50% of our brokerage accounts, we moved them from one experience to a completely different experience. And I think what you're noting in those numbers is a reflection of the fact that we have gone from negative flows with our Ameritrade clients as we expected some outflows at the beginning of the integration, towards slightly positive to more and more positive. And importantly, we're also seeing as we engage with these Ameritrade clients, that they are doing more and more business with us. In fact, roughly a third of the flows into our solutions were driven by Ameritrade clients. So, we're exactly where we thought we would be in this transition, which is taking a set of clients from -- that represent half of our brokerage accounts, from one experience to a different experience, getting them used to that, getting them comfortable with that, and importantly, building a relationship with those clients so they have the same trust and confidence that they had in the firm they worked with for years, that they have with Schwab. And that is paying off, and we're seeing growth of that group accelerate. And the reason that's so important, Steven, is because when we look broadly at our Schwab clients, our growth is consistent with the historical range we've talked about. So, it's really going to be important that we nail it for these Ameritrade clients. We are investing in more and more relationships and more in our physical footprint because we think that will help accelerate the building of trust between us and some of those legacy clients. Lastly, I would encourage investors to think about our growth picture broadly. We're not stepping away from our NNA historical range in any way. We continue to know how important that is and critical to the success and growth of our firm. At the same time, I really think it's important to broaden how we think about Schwab's growth. We have an enormous growth platform in front of us, serving the 43 million client accounts that we have -- actually 44 million client accounts that we have today, serving those more deeply. To me, it's a little bit akin to what Apple has done outside of the iPhone growth. They've found many, many ways to grow with their existing client base. And to me, we're in the exact same spot, with a multitude of ways we can help clients, whether it's helping them in the bull market for advice that exists, whether it's helping them meet their lending solutions where we lend to only a fraction of the clients at our firm and we could be doing more and we built and progress towards being able to do more. There's opportunities for us in trading. There's opportunities for us to support RIAs in tax, trust and estate like services. So, there is just a plethora of ways we can do more for our existing 44 million client accounts. So, I think it's really important, when you think about our growth, to think about both of those, getting to the 5% to 7%, which we expect to, and growing more broadly with our 44 million client accounts.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Worthington: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to maybe dig into the alternative buildout for retail and the program that you're trying to build together. I think part of the plan was to begin launching alts for part of the retail customer base last quarter. So, what does Schwab currently offer for retail clients in alternatives today? How do you see the timetable for that buildout? And I know that the RIAs have access to alts already, but you do have more curated programs, like INTF, that could be impactful. What are your aspirations for alts on the advisor side?
Rick Wurster: Thanks for the question, Ken. Let me start by putting the retail alternatives launch into context. It is a really important part of our offering for high net worth and ultra-high net worth clients, an area where we are doing really well with clients and continue to broaden out how we serve them and what we can offer to them, to make sure that our offer for those clients continues to be the strongest in the industry. In October, we launched alternatives to a very limited group of clients. We will launch in the first half of this year much more broadly to our retail client base. In terms of what that offer entails, we have five or six different categories of alternatives that we're making available. That includes private equity, private credit, hedge funds, long/short and exchange funds, which allow you to exchange a concentrated position for a diversified portfolio. That's roughly the range of alts that we'll have. With each of those categories, we'll start with somewhere between one and three offerings within each of those categories. That will grow over time and the menu will broaden. Standing behind each of those categories, we've hired a team of alternative specialists that are available to spend time with our clients to help them answer their questions and to make sure they find their way to the investment that's most suitable for them and their goals and objectives, working with our financial consultants. In terms of the timetable, I think I highlighted it, first half of this year, we should be fully launched in retail. That's our expectation. As it relates to advisor services, there's lots of opportunities for there as well. As you mentioned, our advisor clients do custody a fair amount of alternative assets with us, and we also have different alternatives programs that we make available here at Schwab. I think the opportunity going forward is for us to be -- offer a more curated set of alternatives to our advisors and to be bringing them to those advisor clients as opposed to primarily being in a position of just custodying the assets. The reason that's important is that we can help our advisors find suitable alternatives, and at the same time, it's beneficial to our economics to be -- to offer that to our advisor clients. So, I think alts is a growing area for the industry, an area where we now see ourselves being quite competitive, and an area where we are bolstering our ability to be the leading place for high net worth and ultra-high net worth investors in our country.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brennan Hawken with UBS. Your line is open.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Mike, you spoke to capital returns increasing here in 2025, particularly given the adjusted leverage ratio inside your targeted range. Could you speak specifically to appetite if we end up seeing TD? TD has sort of made some public comments about their stake. And if they come to market, the appetite and ability to participate in any kind of secondary from a large [owner] (ph)? Thank you.
Mike Verdeschi: Hi, Brennan. Thank you for the question. And, again, not much I would say on this topic, for obvious reasons. And hard to comment in any definitive way on that, but if you look back at history at similar types of situations when we're given the appropriate time and opportunity to evaluate, this tends to be a situation we like to be part of. But again, I won't go beyond that at this point. We feel very good about the progress we've made broadly. And as you note, we are building capital, and we are now in that targeted operating range. Thank you for the question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. Mike, I was hoping you could talk about client cash trends. We obviously saw the normal seasonality in December. And as I think you said in your prepared remarks, expect some of that to go back in as we start the year here. But as you look beyond the first couple of months, how are you thinking about client cash levels? And do you think the cash holding is still a theme here as we think about 2025 more broadly?
Mike Verdeschi: Thank you for the question. Really based on everything we've seen over the past couple of quarters, would be suggestive that we're entering that more normalized environment for client cash. If you just go back to the previous year, the first half of the year was really that continued normalization of realignment. And of course, the second half of the year, we did see two consecutive quarters of cash growth. And while that December number reflects seasonality, again, more indicative of that normalized environment, I think as you go forward, I think of that deposit level, of course, in part being influenced by new account growth. Of course, there will be other macroeconomic variables like the role of central banks as well impacting levels of liquidity in the system, but I do think we are in that more normalized environment at this time. Of course, as we've always seen month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter, you will see impacts of seasonality, but again, I would suggest we are in that more normalized environment, that's -- we're encouraged by the last couple of quarters.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning, folks. Maybe just to back -- maybe tie two questions together, just on the deposit formation, just the question you just answered, Mike. Maybe just -- what you envision as the organic contributor to that deposit formation given the efforts and the focus on generating greater NNA this year? And then, do you think you can get back to that 5% level at some point this year? I know the 5% to 7% is sort of the long-term target, but just looking at the development with that and the new products you're offering, including the alts platform, do you think you can get back to that 5% range, say, sometime as early as the second half?
Mike Verdeschi: Hi. Thanks for the question. It's Mike. I'll take the first part of that and then Rick can pick up the second part of that question. Again, we're encouraged by the trends we're seeing in deposits, two consecutive quarters of growth. And as I highlighted, I think the account growth that we've seen historically really is associated with that new account openings. And the portion of assets that come to us that's in the form of cash. And of course, there could be a percentage that's off-balance sheet versus on-balance sheet. But again, we're seeing indicators that the realignment activity has certainly has decelerated last year, and we're looking at that new account formation now being the driver of that cash. And keep in mind, it's been a long time since the Fed had hiked rates previously. Of course, the Fed began lowering rates at the back end of the year. And so, we think, again, that's represents a lower propensity to realign. So again, encouraging trends.
Rick Wurster: And Brian, I'll take the part on NNA and highlight two things. First, we expect to make progress this year. So, we finished the year at 4.3% for the year in terms of percentages. We expect that to be higher in 2025. We are also confident that over the long run, 5% to 7% remains the right number. And our goal this year is to make progress towards that, for all the reasons that I mentioned earlier.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Smith with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
David Smith: Good morning. Back on the topic of the buyback, can you give us a sense of how low supplemental funding has to get before you can resume that? And on a related note, is there an upper bound that you see to the adjusted AOCI above which just you would feel compelled to repurchase shares?
Mike Verdeschi: David, in terms of the supplemental borrowings, again, we saw very good progress in the reduction in the quarter. Again, that is a combination of the cash that came in over the course of the quarter as well as, of course, the principal and interest proceeds coming off of the investment portfolio. So, as I look out over the course of the year, we expect to make that steady progress in reducing that supplemental funding consistently. And I think -- what I would ask you to keep in mind is that we don't intend to bring supplemental funding down to zero. We want to see continued progress, but for the purpose of good liquidity management practices, we do want to keep funding diversification in place. We'll bring that bank supplemental funding down to minimum levels, but we want to keep that operational. We want to keep that flexibility. That's consistent with good, sound liquidity management. So, I don't look at that as a gating factor over the course of the year necessarily. We want to see that progress. But again, the endpoint is certainly not zero.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Budish with Barclays. Your line is open.
Ben Budish: Hi. Good morning, and thank you for taking the question. I wanted to just ask about the OpEx growth for next year. I think there's a couple of one-time items in 2024. I was under the impression there would be a little bit of expense synergies that will still be incremental going into next year. And the mid-single-digit sort of number feels a little bit more in line. I know there's some other factors too, like some of the exchange fees around trading volumes, but just curious if there's anything else going on. Any other sort of like one-time items to think about? And how you would compare next year's guide in the context of your sort of longer-term financial formula? Thank you.
Mike Verdeschi: Thank you. So, for that expense, we talked about mid-single-digits at 4.5% to 5.5%. We feel very good about that range. Again, we're in a position where we want to invest in growth. We want to invest the solutions and the capabilities that we're providing to clients. And importantly, we're also investing in that efficiency. And again, that is going to enable us to recycle that efficiency and to continue to grow, while at the same time, ensuring that we're maintaining that low cost to serve, while at the same time achieving our financial outcomes. I don't think there's anything too substantial in that range that really, when I look at that range, I'm thinking about that combination of investing in our growth, while at the same time, maintaining that discipline. Certainly, you did see some of a pickup given the volumes. So, of course, that is incorporated into that expense number. And of course, with the back end of the year with the continued good engagement and, certainly, what we're expecting this year, that continued engagement, that we'll see that as a component of the spend for 2025 as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Katz with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you very much, and congrats again both you guys on your new positions, again. Just sticking with the balance sheet for a moment. I think you mentioned it's going to be about flattish year-on-year. Can you talk to us through a little bit in terms of the ins and outs, and how you sort of see it? I think on the prior management, there was sort of a conversation about potentially shrinking the balance sheet longer term. Just wondering how we should be thinking about that once you get on the other side of the supplemental reduction. And is this just a replacement opportunity of migrating down from securities into bank loans? And how should we think about maybe the long-term opportunity for NIM? Thank you.
Mike Verdeschi: Bill, thank you. First of all, when I think about the balance sheet over the course of 2025, again, that balance sheet is going to be a reflection of how our clients engage us. And of course, we've been very focused on meeting their evolving needs. We've seen good momentum in margin lending, good momentum in our bank offerings as well. So, we do believe, over the course of the year, we're going to see a reflection of that activity. Of course -- and we're also expecting to see that improved liability mix. Again, very focused on bringing down the supplemental borrowings. We're seeing that realignment. We're away from that stabilization to back to a more normalized environment. So, I think that's at the core of how I see the balance sheet evolving. When I think about the comments about the balance sheet size, just taking a step back. Again, we are a growth firm. We are focused on growth and meeting the evolving needs of our clients. That bank platform, as Rick mentioned earlier, that's an important platform for achieving our strategic objectives. So, we're going to grow client loans, we're going to meet those needs. Of course, there's a part of that balance sheet, the supplemental borrowings, that we are bringing down with intent. But might you find yourself in a situation one day, again, going back a few years where lots of liquidity is coming into the system, might you want to have the tactical flexibility to move some liquidity off balance sheet if it made sense for clients, if it made sense for the economics, that might be a capability that would give us some flexibility. But again, our strategy is growth. I think what that capability does of moving more liquidity off balance sheet, it just gives you flexibility to operate across a range of environments.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Devin Ryan with Citizens JMP. Your line is open.
Devin Ryan: Great. Good morning, Rick and Mike. Thanks for the update. So, a question on spot crypto. Obviously, fast-growing part the market, high percentage of trading revenue for some other brokerages. And I know Schwab clients currently have access to ETFs and some other proxies. But how are you guys thinking about the incremental opportunity for Schwab? Do you have any sense of the demand that you can frame for us? And then, from a timing perspective, what are you currently expecting? And are you ready to move forward once there is a green light or some sign that you can do this? Thank you.
Rick Wurster: Devin, thanks for the question on crypto. We're doing really well in crypto. We have a lot of ways to meet our clients' needs. ETFs, the crypto ETFs have really grown on our platform. You can buy futures, you can invest in a variety of closed-end funds and different products that will meet clients' needs. We have a crypto site that we attract clients to. And in fact, in the fourth quarter, we had a 400% increase in the number of visitors to our crypto site. 70% of those visitors were prospects. So, it just shows you that when investors in the marketplace are thinking about crypto, they want to be able to work with Schwab, and I think those numbers reflect that. We had a 200% increase in new account applications tied into clients that came to our crypto site. So, we're doing a lot for clients in this space today. We do want to have the ability to offer spot crypto. And our expectation is that at some point the regulations around crypto are going to allow us to do that. And when we do, we expect to launch not long after. So, from a timing perspective, some of that -- it will depend, one, on when that regulation is changed, and two, when we're ready to go, but our expectation would be it would be sometime in 2025. And we're excited to be in the marketplace because we think clients will want to hold crypto at Schwab because it's a place they can trust, it's a place where they do a lot of business. And we think that will drive clients to crypto, just as it did in the fourth quarter with a 400% increase in the number of clients hitting on our crypto sites. So, we think we're well positioned in this space.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Alex Blostein: Hey, good morning. Thank you for the question. Could you guys spend a minute on your securities portfolio strategy as you roll through 2025? I guess, maybe just a reminder how much principal and interest you expect the securities portfolio to generate? And ultimately, how do you expect that to flow down either to paying down supplemental borrowings? And I guess, at what point do you feel like you could start to reinvest back in the securities portfolio? Thanks.
Mike Verdeschi: Thank you. So, I would say on the quarter, we've been around that $10 billion range for the principal and interest coming off of the portfolio and, as we highlighted, being used to pay down the supplemental borrowings. And so, over the course of the year, that is going to be a priority for the continued use of those proceeds to pay down those borrowings, make continued progress there. Again, in this environment now where rates seemingly at least the latest forwards are indicating that perhaps the Fed target rate won't come down as much as perhaps was contemplated at some point last year. At some point in the future, we would be in a position where we're reinvesting in that portfolio. Again, the near-term though, we're going to be very focused on paying down the supplemental borrowings. Longer term, I would say that allocation, similar to what we've done in the past, we're going to stay in highly liquid, high-credit quality, treasuries, agencies. And I've talked about how we think about the range of that duration of that portfolio also operating in a range that really contemplates the composition of liability. So, I think we're in a real good position to continue to use those proceeds to pay down supplemental. And then, over time, investing -- reinvesting in that securities portfolio, which at these levels in market rates would be much more accretive than what the yields are today in that portfolio.
Jeff Edwards: Operator, I think we have time for one final question.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Kyle Voigt with KBW. Your line is open.
Kyle Voigt: Hi, good morning. Mike, maybe I can just ask another follow-up on the securities portfolio. Just wondering if you could provide some updated thoughts on the potential for securities repositioning. Does the recent positive trajectory on sweep cash balances, lower supplemental funding and the current reinvestment rate levels with yields moving higher make this a more attractive option now than even compared to a quarter ago? And given the progress you've made with the balance sheet already, could you just outline any remaining concerns with potentially executing this in 2025?
Mike Verdeschi: Thank you for the question. As we've talked about in the past with the securities portfolio, we're just very mindful of doing something that creates headlines and disrupts the trust that we have with our -- that our clients have in us. So, we've been reluctant to do that at this time. That being said, we're keeping a close eye on that portfolio and its performance. Restructuring is not something we're taking off the table. We do evaluate that. But I think you raised an important point, which is, if you think about the proceeds of a portfolio sale, how might you use that? One of our priorities is to continue to make progress on the reduction of supplemental borrowings. And we are making that progress just after the principal and interest payments, and certainly, alongside cash stabilization. So, that is an important consideration. And of course, we're mindful of the level of rates in the marketplace as well and what the trajectory of that rate market may look like over the course of the year. So, I think at this point, we feel good about the strategy that is unfolding.
Rick Wurster: Thanks, Mike, and thanks to all of you for your questions. Thank you for your engagement. I'd like to wrap up where I started. It's an exciting time for Schwab. We delivered strong growth across multiple measures in 2024. We are in a position of strength and poised for lift-off into 2025. And it is full steam ahead as we focus on serving our clients and accelerating our profitable and holistic growth for the long term and through the cycle. Thank you all for joining us. I hope you all have a good day. Take care.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-15 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Schwabs 2024 Fall Business Update. This is Jeff Edwards, Head of Investor Relations, and Im joined today by a slightly larger contingent of esteemed presenters, including Co-Chairman and CEO, Walt Bettinger; President, Rick Wurster; new CFO, Mike Verdeschi; and Managing Director, Peter Crawford. Today is certainly a little bittersweet as the team is certainly excited to provide their perspectives about all the exciting things happening at Schwab right now. But, today also marks the final business update for Walt and Peter. I dont believe Im going too far out on a limb to say that we are all going to miss having both of them in the room with us each quarter, especially Walt, who has helped set the energy and pace for these business updates for well over a decade and a half. Im certainly going to reach out to Mr. Fowler to see if hes still planning on hosting quarterly business update watch parties for those former Schwabis who are interested in joining from his undisclosed location. Given the larger group today, we should have a familiar, but slightly different cadence to the session. Walt will kick things off with some opening remarks and then he and Rick, who will be stepping into the CEO role coming January, will provide insights around our clients and overall strategic picture. And, then given the recent CFO transition at the beginning of the month, we thought it made sense to allocate the financial update between Peter, who will focus on 3Q results and Mike, who will touch on our thinking as we enter the final stretch for 2024. And, then this time around, we will save a few extra minutes at the end for some closing remarks from Walt. Some quick housekeeping reminders. The slides for todays business update will be posted to their usual spot on the IR website at the end of the prepared remarks. Q&A remains structured as the one question, no follow ups, and lets be mindful of those multi-part questions that we certainly encourage anyone to re-enter the queue if another question comes to mind. And as always, please dont hesitate to follow-up with IR with any additional questions. And finally, the thread that links us all together through the years, the eternal wall of words regarding our forward-looking statements, reminding us that the future is indeed uncertain, so please stay in touch with our disclosures. And with that, Walt, please start us off.
Walter W. Bettinger: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us for our October business update. Ive had the honor of speaking with all of you at these updates dating back to 2005, when I assumed responsibility for our Investor Services or Retail Business. Of course, as Jeff indicated going forward in my role as Executive Co-Chair, I wont be participating in these calls. So, I want to take a moment and thank all of you for your interest, your thoughtful questions as well as the insights you shared with me over the years. Through all the ups and downs that changing economic and competitive environments lead to, Ive always respected your professionalism and integrity. So, thank you. So, lets go ahead and dive right into our discussion. The third quarter was an important quarter for us during this transition year. Some might refer to it as an inflection point, although only time will tell on that perspective. Nevertheless, Rick, Peter, Mike and I have a series of positive developments to share with you today. In the quarter, we made strong progress across virtually all key areas. Former Ameritrade clients are continuing to generate positive net new assets. Thats the second quarter in a row. Our clients are growing transactional sweep cash balances. Weve made meaningful progress in paying down supplemental funding. Were experiencing ongoing strengthening in firm-wide net new assets. Clients are enrolling into our retail advisory solutions at record levels. All these facts, along with other key metrics, illustrate the health of the franchise and fuel our solid optimism for the future. The third quarter did see some choppiness in the markets. Overall, our clients remain solidly engaged, and we continue to make progress on key areas of focus across the firm, which Rick will spend some more time on. I think at this point, any questions about our long-term growth trajectory should seemingly be fading. During the quarter, inflation eased and as the Fed began to lower interest rates, equity markets responded by reaching all-time highs. Investor sentiment remained bullish during the quarter. Overall trading activity was solid, including some modest softening late in the quarter as our traders digested the future of rates as well as an equity market at all-time highs. Client engagement was quite healthy across our full spectrum of capabilities, whether itd be trading, banking services, advisory solutions, custody for RIAs, as well as asset management. For the quarter, trades were up about 4% from the prior quarter, while margin balances grew over $1 billion to end at $73 billion. Managed investing or retail advisory flows broke another record totaling $15 billion during the third quarter. Net new assets were also quite strong during what is sometimes a slower quarter given that the summer months are included. Net new assets more than doubled from the third quarter of last year, as former Ameritrade clients continued to generate positive, albeit still modest net asset flows. And, during the quarter, clients entrusted us with almost 1 million new brokerage accounts. Slide 9 here is particularly important for those who track our net new assets closely and have been trying to ascertain our progress back to our long-term track record of 5% to 7% organic growth. When we acquired Ameritrade, we recognized that we would be benefiting from a one-time large lift in client assets, but along with it would be the noise of attrition that we estimated at 5% to 6% of assets ultimately applied to nearly a $2 trillion client base. What we saw during the third quarter as more of that attrition faded into the rear view mirror was that year-to-date net new assets for this year crossed over the trajectory of net new assets in 2023. We all know that net new asset levels can be fickle as multiple factors influence them, from investor sentiment to market performance, interest rates and even the level of promotional cash for assets temporarily offered by some competitors. But, when we dig through the various factors that do influence net new assets, we remain quite confident in our plans to build our way back to our historical ranges. This confidence is further supported by the response from former Ameritrade clients. As these clients become more familiar with the Schwab platforms and service experience, we are seeing an increase in client promoter scores or client satisfaction, whether it be retail or RIA clients. Their engagement across the business in our various solutions is further evidence of the success of the integration. And, consistent with our best of both approach to the Ameritrade integration, Legacy Schwab clients are now taking advantage of the thinkorswim trading platform at a robust level. Consistent with prior years, we continue to be recognized by a variety of third-party sources for our quality of services, our overall client offering, as well as our reputation. We were particularly proud of the fact that Investors Business Daily named Schwab Bank as the most trusted bank. Given the negative press and at times misperceptions regarding our bank over the past 18 months, we were especially pleased with this particular result. Rick, let me turn it over to you to review some more details of our progress serving clients and building the franchise. And Ill close this out, as Jeff indicated, after the Q&A session with just a few final observations.
Rick Wurster: Thank you, Walt, and good morning, everyone. Picking up on where Walt left off, weve been able to achieve this industry recognition because our through client-size approach remains the foundation of our strategy and it will continue to drive our long-term growth through the cycle. In the near-term, we deliver for clients through our four strategic focus areas. And in the third quarter, we advanced initiatives in each area that you see on the screen. Starting with Scale & Efficiency, weve captured 95% of our Ameritrade run rate expense synergies and expect to capture the rest by the end of the year. In an industry where pricing matters to clients, having a low cost position is a huge competitive advantage, one were committed to maintaining, with our cost discipline and ongoing investments in our operations and infrastructure, were continuing to lower our cost to serve clients. In 2024 to-date, our adjusted expense on client assets or EOCA fell to 12 basis points, down from 16 in 2019. Our second focus area is Win-Win Monetization, which is all about how we attract and retain assets by meeting more of our clients evolving financial needs. Wealth Management is one of our key areas of focus and clients continue to turn to us for advice across the spectrum of our solutions. Year-to-date managed investing net flows are up 65% compared to last year. In the third quarter, new and existing clients added $11.5 billion to our full-service wealth offers, which include Schwab Wealth Advisory and Schwab Advisor Network. This is 75% more than the prior year quarter. Clients continue to turn to Schwab Wealth Advisory in record numbers. We also recently began introducing a discretionary option for Schwab Wealth Advisory clients, which will help us meet even more of the comprehensive wealth management needs of investors. Clients continue to have strong interest in our other wealth offerings, including our Wasmer Schroeder fixed income strategies, where year-to-date net flows are up nearly 60% compared to last year. Clients are also increasingly turning to us for their borrowing needs, powering strong growth and adoption of our Pledged Asset Line or PAL. PAL balances reached a record $15.7 billion, an increase of 16% over last year. Notably, former Ameritrade clients represent 44% of PAL balance growth. Our account originations are up 57% year-over-year and we expect if rates fall, the amount drawn on the PAL will increase. The increased adoption is in large part due to the digital enhancements that weve made to the process. Nearly 90% of PALs are now digitally originated and more than 40% of retail applications are now initiated by a financial consultant compared to less than 5% just a few years ago. This makes it easier on our clients and helps FC deepen relationships with our clients. The entire process from the time a client opens an application to when they can access their loan takes on average just one and a half business days and only minutes for most loans. This industry leading offer is delighting our clients and client promoter scores have increased roughly 30 percentage points in this product since 2021. With Client Segmentation, were focused on serving distinct retail and advisor client groups with tailored solutions specific to their unique needs. RIAs have been and remain in an incredibly important client segment for Schwab. We have the same goal as the RIAs we serve to make a meaningful difference in the financial lives of our clients. And, we are committed to continuing to help our advisors grow, compete and succeed in pursuit of this mission. We have a world-class custody business, and well continue to invest in it to provide RIAs of all sizes with the open architecture platform and unmatched resources, services and education that they have come to expect from us. Im thrilled to have the opportunity to dive into this in more detail at our upcoming IMPACT Conference next month. Turning to our retail business, we know that relationships matter and were investing to give more of our clients access to a dedicated financial consultant. Our ultra-high net worth clients have been a particular area of focus as they have some of the most complex financial planning and wealth management needs among our client base. Weve added additional expertise for this group, including wealth consultants and tax, trust and estate experts. Weve also enhanced our approach to service and operations for this client group, all of which has been well received by clients as evidenced by their high-client promoter scores. We plan to launch retail alternatives to this client segment this quarter, which will be an important milestone for clients. Traders are another distinct and very important client segment for us. I believe that the combination of Schwab and Ameritrade has produced the strongest trader offer in the industry. And, we are continuing to enhance our capabilities, including investments in our mobile experience, our platform and our research and education. Our fourth strategic area is the Brilliant Basics. With the size of our client base, the most attractive opportunity we have for growth is to delight our existing clients with every interaction they have with us, so that they trust us with more of their assets, conduct more of their financial lives here at Schwab and refer others to us because we are delivering each day on the client experience. In our retail business, our average speed to answer the phone was less than 40 seconds in the third quarter. Year-to-date through the third quarter, the client easy score for our service teams is 92%. Thats the highest score weve earned from clients in four years. And, the vast majority of incoming calls are addressed without the need to transfer the client call. In Advisor Services, our client easy score, which is a clients real-time rating of how easy it was to complete a specific task or transaction was 89% in the third quarter. And, in our workplace business, we were Ranked #1 by J.D. Power and Participant Satisfaction for our Retirement Plan Digital Experiences. Im confident in our ability to deliver for clients today and Im energized by the opportunity to do even more as we look ahead. And, as we look to the future, not just next quarter or next year, but through the cycle and for the long-term through client-size will remain the foundation of our strategy. Through client-size means we will relentlessly focus on serving the needs of individual investors, workplace clients and RIAs and the clients that they serve. True client-size is what will continue to drive the virtuous cycle and fuel our growth well into the future as we invest in the Brilliant Basics, Scale & Efficiency and serving more of our clients needs across client segments. I do want to take just a moment here to express my gratitude to Walt for his vision, his leadership, his focus on our clients and the integrity and selflessness in which he has led our company. That vision is not changing as he transitions into his new role as Co-Chairman and I move into my new role as CEO in the New Year. Im grateful to be stepping into this role in a period when our client capabilities have never been stronger and we are operating from a position of strength. And with that, Ill turn it over to Peter.
Peter Crawford: All right. Well, thank you very much, Rick. So, Walt and Rick talked about the strong engagement were seeing among our clients as they utilize our broad wealth management and trading capabilities, our success in attracting assets and accounts from both existing and new clients, the encouraging signs were seeing that fuel our confidence about returning to our historical growth levels, and our progress and plans to do just that as we execute on our four strategic priorities that Rick talked about. In this, my final time addressing you today and Mikes inaugural business update, he and I will review our very solid and improving financial performance in the third quarter, which was somewhat better than we expected heading into the quarter. Well provide an update on the latest developments regarding our clients cash realignment activity and how that enabled us to make progress in paying down bank supplemental borrowing. And, well share an updated outlook for Q4 2024 earnings and some very early thoughts on 2025. The important point is that we near the end of what we have repeatedly called a transitional year. We know we havent yet reached our traditional level of organic growth or peak financial performance and yet we feel really good about the progress we have made further unlocking the core earnings power that has been building through this whole cycle, but which has been masked by other factors and reinvigorating our long-term financial formula. With Ameritrade related attrition receding and ceasing to be a major drag on our organic growth, a continued moderation of client cash realignment activity, which allowed for sequential growth in client transactional cash in the third quarter due to strong net inflows during September, sequential growth in both net interest revenue and overall revenue and finally, a steady and continued increase in our capital levels inclusive of AOCI. And, while we all appreciate the uncertain nature of the world we live in, our positive momentum sets the stage for what we expect will be even better operating and financial performance in the quarters and years ahead. As Walt mentioned, 2024 has been characterized by strong equity markets and consistent client engagement. We saw that reflected in external benchmarks such as the S&P 500 and NASDAQ as well as key drivers of our business performance, including margin balances now up 17% from the end of 2023, trading activity in the third quarter that was up modestly from the second quarter, and as Rick mentioned, a continuation of the very strong interest among clients for our advisory solutions. And finally, client cash realignment activity continues to decelerate enabling strong growth in overall client cash and transactional cash for the quarter and especially robust growth in the month of September. Now, while we repeatedly cautioned against overreacting to a specific months or even quarters transactional cash flows, this recent activity is further evidence that we are at or near truly transactional levels of client cash, enabling us to pay down a meaningful amount of supplemental borrowing at the banks and creating a good launching off point for Q4 as Mike will discuss in a moment. Now, that backdrop helps support solid financial performance in the third quarter that exceeded our expectations with revenue up 5% year-over-year to $4.8 billion. Adjusted pre-tax income up a similar amount and adjusted pre-tax margin of a little over 41% and adjusted EPS of $0.77. Now, before I turn over to Mike, I want to make two brief comments. First, I want to join Walt in thanking all of you within the investment community for your engagement and your interest over these last several years. I firmly believe that the rigor, the discipline and the transparency you demand of us makes us a better company. And second, I want to thank Mike here for allowing me to step down from the CFO role with the confidence that between him and Rick, this company I care so much about is in great hands. Its really been a real privilege working with Mike these last several months and Ill continue to do what I can to help over the coming months. He has already added a lot in his time here leveraging his very relevant experience and exceptional judgment. And finally and importantly, he connects with our purpose and his values align with the companys values. And with that, its my pleasure to turn the floor over to, Mike.
Michael Verdeschi: Thank you, Peter, and congratulations on your well-deserved retirement. Ive certainly enjoyed working with you and the broader management team to get up to speed these past few months. Youve been an outstanding leader for the firm with many contributions over the years, which have had a positive and lasting impact on our clients and employees. As I mentioned back in May at Investor Day, there are so many exciting things happening around Schwab. So, I feel very fortunate to be stepping into this role right now, and I look forward to working with Rick and the rest of our teams as we continue to serve the needs of our growing client base. Lets pick it up with a summary of key balance sheet highlights for the quarter. Importantly, we continue to support our clients with both margin and bank loans to clients up sequentially. As Peter alluded to earlier, we saw a healthy rebound in transactional sweep cash during the quarter, including $17 billion of net inflows in September. This positive development in cash enabled us to reduce high cost supplemental funding at the banks by $9 billion. At the same time, we also continued to take proactive steps at the broker dealer to both support sustained client activity in areas such as margin lending and further diversify our funding profile. Those actions included transferring $4 billion of client cash sweep balance to the broker dealer, bringing the total year-to-date transfers to $14 billion. This allows us to align funding where its needed to support the large and growing activity of our former Ameritrade clients. We also activated some efficient client related wholesale funding at the broker dealer to again serve the needs of our growing client base, especially those that tend to trade and utilize margin loans more frequently. This wholesale funding has very little impact on our net interest revenue, because the funds we take on are deployed into cash, which earns a fairly similar rate. The net result of these actions is increased flexibility to meet the evolving needs of clients, while continuing to achieve our financial objectives, such as paying down supplemental borrowings at the bank and ensuring growth in earnings. Finally, our capital levels continue to build towards our adjusted Tier 1 Leverage objective, driven by a few factors. First, quarterly earnings, then the accretion of unrealized marks which occurs at a pace of around $1 billion per quarter regardless of changes in interest rates and lastly, an incremental tailwind in Q3 from the move lower in interest rates. Of course, this rate related impact will vary over time based on fluctuations in interest rates across the curve. Turning to client cash trends. The trends in transactional sweep were quite encouraging for the third quarter with total sweep cash balances growing $9 billion, including a $17 billion net inflow during the month of September. This result reflects the continued slowdown of rate related realignment activity. Cash trends during September also benefited from anticipated seasonal trends as well. Moving forward, its important to keep in mind that while cash trends do not move in a straight line month-over-month, we anticipate making further progress over time, ultimately resulting in cash balances growing in proportion with client accounts and assets. So, while we will continue to monitor factors that can influence the trajectory of cash, such as interest rates, investor engagement, as well as seasonality, these encouraging trends help support our strategy and momentum into the end of the year. The cash trends also positioned us to make incremental progress on reducing the amount of outstanding supplemental funding at the banks. We reduced the balances by $9 billion from the June 30, 2024 level to just under $65 billion at the end of the third quarter. Supplemental funding balances are now down over 30% from peak levels back in May 2023. Further pay down progress remains a priority as cash as well as principal and interest proceeds from the bank securities portfolio continue to be key drivers in paying down borrowings. The exact timing for achieving our pay down goal will also be influenced by some of the same factors that we see in our transactional cash trends. Over the near-term, continuing to reduce the amount of supplemental funding outstanding is a key driver in achieving normalized earnings power and we expect to show continued progress from here. Turning our attention to capital. Lower rates supported our pace of capital build during the quarter, with our adjusted Tier 1 Leverage ratio expanding by over 70 basis points to 6.7%. We are quickly approaching our 6.75% to 7% operating objective. Despite the recent backup in rates to start the fourth quarter, we still expect to finish 2024 above the lower bound of the objective range. As we begin 2025, we will start to pivot from what has been a focus on building our capital ratios, inclusive of AOCI to looking across our capital framework. As always, our number one priority for capital is to support business growth. To the extent we have excess capital beyond our business needs, we have sought throughout our history to return it to stockholders through a variety of means, including our common dividend, which historically has risen alongside GAAP earnings, preferred security redemptions, considering costs and an optimized equity funding mix, as well as opportunistic stock buybacks. But, as we have previously noted, in the near-term, there is an added consideration relating to our progress on reducing the high cost supplemental funding at the banks. While this action is not a return of capital per se, liquidity, which otherwise could support capital buybacks, may instead be used to pay down supplemental borrowings. Following our third quarter results, we now anticipate full-year 2024 revenue to increase by 2% to 3% versus 2023. This is slightly above the range that was communicated back in July due to a higher starting balance for transactional cash balances and reduced supplemental funding balances at the bank. Adjusted expense growth for full-year 2024 is still expected to be approximately 2%, inclusive of certain non-controllable items outlined earlier in the year. Combining this refresh perspective on topline growth with an expense trajectory that reflects the benefits of our scale and ongoing efficiency initiatives implies earnings expanding further into the upper 80s range for the fourth quarter, a bit above the level we communicated back in July. Before we wrap up, lets spend a moment on 2025. We are right in the middle of our planning cycle, so we wont get too far ahead of ourselves, especially with the upcoming presidential election and two FOMC meetings where the rate path remains uncertain. However, we thought it might be helpful to briefly touch on a few items that are helping inform our thinking heading into next year. As noted, we anticipate coming into 2025 with good momentum and expect it to further build in the year ahead with of course the usual considerations for shifts in the macroeconomic backdrop, interest rates, market sentiment, seasonality too. While NIM should continue to expand even in a lower rate environment, the ultimate level will be influenced by a range of factors, including the path of rates, which is now much lower than back in July. On the expense front, consistent with the companys historical approach, we will balance making investments to support sustainable long-term growth, while also delivering on the firms near-term financial objectives. Keeping that balanced approach in mind, year over year expense growth in the mid-single digits still feels like a reasonable starting point for now, while acknowledging that changes in the broader environment, client activity, typical seasonality and other key factors will undoubtedly shape our 2025 expenses. Plenty of opportunity to discuss these topics a few months from now. As we approach the end of 2024, it is hard not to be excited about the opportunity in front of us. Momentum with clients continues to strengthen, while our 3Q financial results put us in a position to deliver meaningful earnings power expansion. As the combination of our diversified revenue model and a balanced approach to expense management yields profitable growth, which we believe will be amplified by our capital efficiency through the cycle. And with that, its time for some Q&A. Jeff, back to you.
Jeff Edwards: Operator, can you please help outline the Q&A process for the group?
Operator: Absolutely. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Ken Worthington from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. You reported a substantial improvement in transactional sweep cash and deposits this quarter. I would love to better understand what drove this change in September, compared particularly to August in earlier quarter levels. Given September NNA was similar in September to August levels and given the Ameritrade flows are positive but still modest and were seeing fund and ETF buying similar again in September to August levels. What is really driving, the better or what really drove the better transactional cash in September? And is this the beginning of a better outlook or is September really just a one-off?
Michael Verdeschi: Let me address that with talking about the quarter. In the quarter, we did see organic growth of cash. And I would say, we also saw some of the variability that we typically see in client activity as they engage us. So, as you highlight, we did see that pick up in September. But over the course of the quarter, as weve been saying, this is further evidence of that realignment activity normalizing. So, a combination of organic growth and some of that variability as well. So, we feel good about this progress. And again, this is going to be one of the keys in addition to obviously taking on the principal and interest payments that come out of the securities portfolio in combination using those proceeds to make further progress on paying down the supplemental borrowings.
Operator: Next, well go to the line of Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alexander Blostein: Hey, good morning, everybody. Thanks for the question and congrats to you all on your next respective chapters. I wanted to ask Mike just your thoughts around how youre thinking about the securities portfolio given the fact that the cash seems to be stabilizing a bit and the capital is rebuilding. Thats come up a number of times in the past as well. But obviously financially paying down securities a bit ahead of schedule to reduce EBITDA balances makes sense. But curious how youre thinking about any kind of holistic securities portfolio restructuring as you enter 25?
Michael Verdeschi: Sure. Well, that remains certainly a popular topic within the investment community and we appreciate that question, but it is something that were not currently pursuing. And as weve said in the past, we do not want to create unnecessarily headline risk that could disrupt our trusted relationship with clients. And I think an important factor that were looking at is again that ability to continue to make progress in paying down that supplemental funding at the bank. And so we do have an analysis. We keep that analysis fresh of looking at what a restructuring could entail. But for the reasons that I mentioned, not at this time. And the key factor that were focused on is the progress of paying down that supplemental funding.
Operator: Thank you. Next, well go to the line of Brennan Hawken from UBS. Please go ahead.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Mike, I believe you said mid-single-digit expense growth was an early expectation for 2025. Just wanted to clarify, would that be before the averaging in of the efficiencies that were realized through the year in 2024? And would it exclude onetime items such as the FDIC and other charges in 2024?
Michael Verdeschi: Sure. So that does that is inclusive of that restructuring from this year. So again, that mid-single digit is going to reflect really our intent to ensure we have resources made available to continue to invest in our capabilities. We are a growth company, so that is going to be important that we have sustainable investment in our firm, while at the same time, were going to be demonstrating discipline in that expense deployment, ensuring that were meeting our financial objectives. So, it does include those components.
Operator: Thank you. Next, well go to the line of Dan Fannon from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. Question on organic growth, which those trends continue to improve, but it does seem like Ameritrade clients continue to be somewhat of a drag. Can you talk about how you see that normalizing or when you see that normalizing? And then also update us on the backlog currently for new advisors potentially joining the platform?
Rick Wurster: Sure. Let me start with our organic growth. So overall, when we look at our Schwab only clients or legacy clients of Schwab, the growth of our legacy Schwab clients remains in that 5% to 7% growth range that we historically have seen. As it relates to Ameritrade clients, were going through what is a natural process of Ameritrade clients coming to Schwab, joining our platform and realizing how much they love it. Our flows from Ameritrade clients have outperformed our expectations. Walt shared earlier the expected level of attrition that we thought we would see. Weve seen less than that. Weve outperformed that. And for two quarters in a row, weve begun to see former Ameritrade clients contribute positively to net new assets. So, our expectation is that over time as those clients become more familiar with our platform, get comfortable with it as we build a relationship with those clients because I think thats a big difference between some of what they would have experienced at Ameritrade and what theyre experiencing now as part of Schwab is the relationship element of what we do, the service part of what we do. As they get to experience that, we believe they will contribute more net new assets over time and grow into the level that we see from our Schwab clients. So, we do expect that our long-term growth trajectory will continue. We expect our Ameritrade clients to continue to grow their net new assets at the firm as theyve done the last 2 quarters. And importantly, all signs that were seeing with our Ameritrade clients suggest that our relationship model is working. And if you look at our record flows into our wealth area, a significant portion over a third of the flows are coming from former Ameritrade clients. And if you look at our lending capabilities, half of new originations in our pledged asset line, half of the growth came from former Ameritrade clients. So, the push to put our arms around these Ameritrade clients, help them in their financial life just as weve done for Schwab clients is working and our expectation is that youll see over the long-term our growth in the range that youve seen it at Schwab.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kyle Voigt from KBW. Please go ahead.
Kyle Voigt: Hi, good morning. So, you seem to be on-track to be at the high end or even above your tier one leverage target by year-end. However, you reiterated this quarter that you want to make more progress on the repayment of supplemental borrowing before restarting share repurchases. Im just wondering if you could provide more color as to whether theres a certain level of supplemental borrowing at which you feel comfortable executing on buybacks or if theres a certain level of tier one leverage above your target where you would be comfortable executing on buybacks even without substantially making more progress on repayment of supplemental borrowings.
Michael Verdeschi: So, just to reiterate and thank you for the question. Paying down supplemental borrowings is a very high priority. Obviously, weve had some good progress this quarter. We want to continue to make that progress. And we really want to get those levels down much more meaningfully, really get it down to that more permanent level, which is going to be modest at very most. So, we have more work to do there. Were certainly encouraged by the cash trends that weve seen, which will be an important driver of that pay down of supplemental borrowings. So, we need to continue to see that sustained progress. I wouldnt say there is an exact amount in mind. Its going to be a function of the broader environment as well. And yes, weve made good progress on the growth of that capital as you alluded to. And that has been a combination of the earnings growth that weve seen, so that organic growth. You also have that accretion component as well from the securities portfolio. And this quarter, you did see some increase due to the variability in interest rates and thats a component, keep in mind, that will continue to play out over time. But it then gets back to our capital framework. To the extent we have capital over and above whats needed to support our firm. And I want to make that point very clear. The capital that we have is there to support our firm and to grow our strategy. Beyond that and beyond paying down supplemental borrowings, then we look to our capital framework where we will look at an opportunity to return capital to shareholders. And that could come in a variety of forms. It could be through common dividends, where historically weve been at 20% to 30% of GAAP earnings. But well also look at preferred securities outstanding and look to see when they are callable and make a decision whether that capital is needed and whether we wish to call them or not. And then beyond that, we would look to buybacks. So, I think the when I think about capital, were going to continue to ensure that the capital is available for our growth. We have this different consideration this time around with paying down supplemental borrowings. And then beyond that, well look to our capital framework.
Operator: Thank you. Next, well go to the line of Steven Chubak from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Chubak: Hey, good morning. So first off, congrats Walt and Peter, thank you for insights over the years. Mike, I did want to ask you on the funding strategy, you touched a bit in your prepared remarks, but was hoping you could just speak to changes to your funding approach. Just trying to understand whether theres a funding arbitrage from raising wholesale borrowings at the broker dealer versus the bank. And just help quantify the increase in borrowings at the broker dealer. Just trying to get a better or more holistic funding picture, if you will, across the firm given there seem to be some different moving pieces at the bank versus the broker dealer here.
Michael Verdeschi: Hi, Steven. Thank you for the question. So that funding at the broker dealer is certainly an efficient source of funds and it is important that we diversify our sources of funding. That is just a general practice that we want to have here. Its a capability we want to have. And its efficient in that I would think of it as pre-positioning funding that we then subsequently placing in cash and earning a roughly equivalent yield. That is very efficient and it gives us the flexibility to meet the evolving needs of our clients. In the broker dealer with the completion of the Ameritrade acquisition, we have a growing client base. We have a client base thats dynamic and how they engage us through margin lending. And that type of broker dealer funding is very efficient in meeting that evolving need and it allows us to also achieve the financial outcomes that we want to achieve, which is that growth of earnings that were focused on as well. I think more broadly, when I think about funding across the firm, I talk about diversified sources of funding and thats the bank as well as the non-bank, the broker dealer and that could be in a variety of forms. It could be secured and unsecured and short-term and long-term programs. So, its really about creating a construct and having a framework that allows us to have flexibility to meet our client needs, while at the same time ensuring that were driving financial outcomes as well.
Operator: Thank you. For the next question, well go to Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning. And also congrats to Walt, Peter and Rick and welcome Mike. My question just goes back to the deposits. Obviously, fantastic result for September. I guess and I know month to month can be noisy of course, but do you expect some reversion of that, i.e., some deployment of that surge in deposits as we sort of move into October? And then similarly that growth over the long-term that you outlined, Mike, is that do you think well be able to still exit 2025 with a NIM of 3% given the forward curve or is that simply just lower, and do you have a view of what that might be given the lower forward curve?
Walter W. Bettinger: Thanks, Brian. Let me address the cash part again. I know Mikes already addressed it, but let me just make a quick comment there and Ill turn it over to Mike to talk about the NIM. We have cautioned for a long time an excessive focus on monthly cash movements, because you can simply have a one day difference making a huge impact in a monthly number depending on when fixed income maturities mature. Although the numbers are big, if you look at these numbers as a percentage of a $10 trillion client base, they are actually quite modest. And so the right way to look at it is at a quarter, not at a month. And we feel very good about where we ended up for the quarter. I dont think there is anything unique or one off in the results for the quarter. And thats why we feel confident about the fact that we continue to make progress in building of our balance sheet cash and anticipate that as we move forward taking into account the seasonality that Mike previously referenced. Mike, let me turn it over to you for NIM.
Michael Verdeschi: Thank you, Walt. And sure, theres been a lot of focus on NIM. And that previous outlook of NIM approaching 3% by the end of 2025, that endpoint, December 25, if you will, that was informed by a rate path from earlier in the year that was much higher than the rate path that we see in, say, todays dot plot. So, its reasonable to expect with that much lower expected rate trajectory for NIM to be modestly below that approaching 3% level that we talked about for the end of 2025. But whats important to convey is that even in that lower expectation for rates, that we expect to continue to expand net interest margin in 2025. And a key driver of that is going to be our confidence in making that sustained progress in reducing that high cost supplemental funding at the bank. And so, what were talking about for fourth quarter is NIM into the well into the 220s and importantly, further meaningful expansion in 2025 as well. Now, well be back in January as we typically do with the financial scenario at that time. Between now and then, we have two more FOMC meetings, where the outcome of those meetings still remains uncertain in terms of their decisioning. So well have more information between now and January when well come back to you and talk more about NIM at that time.
Jeff Edwards: Great. Thanks. Operator, I think we have time for one final question.
Operator: And for our last question, well go to the line of Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to ask about the REA custody business. Curious how youre thinking about opportunities for expanding your offering and solutions over time for the REA custody side? And what opportunities might be there to enhance monetization, I know historically you have not charged a custody fee and what sort of scenario could that make sense? Thanks.
Walter W. Bettinger: Thanks for the question, Michael. Let me talk a little bit about our, Advisor Services business and start by just saying its been a growth powerhouse for us. It continues to drive really strong net new asset formation, both in terms of the RIAs coming onto our platform and the growth of the RIAs for whom we custody assets. As we look at monetizing the business, I think theres lots of opportunity in the future. We have been trying to do more in wealth, asset management and lending to support our advisors. And you certainly see it, our growth in all three of those areas as evidenced by some of the numbers we shared earlier. RIAs have been asking us, almost begging for us to lend to them and their clients over time because they want to work directly with us and they dont want to introduce another party into the relationship. And as weve upped our game with our pledged asset line capability and some of our mortgage capabilities, more and more clients are keeping their lending business with us and we expect that as rates fall, well see that accelerate. Were also seeing on the wealth and the asset management side where our RIAs rely upon us in a number of different ways, including our fixed income capabilities, our Schwab personalized indexing capabilities, and a number of other areas. I also think that theres more we can do for RIAs over time. If you think about the value chain around the RIAs, there are a number of ways in which RIAs spend money in their business. And many of those ways are services that we could potentially provide and for which the RIA would prefer to work with us because it would make their life easier. Those are all areas that we are exploring. As it relates to custody fee, we have we believe our current model works and has served the test of time. We have asked RIAs if they would prefer a custody fee in lieu of or taking a different approach. And that has not been a popular idea when weve offered that to RIAs. So, we like our current model. We do think theres lots of ways to monetize our position with RIAs and we expect to do that over time in a way that is client friendly and helps us build our business and helps the RA build their business most importantly.
Walter W. Bettinger: Well, thanks all for dialing in and participating in our call today. As I mentioned in my opening thoughts, Ive had the honor and the privilege to speak with many of you about Schwabs results for almost 20 years. During that time, I have learned so much from the thoughtful and seasoned analysts who cover our stock as well as the owners who I would regularly meet with. So, thank you. And as I make this transition from CEO to Executive Co-Chair, Im especially grateful to the tens of thousands of Schwabis and the millions of clients who have helped us grow during my tenure, not only from an $18 billion market cap company to something around $125 billion but also quadruple our stock price. I realize that these numbers are the lenses that many will choose to look through to evaluate my time as CEO of Schwab. But if I could, Id like to go back to the very first conversation that Chuck Schwab had with me about the possibility of being CEO of the company someday. This conversation actually happened several years before I formally became CEO. And during that conversation, I asked Chuck this question, if I do become CEO someday, what would be the most important objective that you would like me to achieve during my time as CEO? Now I fully expected Chuck to reply with maybe a certain level of client assets or client accounts, maybe a level of market capitalization or even the stock price. But for those of you who know Chuck well, you can probably suspect that his answer was none of those. Instead, Chuck shared that his definition of success would be if I did my part during my tenure to ensure that there would be a strong independent Schwab 50 years hence. Importantly, because in Chucks words, investors need and deserve what we offer them. First rate service, great value, quality execution, professional advice, low cost mutual funds and ETFs, access independent investment advisors and so much more. And thanks to our employees, our 43 million clients and our long-term stockholders, Chuck has personally shared with me mission accomplished. Thank you all so much for joining us on our call today.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-16 08:30:00) =====
Jeff Edwards: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Schwab 2024 Summer Business Update. This is Jeff Edwards, Head of Investor Relations; and I'm joined today by our Co-Chairman and CEO, Walt Bettinger; President, Rick Wurster; and CFO, Peter Crawford. We got a bit of an early start today to beat the Texas heat, so let's run through our housekeeping items and get in today's remarks. The slides for today's business update will be posted to their usual spot on the IR website at the beginning of Peter's section. Q&A remains structured as one question, no follow-ups, please, but you can certainly reenter the queue to ask another question if time permits. And as always, please don't hesitate to reach out with any follow-up questions for the IR team. And lastly, the wall of words, which showcases our forward-looking statements, reminding us that the future is uncertain, so please stay in touch with our disclosures. And with that, I'll turn it over to Walt.
Walt Bettinger: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us for our July business update. Earlier this year, we spoke about 2024 being a transition year for the firm. We define this year as transitional for a series of reasons. We were anticipating completing the last transition groups from the Ameritrade acquisition. And we anticipated that former Ameritrade clients would move from negative asset flows to positive levels of net new assets. We further anticipated that former Ameritrade retail clients would begin to utilize Schwab capabilities in the areas of investment advisory, financial planning and banking. We anticipated the investment advisers, who formerly used Ameritrade for custodial services, would also begin to bring net new assets to Schwab, and their evaluation of our service levels would improve rather dramatically. We anticipated that Schwab users of StreetSmart would begin to take advantage of the powerful trading capabilities in the Thinkorswim platforms. From a capital standpoint, we anticipated that we would organically build capital throughout the year toward our long-term objectives. And from a financial standpoint, we anticipated improving, albeit somewhat uneven, earnings results during the year with Q4 2024 delivering somewhere between $0.80 and $0.90, and then with strong growth continuing into 2025 and beyond. Halfway through the year, this definition of a transition year is being realized, again, as we anticipated. And all of these issues position us for a strong period of growth in client metrics and financial results in the coming years. So, with these critical indicators of success unfolding in such a positive manner, let's take a quick look tactically at how the second quarter of this year looked. Inflation showed some encouraging signs of moderating, closer to the Fed target of 2%, which continued pushing a select number of primarily technology stocks ever higher during the quarter. Investor sentiment remained solidly positive at quarter-end with investors purchasing stocks throughout the quarter and overall trading activity was a bit higher than in the prior year. Now as I stated earlier, as we anticipated, we completed the last client transition group during the second quarter. That's almost $2 trillion in assets, 17 million client accounts, and over 3.5 million daily average trades, all done with the attrition levels that are well below other integrations in our industry, as well as our estimates at the time of the acquisition, which were 5% to 6% asset attrition and 4% revenue attrition. And while it's still somewhat early, the client response to the combined platform has been even stronger than we anticipated. Promoter Scores for former Ameritrade retail clients are now increasing about 50 points nine months post conversion date. While the Promoter Scores for advisory services, including the former Ameritrade adviser clients, have returned to pre-conversion levels. Impressively, former Ameritrade retail clients who converted in 2023 are already bringing in assets on a net basis. However, their level of net new assets still remains below our target range. Clearly, this illustrates that we're reaching an inflection point as attrition continues to abate and we rebuild back to firm-wide net new asset levels in our targeted 5% to 7% range. And lastly, former Ameritrade retail clients are already making up about one-third of our overall enrollments in advisory solutions, an early illustration of the power of combining the two firms and their interest in Schwab's broader offering of wealth management solutions. The overall client engagement was solid in the second quarter with the equity buy-sell ratio at about 1.1, while daily average trades remained at relatively high levels for a second quarter and above the same period from last year. Meanwhile, we've seen a large increase in interest among our clients in our Managed Investing solutions. So overall, key client metrics continue to be solid. Net new assets year-to-date were over $150 billion, including Q2 asset gathering of about $60 billion, up 17% from the same period last year, again, still somewhat below our long-term goal of 5% to 7% to an economic cycle but growing closer to that figure as the impact from former Ameritrade client attrition begins to wane. New brokerage accounts were again almost $1 million -- I'm sorry, 1 million accounts during the quarter. Looking deeper at the types of clients we're attracting. These new-to-firm households continue to set us up well for the long term with almost six out of 10 new clients under the age of 40. And investment adviser clients of all sizes continue to entrust their client assets to our custodial services. For years, we've emphasized that Schwab Advisor Services is the premier offering for RIAs of all sizes, and we are equally committed to each segment of advisers. And these net new asset results are particularly encouraging as they reflect our success serving again every size adviser. Let me take a brief step back to take a more big-picture look at Schwab and the growth trajectory we've been on for over 50 years. From our origins as a discount broker, we have continually listened to client needs, as well as anticipated client needs, and added services and capabilities along the way. What is key is that we have always done so in a Schwab Way, through clients' eyes, at a great value and without the client having to accept trade-offs. We call that modern wealth management. And when we look to the future, we believe this formula will only serve to build our market share larger and larger. Of course, one of the key capabilities we have added along the way has been banking services to meet the needs of our clients on both sides of their personal balance sheets. Now some have asked us after the regional banking crisis of 2023 whether we remain committed to serving our clients' banking needs. And the answer is a definite yes. That said, we have studied our approach to offering banking services in recent quarters and wanted to share a few additional perspectives on how we see banking unfolding in the future at Schwab. Offering lending services to our retail clients and the clients of the investment advisers we serve is important. Arguably, it's critical as it meets client needs and deepens relationships in a meaningful way. Most of our significant competitors have the ability to assist clients with both their investing needs as well as their borrowing needs. We believe firms that do not offer lending services are at a strategic disadvantage that will show itself more and more over time. So, we are committed to offering quality lending services in a manner consistent with how we lend today, exclusively for our clients, residential mortgages, HELOCs for clients who have their first mortgage with us, and pledged asset lines. And to support lending for our clients, we continue to invest in both technology to make the application and approval process streamlined and efficient, as well as experienced bankers who can help shepherd the more complex loans through. From the standpoint of the investments we make at the bank for deposits in excess of those needed for lending to our clients, over time, and by that, I mean, years, not months or quarters, we would envision some shortening of our overall balance sheet investment portfolio duration. That could lead to some modestly higher earnings volatility through an interest rate cycle but should help reduce volatility of our capital levels and the need to access supplemental borrowing when interest rates potentially rise rapidly. One of our objectives is to increase our emphasis on attracting transactional bank deposits like checking balances with our award-winning checking product. This would serve as a means of increasing liquidity and further stabilizing our overall deposit base. And we envision the potential to increase our usage of third-party banks like TD Bank and others to achieve the following goals, deliver extended FDIC insurance for clients, lower our capital intensity, and improve liquidity, subject, of course, to obtaining economics from the third-party banks that make sense for us. Net, these various actions should lead, again, over time to a bank that is somewhat smaller than our bank has been in recent years, while retaining the ability to meet our clients' banking needs, lower our capital intensity and, importantly, protect the economics we are able to generate from owning a bank. So, while we see some modest changes in the way we manage and operate our bank, one thing you can count on, we will continue to operate our business in the Schwab Way, making decisions through clients' eyes, offering clients great value, and delivering service and advice to our valued clients without asking for any trade-offs. So Rick, let me turn it over to you for some more discussion on our efforts as well as results during the second quarter.
Rick Wurster: Thanks, Walt, and good morning, everyone. With the successful completion of the Ameritrade conversion behind us, we are looking ahead to an exciting new chapter as we continue to advance our four strategic focus areas. And we will do so from a position of strength, having fully combined the best of Schwab and Ameritrade to offer our clients a no trade-offs experience. Our ability to increase our scale while also continuously driving efficiency in our operations remains one of our key competitive advantages. The Ameritrade integration is a clear example of how we have vastly increased our scale while cutting costs. And by the end of this year, we'll realize the remaining 10% of run rate expense synergies from the acquisition. Over time, our growing client base, our cost discipline and our ongoing investments in technology will continue to help us reduce our cost to serve our clients, in the same way it has over the past decade as we've decreased our cost per client account by 25% and by around 50% when you consider inflation. We plan to build on this competitive advantage. We will invest in technology, including artificial intelligence, that will ultimately help us lower our costs. We will implement operational enhancements and process transformation so we can serve our clients even more efficiently than we do today. And as we continue to increase our scale and enhance our efficiency, we'll reinvest in our clients over time and support our growth for the long term, just as we've done historically. Win-win monetization is about meeting more of our clients' total financial needs. By offering the ease and convenience of having more of their financial life in one place, we're also able to bolster our revenue growth and our wealth business is growing quickly. And this is a win for clients as Client Promoter Scores for our advice solutions are among the highest at the firm. So, these are our happiest clients. And it is a win for us. Year-to-date, we've attracted nearly $25 billion in Managed Investing net flows, a 56% increase over last year. And we see strong net flows across our spectrum of solutions. And you can see the growth on this page: 40% in Schwab Wealth Advisory, 53% in Wasmer Schroeder, and 127% and in Schwab Personalized Indexing. By offering our clients a broad spectrum of the wealth solutions they need, we're also supporting growth in our fee-based revenue streams, as you can see with the growth in our revenue on the right-hand side of this page. Looking within our Wealth Solutions, I wanted to do a bit of a deeper dive into our Wasmer strategies. These fixed income strategies provide clients with a wide range of tax-exempt and taxable solutions. Clients also have access to a dedicated team of portfolio managers and portfolio personalization capabilities, all at a lower cost than competitive offerings. With total assets under management of $25 billion, we've seen assets in these strategies grow at a compound annual growth rate of 23% since our acquisition in July of 2020 and have grown by nearly 80% in the last two years where we've had a higher interest rate environment. This year-to-date alone, we've seen net flows of $4 billion, demonstrating that these solutions are indeed meeting client needs. Turning now to client segmentation. At Schwab, we will always meet the needs of a wide spectrum of investors and RIA firms, but we also need to serve our distinct client segments. And strong relationships are the foundation of our ability to do this. When we build relationships by meeting client needs and meeting clients where they are and with the service models, the tailored education and the specialized capabilities they need, we will retain our existing clients and attract new ones. RIAs, which are one of our key client segments, we strengthened our relationships with RIAs of all sizes through an unparalleled offer that helps each of them grow, compete and succeed. For example, we offer advisers turnkey asset management solutions, flexible technology, and highly specialized business consultant teams, all at an incredible value with zero custody fees and no intention of changing that. Turning to our retail business, high net worth retail clients are another important segment where the power of strong relationships is clear. Our high net worth retail investors who have a financial consultant, bringing more than 3x the average household net new assets, 2.8x the Managed Investing net flows, and have better TOA ratios, and notably higher Client Promoter Scores compared to retail high net worth clients who do not have an FC. Continuing to invest so we can build and expand on these valuable client relationships will help support our growth over the long term. Our fourth strategic focus area is the Brilliant Basics. We know that we can make it even easier for our clients to do business with us, and if we can deliver on the basics for our clients in every interaction they have at Schwab, we'll build loyalty and our delighted clients will grow their wealth with us and refer their friends and family members to us. One example of how we're delivering on this for clients is the enhancements we continue to make to the best-in-class Schwab mobile app. We know clients and third parties like it today. Our mobile app has a 4.8-star rating on the App Store. And for the second year in a row, Corporate Insight has ranked us the number one mobile app experience among brokerage firms. And we continue to invest in and enhance that experience. We're introducing features our former Ameritrade clients love, like the recently launched customizable dashboard. Other recent and planned enhancements will simplify the client experience by reducing clicks and expanding on our customization capabilities. Guided by our consistent through client-size strategy, we remain well positioned for continued growth. While there are several factors that can influence asset gathering in the near term, things like the macroeconomic environment, seasonality and some behavioral differences we see in the former Ameritrade client base, we believe our through-the-cycle growth recipe remains intact. Over the longer term, we expect we'll continue to see 5% to 7% annualized NNA growth from existing and new clients, bolstered by delivering on our four strategic focus areas. As we've shared, 2024 is a transition year, with strong client engagement, a successful integration, continued progress on our strategic focus areas, and opportunities to introduce our client base to the best of Schwab and Ameritrade, we remain well positioned to continue serving our growing client base and delivering profitable long-term growth to stockholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Peter.
Peter Crawford: Well, thank you very much, Rick. So, Walt and Rick talked about the exciting results we've already seen from the Ameritrade integration and the opportunities it enables, our strong momentum in the market and the success we have enjoyed in attracting a diverse mix of clients, the progress we have made in continuing to enhance our leading value proposition at the same time that we continue to drive greater efficiency throughout our business. And finally, our commitment to continuing that journey, combining ever greater efficiency with sustained investments in improving the client experience. For my time today, I'll review our solid financial performance in the second quarter and over the first half of the year. I'll provide some high-level perspective on what we're seeing with regard to our clients' transactional cash, and I'll share an updated scenario for 2024. The important point is that we are proceeding through what we've described previously, and what Walt talked about at the outset, as a transitional year. But frankly, at a slightly faster pace than we had anticipated just six months ago, with our organic growth rebounding towards historical levels, a continued moderation of client cash realignment activity despite seasonal pressures and the impact of very high investor engagement, sequential growth in our net interest margin, continued expense discipline with adjusted expenses basically flat year-over-year excluding some unusual items, and finally, a steady increase in our capital levels, both our regulatory levels and those inclusive of AOCI. And all of that sets the stage for what we expect will be more of a return to normal, the unlocking of our core earnings power and, frankly, a much simpler financial story in the quarters and years ahead, but one featuring strong growth in revenue and earnings in the back half of 2024 and over the next several years. As Walt mentioned, the first half of the year has been characterized by strong equity markets, increased client engagement and solid organic growth. We saw that reflected in external benchmarks such as the S&P 500 and NASDAQ, as well as key drivers of our business performance, including margin balances up 15% from the end of 2023, trading activity up slightly from the first six months of last year, and as Rick mentioned, a real surge in interest among clients for our advisory solutions. Our clients' transactional cash balances are typically pressured in the first half of the year by engagement in the markets in January and February and then tax season in April and early May. And that was no different in 2024. But even so, we continue to see a moderation of the rate-driven client cash realignment activity. Now that backdrop helped support solid financial performance in the second quarter, with revenue up 1% year-over-year to $4.7 billion. Adjusted expenses in Q2 were up just under 2% year-over-year, but that included several onetime and/or unusual items without which our adjusted expenses would have been down more than 1%. We produced an adjusted pretax margin of roughly 41% and adjusted EPS of $0.73. Turning our attention to the balance sheet. Total assets dropped by 4%, driven primarily by tax-related outflows and the continuation, albeit at a much slower pace, of the client cash realignment activity we have experienced for a little over two years. And the overall level of realignment within Bank Sweep and Schwab One in the quarter was down about 50% versus the same quarter in 2023. Now as I mentioned earlier, we have seen strong growth in margin utilization to start the year. And to support that activity, we directed about $5 billion of client cash from the banks to the broker-dealers. That caused our level of supplemental borrowing to rise slightly in the quarter. What I want to emphasize again, that this is a good thing. We are more than happy to absorb a bit more borrowing on which we're paying just over 5% to support margin loans on which we're earning just under 8%. And finally, despite rates that increased slightly during the quarter, our capital position continued to get even stronger. With our adjusted Tier 1 leverage ratio, again, reminding you that's the one that's inclusive of AOCI and, therefore, what our binding constraint would be if we lose the AOCI opt-out, at Schwab Bank now well over 6% and just under 6% for the Company overall. Meaning, we are marching steadily towards our new operating objective for capital. Now despite the influence of typical seasonal pressure to start the year coupled with atypically bullish, very bullish, investor sentiment, client cash balances have largely trended consistent with our expectations, despite rates remaining higher than the Fed and the market predicted earlier in the year. And all indications support that we are in the very late innings of client cash realignment activity. In fact, over the course of Q2, client-driven outflows from Bank Sweep despite the seasonal tax payments, have been less than the cash flow generated from our investment portfolio, which in the absence of any other actions on our part would have led to continued decline to supplemental borrowing. Now with new client acquisition and organic growth returning to our historical norms, and all signs suggesting that the Fed funds rate has likely peaked, meaning, in the absence of this catalyst, we expect the utilization of investment cash alternatives such as purchase money funds and CDs to stabilize and then eventually decrease over time, we believe we're nearing the point where aggregate transactional cash balances should flatten and then ultimately resume growing again. Now that solid start to the year lays the foundation for what we expect will be an even stronger end of the year, propelling us into growth through 2025 and beyond. We now expect our full year revenue to range between flat to up 2% versus 2023 or roughly in the middle of the mathematical illustrations you may recall we shared back in January. And as I shared back in May at our Investor Day, we now expect our adjusted expenses to be approximately 2% higher than 2023. And as a reminder, about half that change from the previous guidance is due to unanticipated onetime items such as the FDIC surcharge and the regulatory accrual, with the remainder coming from the increase in the SEC 31 fee, which is, again, is a pass-through expense and, therefore, P&L neutral. But to use the transitional word again, that annualized view masks the progression in earnings power by the end of the year. We're expecting flattish earnings from Q2 to Q3, but assuming the Fed cuts rates in September as is widely expected, we could see our NIM reach the mid-2.20s in Q4 on its way to approaching 3% by the end of 2025, which we believe will support adjusted earnings per share in the middle of the $0.80 to $0.90 range we outlined at the beginning of the year, with our earnings power building in 2025 and beyond. Despite long-term rates moving a little bit higher during the quarter, our capital levels are climbing steadily, and we continue to expect our consolidated adjusted Tier 1 leverage ratio to approach our slightly updated operating objective of 6.75% to 7% on a consolidated basis by the end of 2024, at which point it becomes more of a live conversation regarding whether and how we want to do further capital return, our number one priority for capital is always to support business growth. Now to the extent that we have capital in excess of what is needed to do that, we have, throughout our history, taking steps to return that to stockholders. That can be through increasing our dividend, which generally rises alongside earnings. That can be by redeeming outstanding preferreds to create additional dry powder for the future, especially preferreds that might be or might become relatively expensive, and that can also be, of course, through stock buybacks, which we do opportunistically. There is one additional consideration right now, which is to the extent that we have outstanding supplemental borrowing, we may choose to utilize some of the liquidity we'd otherwise use for buybacks to reduce some of that bank-level debt. Now doing that reduces our reliance on nonbusiness-as-usual funding sources, and given the relatively higher cost of the supplemental borrowing, it's likely more accretive to earnings in the near term, while preserving the capacity, the ability to implement stock repurchases at a later date. So by doing that, we can kind of have our cake and eat it too. Now those of you who have followed the Company for a while know that we don't tend to communicate bold, long-term financial targets. Rather, we continue to talk about our long-term financial formula, a relatively simple and straightforward formula that is based on our clear and straightforward business strategy, which we articulated, as you know, is through clients' eyes. And what makes that financial formula simple and straightforward is that it's based on a set of a pretty reasonable assumptions, for Schwab at least, around organic growth, revenue growth, expense containment and capital return, assumptions that we have delivered through the cycle over multiple decades. Over the last two-plus years, that formula has admittedly been obscured to an extent by the impact of rising rates and what that has done to client transactional cash balances. But with rates seeming to plateau and client cash realignment moderating, while organic growth returns to that historical level, we're nearing the point where that simple and straightforward formula, that simple and straightforward financial story should become more clear, one that without making some big leap of faith combined strong organic growth, strong profitability and substantial capital return. With that, I'll turn it over to Jeff to facilitate our Q&A. Jeff?
Jeff Edwards: Thank you very much, Peter. Operator, can you please remind everyone how they may ask a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks very much for the presentation. Maybe just, Peter, could you talk about your view on how you make deposit rates as the Fed cuts -- and I guess, first and foremost is your assumption in your targets based on, I guess, how many Fed cuts are based on that? And then just maybe just talk about how you might reduce direct deposit rates in sweep and the banking deposits as the Fed cuts -- essentially the deposit beta to that?
Peter Crawford: Sure. So, thanks, Brian. So, the scenario that I outlined is based off the Fed cutting rates a single time in the rest of this year in September. In terms of deposit betas, I wouldn't necessarily assume that deposit betas are symmetrical. If you look historically, deposit betas tend to be a bit higher on the -- in the easing cycle than they are in a tightening cycle. And so, while we certainly haven't made any decisions exactly about what we'll do with deposit rates, I think that's a reasonable expectation. And we also would expect that as rates come down, the cost of any replacement supplemental funding that we have to access comes down as well. And we'd also expect that, on the margin, that rate cuts would, over time, bring about higher levels of clients' transactional cash as the incentive for them to utilize alternative solutions like purchase money funds and CDs become somewhat less.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Ken Worthington from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Worthington: In terms of the use of third-party banks like TD, how much of your bank assets might migrate to third-party banks over time at sort of steady state? And how would you expect the economics to compare to the fees that you currently earn on a money market fund or in the Schwab Bank spread over rate cycle? And I guess lastly, given the Wells comments on Friday, is there a risk that using third-party banks might risk regulators having an opinion on the yields passed on to certain end-customers in the advisory or other segments of your business?
Walt Bettinger: Yes. So, I think it's I think it's early to have definitive answers on the first set of questions that you asked. Although if you research our IDA agreement with TD Bank, it probably gives you a good direction with respect to the economics. The economics can be very attractive for us in terms of not needing to have capital relative to those deposits. And that's where I would probably direct you to look in terms of the economics of that. In terms of the level, we want to make sure that we maintain sufficient deposits at our bank to, again, fund the loans that our clients want, and then have appropriate levels of liquidity over and above that. With respect to the Wells Fargo issue, we have provided money market fund sweep cash and -- or money market yields on bank cash for all of our fiduciary-driven investment advisory solutions already. So, I don't really see the Wells Fargo report having any kind of meaningful implications for us. We've been doing this for an extended period of time already.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Kyle Voigt from KBW. Please go ahead.
Kyle Voigt: Good morning. Just maybe on the Ameritrade attrition abating and net new assets getting back to that 5% to 7% level as they have grown historically. I guess with the knowledge of doing prior brokerage integrations, albeit at a smaller scale than the Ameritrade integration, so do you have any expectation of when you could get back into that range? And typically, when do you see attrition effectively fully abate after the last migration, which we've obviously just went through?
Walt Bettinger: Let me start by saying first -- thanks for the question, Kyle. Let me start by saying when we look at our Schwab client base, we continue to grow within that 5% to 7% organic growth rate that we target over the long term. When you look at the Company level metrics, what's keeping us from the 5% to 7% overall is, in fact, behavior of the Ameritrade clients. And the great thing that we're seeing is we are seeing a change in their behavior. And it's in line with what we would expect, which is, first, we need to stop clients from leaving the firm and from Ameritrade flows being negative. And I think we're in the process of that happening. Walt referenced the significant improvement in Client Promoter Scores. That's true both on the retail side and the adviser side. So, Client Promoter Scores are getting higher. As those Client Promoter Scores are getting higher, we're moving from outflows from our Ameritrade clients to inflows. What we then need to do is to move a client base that hasn't had client flows quite in line with where Schwab organic growth rate has been historically. We need to move them from being positive contributors to net new assets to contributing at the same level as Schwab -- as our Schwab organic growth rate. And the way we'll do that is by introducing our Schwab model to Ameritrade clients, the financial consultant, the relationship model, the service, the advice, the consultants that we bring on the advisory side. All of that, we believe, will help accelerate the Ameritrade net new asset formation. So, we're confident we can grow in the 5% to 7% range. We continue to do so on the Schwab side today. And we're right where we'd expect to be in terms of the process of moving Ameritrade clients from being net detractors in net new assets to now being slightly positive. And then, we anticipate by introducing our model to them to be able to grow them to the same level as Schwab clients over time.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Dan Fannon from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dan Fannon: Peter, I was hoping you could elaborate on your assumptions on what's going to drive the sequential growth really after being flat in Q3 to Q4, and specifically things like margin balances, which are growing, but as you said, are drawing more short-term funding. So curious about short-term funding levels plus some of the other assumptions in that Q3 to Q4 ramp.
Peter Crawford: Yes. So, we can -- certainly, we can follow up with -- we have a number of assumptions on the page there, and you're welcome to follow up with the IR team in terms of some of the details. But broadly speaking, as I mentioned previously, the assumptions are as a single Fed cut in September, client cash realignment activity that continues to moderate. We expect it will flatten and then, again, ultimately resume growth. And then more of a continuation of the general -- relatively conventional assumptions on equity market depreciation, margin balance growth that goes along with that and so forth. In terms of supplemental borrowing, our priority, of course, is to pay that down as quickly as we can. But the pace at which we pay that down, it is dependent on the level of margin balance growth. And if we see -- continue to see more margin balance growth, we will, as we always do, want to make sure we support that growth. And at times, that means moving some cash out of the -- some client cash out of the bank over to the broker-dealer. But again, that is a -- we welcome the margin balance growth. It's good for clients. It means we're -- our clients are engaged, that we are supporting our active trader community, which is a very important segment for us. It's a very profitable interest-earning assets. So, we're more than happy to support that even if it means that it delays, to a certain extent, the pay-down of supplemental borrowing. It's accretive from a NIM standpoint, accretive from a net interest revenue standpoint, and so forth. So, it's why it's really, I think, I'd caution everyone not to focus on supplemental borrowing just in isolation in a vacuum, because it's influenced by other factors as well.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Steven Chubak from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Chubak: Hi, good morning. So, Peter, you had outlined a couple of different self-help levers. I mean, the first is the potential to migrate additional cash off balance sheet in the future. I actually wanted to focus on the potential opportunity to accelerate pay-downs of the high-cost liabilities by repositioning the securities portfolio. And I was hoping you could just unpack what are some of the constraints that we should be mindful of when thinking through the potential opportunity. And is it fair to assume that you would likely wait until you're at your capital target at which point you would maybe consider pursuing that path?
Peter Crawford: Yes. So, thanks for the question, Steven. So, I would say, I know we've gotten this question -- we've gotten this question a fair amount. And our thinking on repositioning trade hasn't really changed. We certainly understand the benefit of that on accelerating the paydown of supplemental borrowing, accelerating the net interest margin accretion, earnings accretion that we expect to happen over time. At the same time, we're very cognizant of, and very mindful, of doing anything that would jeopardize the trust our clients place in us, especially for the sake of, moving forward, something that we expect will happen on its own. And so that's why we haven't done that. So, I would say it's not something we, by any means, rule out altogether, but it's also not something we're looking to do in the near term.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Brennan Hawken from UBS. Please go ahead.
Brennan Hawken: I'd like to follow up on the question around the shift to third-party banks as a place for deposits. So just at a high level, I'm curious if you could explain to us the strategic shift here because we spoke about it a year ago at the last what used to be the winter business update, now is the Investor Day, although I guess -- well, in 2023, it was at a different timing. And there was a defense of using the bank subsidiary. So, what led you to shift there? And then maybe just like timing-wise, when should we expect this to happen? And how do you strike the -- you referenced that you want liquidity above the need to fund the loans. How should we be thinking about what the bank will actually look like once things settle out and you take this journey?
Peter Crawford: Yes. Thanks, Brennan. And so as I indicated, we're talking about years, not months and quarters. And we just want to foreshadow that, over those period of years, we think that there may be approaches that are more efficient in terms of rewarding our clients as well as rewarding our stockholders than maintaining 100% of the deposits at our bank. We want deposits, as I indicated, to be sufficient to cover the loans that we intend to do for our clients, that provide quality yields, deepen relationships and we're able to do at exceptionally low credit risk, as well as having liquidity beyond that. But we all recognize that deposit flows can be very volatile depending on rate environments. And we have in place one agreement already today that provides us substantial flexibility for client deposits with exceptional economics for us without the need for capital. And we think that there are other opportunities to consider expanding that. Again, I want to emphasize, the prepared remarks I made, that this is all subject to the economics of doing so. But we do think there are meaningful opportunities to lighten some of the capital load over time, again, measured in years, not months and quarters, that will provide us additional flexibility and also let us extend FDIC insurance to higher levels for our clients.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Benjamin Budish from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Budish: Just thinking about the sort of cash inflows over the next maybe six to eight quarters, can you maybe provide an update on your expected pace of securities maturing off of the balance sheet? I think you've talked before about the back half of '24. But is there any update you could perhaps provide on what to expect in 2025?
Peter Crawford: Yes. So, I mean I think I would think about that in terms of the pace of cash flows off the investment portfolio as sort of in the $10 billion to $11 billion a quarter, somewhere in that range, as the portfolio -- the size of the portfolio goes down, that it's reasonable to expect that that level of cash flow goes down as well, sort of commensurate with that. But sort of -- and that's a general rule of thumb over the next several quarters, I think, is a reasonable expectation.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein: Well, so a lot of these things we're talking about for the last several quarters are related to kind of self-help levers and improvement in the Company's earnings power ultimately start with improvement in the deposit trajectory of the business that will help supplement the borrowings, capital returns, et cetera. So maybe help us sort of refresh, now that you've had the business with Ameritrade for some time, how are you thinking about the normalized framework for growth in Schwab's deposits, sweep deposits, whether it's a percentage of net new assets or some other metric, but I guess also considering that, even if we do get rate cuts, the Fed funds rate and the market rate is still going to be probably meaningfully higher versus kind of the available deposit yield that you and the industry are offering.
Peter Crawford: Yes. Thanks, Alex, for the question. So, I know there's a lot of focus on kind of month-to-month, even at times week-to-week changes in deposit flows. I think it's important to maybe set a little bit of context. So, first is deposit flows over a short period of time are influenced by net new assets, of course, the cash is brought in from new accounts, and then what clients do with that cash. And that can be rate-driven allocations that they make to purchase money funds, CDs and so forth. It can also be into engagement in the markets, equities, mutual funds and so forth. And so that can create some variability. We have seen strong engagement in the markets. And when we look at the rate-driven activity among our clients, that continues to go down. The second point of context I would make, which is that you do see variability in those flows from, frankly, from day to day or month to month. And we can see $2 billion or $3 billion of net inflows or outflows on a particular day. And so, when you just look at a month's numbers, depending on what day of the week the month ends on, it can influence the level of transactional cash that we report on that monthly basis. And I'd say June was sort of -- was comparable to May. July has started off stronger. It's still early, it's about halfway through the month, so we'll see how the month ends. But it is -- it started off definitely stronger than in terms of deposit flows than May. In terms of the long term, to your question long term, we would expect in a stable environment that client transactional cash grows with the growth in accounts and the growth in total assets. We actually recently did a study to look at clients who opened their accounts roughly 20 years ago. And what we see over time is, as those clients increase the net worth in their accounts, increase assets in their accounts, their cash balances go up and they actually stay at a relatively constant percent of the assets in the account. And so, I think as you are modeling our transactional cash over a long period of time, over years, I think it's reasonable to expect that that transactional cash grows with the growth in assets and the growth in accounts. When rates are rising, it will -- growth will be a little bit lower, and rates are falling, that growth will be a little bit faster. But I think over time in a stable environment, that's a reasonable expectation over, again, over multiple years.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Bill Katz from TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bill Katz: Maybe a two-parter. The first one is just in terms of the Ameritrade metrics you had mentioned in terms of not up to the 5% to 7% growth rate that you're experiencing with legacy platform, can you scale and size the two relative asset pools that we're speaking to? And then the broader question I have is just as you're thinking now about migrating the growth of the bank, how should we be thinking about the end state of the size of the bank? And does this change your capital return methodology?
Walt Bettinger: Let me start with the Ameritrade part of the question. We brought over about $2 trillion of Ameritrade client assets. We're at $9.4 trillion overall. So, Ameritrade is clearly an important part of our business. Looking at the longer term, important to remember the enthusiasm we have for the combination of the strength of Ameritrade and Schwab. We were talking a lot about short-term dynamics around cash and net interest margin and things like that. We have an incredible franchise that we've just spent four years putting together the best of everything Ameritrade had to offer with the best of everything Schwab has to offer. And the behavior we're seeing from our clients is exactly what we would expect. We went from clients who experienced a lot of change and might have had dual relationships at Ameritrade and somewhere else, making the decision that this wasn't where they wanted to be. And so we did see some attrition. That attrition was well below what our expectations were. And now we're seeing what we'd expect to see in the next phase, which is client satisfaction from those clients that were moved, who had their experience change, improving dramatically. We're up 35 points in our advisory services business in terms of our overall client promoter scores following the conversion. And on the retail side, nine months after a client moves, their satisfaction is up 50 points. So, we have built a platform that both sets of clients love. And now what we get to do for the long term and for the foreseeable future is deliver our mission of making a difference in our clients' lives through a platform that's never been stronger on the retail side and the adviser side than it is right now today. And so, we're confident in our long-term organic growth rate. We think the behavior we're seeing is exactly in line with what we would have expected, and are very optimistic for our future growth.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Cyprys: Maybe just circling back to the Wells Fargo announcement. Maybe you could just help clarify for us the magnitude of cash that you have in fiduciary accounts, the types of accounts these represent where you offer the money funding equivalent yields, is this just retirement only? And then just more broadly, how do you think about the risk over the long term that industry practices evolve with more account types over time that capture these money fund equivalent yields?
Walt Bettinger: So, I just want to clarify, in our fiduciary relationships where we -- in our Managed Investing programs, our wealth programs, cash assets are invested in a sweep government money fund. So, we don't have this exposure that Wells Fargo has.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Chris Allen from Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Allen: I wanted to ask about the 3% NIM outlook for 2025. Just wondering what are the parameters that you're baking in to get there? Does this entail any of the changes that you talked about around the balance sheet strategy in terms of shortening duration as well?
Peter Crawford: Yes. Thanks, Chris. So, the 3% -- approaching -- NIM approaching 3% by the end of 2025, the primary driver of that is, again, the moderation of the client transactional cash realignment activity and the paydown of the supplemental borrowing. That is very, very accretive to our net interest margin. In terms of whether the comments that Walt provided have any influence over that, I'd just reiterate what he said, which is that is something that's evolutionary, not revolutionary. It's going to play out over multiple years. And so, it doesn't influence at all really the -- that more near-term outlook that we have for the end of -- towards the end of 2025. Thanks for the question.
Jeff Edwards: Operator, I think that time for one short question, and then we're going to close.
Operator: Absolutely. Our final question comes from the line of Devin Ryan from Citizens JMP. Please go ahead.
Devin Ryan: Just had a question about lending. And obviously, it's been an area you guys have been talking about both at the Investor Day and then today as well. Just thinking about kind of where Schwab is, your 40 basis point decline assets. I think you highlighted that the industry [Technical Difficulty] [00:57:24] percent. So just would love to get some color around where -- how much of that gap do you think you could actually close just with your, I guess, suite of products, number one. And number two, what you're comfortable going to in terms of the mix of the balance sheet, especially just given some of the evolution of the balance sheet we're talking about today as well.
Walt Bettinger: Thanks for the question, Devin. We certainly think we can expand our lending capabilities. And the way we're focused on doing that is by creating the easiest, most straightforward, client-friendly process in the industry. We've seen that within our pledged asset line program where it's now 1.7 days average cycle time to get a pledged asset line. It's actually less than a day for individual and joint accounts, but our more complex ones drive up the average time. 85% of those originations are now done digitally. These are major enhancements. And we're making other enhancements to our mortgage process, to the way we lend to our higher net worth clients and the experience they have. So, we're trying to build an experience that makes it such that our Schwab clients never want to borrow somewhere else, they want to borrow from us. So, we do think there is lots of runway to close that gap, and we're quite bullish on our -- on the opportunity here. Now, we are in an interest rate environment where there's not as much borrowing as we've seen historically, not as much rolling over of loans and things. But we are confident that we've built the process, the experience and the offer that we should be for our clients an exceptional place to borrow. And that includes our industry-leading rates for clients that have assets with us. Final comment I'd make is it's also a terrific way to add to the service that we provide to our adviser clients. Our advisers for years have been asking us to do more lending because they don't want to have to introduce another party into the relationship. And increasingly, we're able to meet their needs, which delights them, and we think we'll be able to do more of that over time.
Peter Crawford: All right. Well, I think it's my opportunity or my time to close. I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning and hearing our thoughts on the business and the opportunity in front of us. I think it's very easy to focus on very near-term practical measures. And as client cash realignment activity, plus or minus $1 billion, or supplement our borrowing or net interest margin in terms of -- which we measure in terms of basis points. And those of you who follow the Company for a long time know that we manage for the long term. We have a very long-term orientation. Our faith in our clients, our faith in our strategy, our confidence in that strategy really helps us remain focused on long term. And Walt described this year at the outset as a transitional year. And I think as we sit here halfway through the year, we feel really good about how that transition is going in terms of our strategic positioning, in terms of the completion of the Ameritrade integration and the satisfaction of those clients, in terms of the organic growth, the capital levels, and even the financial performance. And we certainly recognize the journey is not over by any means. We're feeling very confident about where we are and where we're going. Thanks, everyone, again, and we look forward to speaking with you again in October.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-15 09:00:00) =====
Jeff Edwards: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Schwab 2024 Spring Business Update. This is Jeff Edwards, Head of Investor Relations and I'm joined today by our Co-Chairman and CEO, Walt Bettinger; President, Rick Wurster; and CFO, Peter Crawford. As you saw in earnings today, we had a nice strong start to the year, so there's plenty to cover today. But before jumping in, let's quickly cover off a few of the typical housekeeping items. The slides for today's business update will be posted to the IR website at the start of Peter's remarks. Q&A is still one question, no follow-up and let's try to limit the six and seven part questions if possible. Of course, we always encourage you to jump back in the queue if additional questions come to mind. And as always, please don't hesitate to contact the Schwab IR team regarding any clarifying or some of the more tactical questions. And finally, the ever present wall of words that showcases our forward-looking statements and remind us that the future is indeed uncertain, so please stay up to date with our disclosures. And with that, I'll turn it over to Walt.
Walt Bettinger: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us for our April business update. So we began welcoming, the majority of our employees back to the office last October 1st. And as a result, I began traveling the country, hosting town halls and round tables to meet many of the employees who had joined us both before or during the pandemic and hear from them. In addition, I shared some of my perspectives on the economic environment, the strength of the Schwab franchise and my confidence for the future. After having lived and worked through many economic cycles, I shared with our people that right when things often seem the darkest, they tend to turn around and begin to appear brighter. Of course, I didn't know last fall just how accurate that would turn out to be. It's a wonderful lesson in not overreacting to things that are outside our control. As I sit here today and of course, recognizing that there are certain environmental and geopolitical risks that remain the green shoots of a turnaround in the environment are appearing and we're seeing it positively impacting virtually every area at Schwab, from investor engagement to net new assets to client cash realigning to capital building and, of course, to revenue and earnings. Combined with the timelessness of our through client size strategy and the hard work of our incredible team of Schwab employees, my optimism for the future is strong. Of course, we didn't simply wait around and wait for a better environment. Our teams have been hard at work on key areas like the Ameritrade integration, enhancing our digital capabilities and platforms and delivering the world class level of service our clients have grown to trust and expect from us. So let's go ahead and dig into the first quarter of the year. Inflation remained at relatively moderate levels during the quarter, down substantially from just over a year or two ago. And even as the market reduced expectations for the pace and extent of fed easing due to the stubborn inflation readings, the equity markets continued to move higher during the quarter. Investor sentiment continued its recovery with the bull bear spread maintaining its recent strong position. And not surprisingly, traders also began to become more active per our Schwab Trading Index or STAX looking for opportunities to benefit from the improving overall sentiment. They're encouraged by the improving environment, our clients became even more engaged in the markets, with daily average trades up 15% over the prior quarter, client borrowing or margin balances up 9% in one quarter alone. Total client interactions with Schwab were up 17%. And as they engaged more, they also took the opportunity to seek our help more often with net flows into our investment advisory solutions up almost 70% quarter-over-quarter. All these metrics reinforce the confidence our clients have in us and each of them provide support for our optimistic view of the future. Now as we progress through the quarter, we were gratified to see a resumption in the strong organic growth we've been able to produce for many decades. Highlighted by core net new assets for the quarter just shy of a $100 billion and with the month of March particularly encouraging with about $45 billion of core NNA, and that's a 6% annualized growth rate. New brokerage accounts also grew to over 1 million in the quarter. That's the first time that we've exceeded 1 million since the initial quarter of last year. Our progress in net new assets during the quarter was due at least in part to a slowing of the level of expected asset attrition from the Ameritrade integration. Although we continue to expect to see some degree of attrition throughout the balance of this year, overall attrition from former Ameritrade clients continues to moderate and remains below the levels that we anticipated when we announced the acquisition in late 2019. A major factor in the falling attrition is, of course, that clients become accustomed to the Schwab platform as well as they recognize that many of the prior Ameritrade platform features we have built into the Schwab platforms. I'll go ahead and share a little bit more around the details of how former Ameritrade retail clients are responding post conversion in terms of their promoter scores, when I move to the next slide. So speaking of retail client promoter scores, we achieved record levels as measured in the first quarter. Our overall score was 69, and interestingly, with our premier fee based advisory solution, Schwab Wealth Advisory, which some of you may know by its former name of Schwab Private Client, it reached a promoter score of 80. I think what's particularly interesting here is that we achieved this lofty score in a solution where clients are paying fees for our advice and guidance. It's clearly a reflection of just how far we have come at Schwab from our roots as purely a discount broker and the appreciation our clients have to be investments we've made and building our modern wealth management capabilities. Of course, we still offer world-class service for self-directed investors and an incredible value for fee conscious investors but the diversification of our model is building. Now as I mentioned earlier, we're also tracking our promoter scores for former Ameritrade retail clients who converted over to the Schwab platform. Now what we see there is an initial dip in those scores, probably to be expected given the changes that they face. They have to learn a new mobile app, a new website and the like. But over a fairly short period of time, their scores begin trending toward our historic scores for Schwab clients. 90 days post conversion, their scores increase on average about 25 points and after nine months, their scores have improved about 45 points. I think these results are another testament to the quality of integration and conversion work that's been done by our dedicated people who've been working on the Ameritrade conversion. And while mentioning the strength of our offerings for retail investors, we continue to be recognized by independent third parties for the quality of our platform and service. I do want to call out a special mention of the success we're achieving in our 401(k) and defined contribution business that operates under our workplace financial services arm. The premier evaluation of service providers in that industry is done by PLANSPONSOR Magazine, and they again recognize Schwab with the highest number of best-in-class awards for the seventh consecutive year, and that's more than two times the number of best-in-class awards compared to the second place finisher. A relatively remarkable run of recognition and a challenging business line where bigger is often mistaken as better. And then lastly from a third-party recognition standpoint, we were honored when JD Power named Ameritrade and Schwab as number one and number two in their satisfaction survey for self-directed investors. Ameritrade's number one ranking reflects the highest they have ever scored and it was clearly aided by the multiple Schwab enhancements that we've made to the client experience for Ameritrade users. A couple of those being the addition of our Schwab security guarantee and a substantial reduction in the speed to answer client phone calls. I think this recognition illustrates the power of the combined platforms and our decision as part of the integration to go with the best of both in design. I understand that this approach added some time to our integration efforts, but I'm confident it will pay dividends for years to come. Before I turn it over to Rick, I'd like to spend just a moment commenting on the final client transition group that is planned to convert over to Schwab next month as well as maybe summarize the overall Ameritrade integration. Next month, we'll convert the last 10% of Ameritrade client accounts and assets but this group is incredibly important and it's also unique. It's made up of our most active traders and many are power users of the thinkorswim platform. For these clients, the conversion experience should go relatively smoothly because unlike the prior four transition groups for this group, the client experience is essentially unchanged. They'll continue to have access to the trading platform, TOS that they have historically utilized while also adding all of the features and benefits of Schwab. In terms of the clients and the overall integration effort and as largely expected after initial settling in period, clients in our transition groups are engaging with Schwab and the expanded array of capabilities we offer. These clients are now beginning to bring new assets to us and their trading volumes now exceed the levels of trading they were doing pre-conversion when they were exclusively at Ameritrade. And we're not saying that all integration-related asset attrition is over just yet. But as we've shared previously, when all is said and done, we expect to have performed in line or even better than the levels of client asset and revenue attrition that we projected when we announced the acquisition in late 2019. In my opinion, the combination of the best of Ameritrade with the best of Schwab sets the bar for anyone serving retail investors and independent investment advisers alike. Our combination of platform, service, dedicated relationships, investment advisory for retail clients and expertise serving independent investment advisers is a powerful combination for driving future growth. So Rick, let me turn it over to you for some more discussion on our efforts and results during the first quarter.
Rick Wurster : Thanks, Walt and hello, everyone. Now we're coming out of the first quarter with strong momentum in our four strategic priority areas, as we continue to focus on driving scale and efficiency, win-win monetization, meaning the personalized needs of our client segments and delivering brilliantly on the basics that our clients expect. Let me start with scale and efficiency. Scale and efficiency has been a key enabler of our success and our ability to disrupt the industry. Looking back to 2013, expense per account has come down 23%. In inflation-adjusted terms, we've cut the expense to serve an account roughly in half. At the same time, as you can see on the right-hand side of the page, we have an expense advantage against our competitors. This means more of our clients' wealth is working towards meeting their goals. This is a hallmark of our business model and a driver of the virtuous cycle because it means we can reinvest back in our clients over time. With our consistent focus on expense discipline and scale combined with the synergies from the Ameritrade conversion and continuously improving our operations, we are able to drive down costs. As we look forward, we'll fully realize our planned synergies from the Ameritrade integration and we'll invest in AI. We'll invest in end-to-end process transformation and we'll invest in technology enhancements to add to our expense advantage, while making sure we continue to deliver a no-trade-offs experience to clients. Enhancing our wealth and lending offerings remains an important win-win monetization opportunity. We're making progress on both fronts. Our clients continue to seek out our advisory solutions in record numbers and we have made a number of important advancements in our lending capabilities, which clients have really appreciated. In the first quarter, we saw a record $14 billion in net flows into our advisory solutions, a 60% increase over last year. We have seen continued interest in our flagship wealth offering, Schwab Wealth Advisory, along with increased interest in Wasmer and Schwab personalized indexing. Schwab Wealth Advisory attracted a record $4.4 billion in net flows for the first quarter with approximately 30% of those enrollments coming from legacy Ameritrade households, which to us demonstrates the power of the opportunity ahead of us as we introduce more Ameritrade clients to the breadth of all we have to offer. Demand for our Wasmer Schroeder fixed income strategies continues to be strong with $2.3 billion of net flows, which is up 55% over last year. And as Walt highlighted earlier, the clients in these wealth offers are our happiest clients at Schwab. These solutions consistently achieve our highest Client Promoter Scores. As we look forward, we are investing to add capabilities to our wealth and advice platform to support our accelerated growth. Turning now to client segmentation. While we will always meet the needs of the full spectrum of investors, we continue to provide tailored offers for specific client segments. The specialized experiences we recently launched for retail high-net-worth clients, which we call Schwab Private Client Services and Schwab Private Wealth Services are just two examples. Our high-net-worth and ultra-high-net-worth client segments are among the fastest growing at Schwab and they represent approximately three quarters of our total retail client assets today. And the specialized service models that we launched last year are serving these clients well. In the first quarter, the team serving these clients answered calls on average in less than 10 seconds and 80% of the calls were resolved by the rep who first answered the phone without needing to transfer the client to another rep or group. We are adding to our product and advice capabilities for these clients with the anticipated rollout this year of an alternatives platform for retail investors. We've also launched our investor advantage pricing for clients and are working on additional lending capabilities to meet this client segment's needs. We're also continuing to invest to provide a trader client experience that is unparalleled in our industry with our Schwab trading powered by Ameritrade offer. The first quarter, we saw robust trading activity across the board, including strong continued engagement from our Ameritrade clients. Traders at Schwab have access to the thinkorswim trading platforms as well as specialized service teams and tailored education for traders of all levels of expertise and sophistication. And this is an area that we continue to invest in to maintain and expand our advantage. We doubled the number of Schwab households this quarter they used thinkorswim. We believe that our trading offer has never been stronger in terms of our execution, our platform, our service and the combined research that we offer to our clients through the research and educational capabilities of both Schwab and Ameritrade. Turning now to Brilliant Basics. We want to delight our clients with exceptional experiences in every interaction they have with us at Schwab, and we want to be the easiest place in the industry for our clients to do business. This means that we're continuing to make investments to enhance the investor experience for all of our clients. This includes digital interactions like our streamlined digital onboarding for RIAs, where they can now open and fund multiple accounts in just minutes or in our enhanced pledged asset line process, where we can now process a pledged asset line in just minutes for most loans. For the pledged asset line, the client experience is usually a conversation with their FC or their RIA to discuss the product, to discuss the rate and what assets they'd like to pledge. Clients then get a DocuSign e-mail asking them to sign to apply for the loan. The time from that e-mail to the e-mail that says the line open and is ready to draw is just about three to five minutes. The feedback from our clients on this process has been off the charts. We have also worked hard on our digital experiences to be as welcoming as possible to Ameritrade clients by incorporating the features and functionality that's of greatest importance to them. We've also enhanced our move money and self-service capabilities and incorporated DocuSign into our commonly used forms. And it also means we're providing access and intuitive experiences when and where our clients want to engage with us. Whether that's in one of our 380 branches, whether it's on the phone where clients can expect their calls to be answered in less than a minute or whether it's online through our Schwab Intelligent Assistant. With -- through clients' eyes as our foundation, investors continue to turn to us to serve their wealth management and investing needs through all market cycles. We are both ready for the final Ameritrade conversion group and ready to push forward on our four strategic focus areas to serve our clients. We believe we are well positioned to meet the evolving needs of clients and deliver organic growth in line with our historical levels. And with that, I'll turn it over to Peter.
Peter Crawford: Thank you very much, Rick. So you all heard Kurt -- Walt and Rick talked about our increasing momentum in the market driven by our no-trade-offs positioning and the satisfaction and loyalty of our existing clients; the significant progress we've made with the Ameritrade integration and the success we're having in string to unlock the substantial opportunities the combination enables and our progress and plans around our four strategic priorities, which we're confident will allow us to continue growing with both our existing clients and new to firm. In my time today, I'll review our solid first quarter financial performance. I'll provide an update on some of the key factors influencing our near-term story and I'll share some high-level thoughts on the rest of 2024, though recognizing that it's still early in the year, so we won't be sharing updated mathematical illustrations until July. The important point is that we sit here today, one year removed from the events surrounding the regional banking crisis, we are in a very strong position with nearly all key business and financial indicators improving, in some cases, substantially. We've seen meaningful progress back towards our historical pace of organic growth, a continued moderation of client cash realignment activity with the pace slowing even faster than our expectations. A further reduction in the usage of supplemental borrowing, revenue and earnings that have bounced up from the prior quarter with much more room to grow throughout this year and beyond. Continued expense discipline with head count down modestly from year-end and a full 10% lower from the year-ago levels. And finally, a continued increase in our capital levels, both our regulatory levels and those inclusive of AOCI. Now back in January, Walt and I both said that 2024 is likely to be somewhat of a transitional year from a financial standpoint, but along with steadily improving financial results, the bridge from what proved to be a challenging 2023 to what we believe is a very promising future ahead. One quarter of the way through the year that transition is well on its way, as our core earnings power is becoming less obscured by some of the near-term headwinds and our long-term financial formula that you're all familiar with growth in the client franchise, driving scale in the business, leading to improving financials and ultimately, capital return re-enters the picture. As Walt mentioned, the first quarter has been characterized by a supportive macro backdrop, increased engagement and solid organic growth. We saw that reflected in external benchmarks, such as the S&P 500 as well as key drivers of our business performance, including trading activity up 15% from the first quarter -- sorry, fourth quarter of 2023 and margin balances up 9% sequentially as well. That constructive foundation paved the way for our financial performance to improve significantly from the fourth quarter with $4.7 billion of revenue driven by a 5% sequential increase in net interest revenue and a record $1.3 billion of asset management and admin fees, an adjusted pretax margin of roughly 41%, up nearly 500 basis points sequentially and adjusted EPS of $0.74, up $0.06 from the prior quarter, a demonstration of the leverage our model provides as the headwinds we've been facing begin to abate. Now turning our attention to the balance sheet. Total assets dropped by 5% driven by the pay down of parent-level debt and the continuation, albeit at a much slower pace of the client cash realignment activity we've experienced roughly two years. We saw a notable reduction in activity from January to February and March. And the overall level of realignment in the quarter was more than 80% less than the same quarter in 2023. And within the bank was an amount that we could support with the cash flow from the investment portfolio. And that allowed us to reduce our usage of supplemental borrowing by nearly $9 billion during the quarter, bringing the total down roughly $25 billion from the peak last May. And finally, despite increasing rates during the quarter, our capital position continues to get even stronger with our consolidated Tier 1 leverage ratio rising to 8.8% and our adjusted Tier 1 leverage ratio, inclusive of AOCI and therefore, what our binding constraint would be if we lose the AOCI opt-out at Schwab Bank now at 5.7%, meaning that we're now above what will likely be the new well-capitalized standard at our banks over four years ahead of the earliest anticipated implementation date. During last quarter's update, we talked about the slowing pace of client cash realignment but we also shared our expectation that we're likely to see some typical seasonal activity to start the year. And that's indeed been the case. And while clients continue to engage in the market, both the number of newer realigners and the size of those realignment events continues to trend lower, bringing us ever closer to the point where any residual activity among existing clients will be more than offset by the contribution of cash from new accounts and making client cash realignment a story that we're optimistic will soon move to the back pages. Now as we turn our attention from the solid quarter we just completed what we expect to be a very bright future, we expect our net interest margin to expand through 2024 and 2025 and approached 3% by the end of 2025, driven mostly by the pay down supplemental borrowing. Now the actual pace of paying off that borrowing will be influenced, of course, by the level of deposit growth but also by the growth of margin balances. And why is that? Given the way that the liquidity ratio or LCR rule works for every dollar of margin balance growth, we need an extra roughly $1.50 of client cash of the broker-dealers. And that requires us to reroute some client cash balances from bank sweep to the broker-dealer cash solution. And those are balances that we'd otherwise have used to pay down the supplemental borrowing. But I want to make very clear that increased margin loans expand both our net interest margin and our net interest revenue. We are happy to carry some of these supplemental borrowings at roughly 5-ish percent to support lending activity that currently generates closer to 8%. Now on the expense side, we continue to maintain spending discipline with the objective of flattish expenses year-over-year. Even as we have grown accounts and assets during the quarter, average head count dropped roughly 3% from the fourth quarter and is down nearly 10% year-over-year. But of course, the ultimate path of expenses will depend to a certain extent on some volume-related factors such as trading and equity market valuations which, of course, correspond to revenue. And finally, we continue to expect strong growth revenue and earnings through the year with an exit velocity in the fourth quarter substantially higher than where we are today and the potential for continued sequential growth in 2025 and beyond. Now one final but important point I would make, the long-term NIM expectation I communicated is based off the dot plot forecast from a few weeks ago in anticipation that we'd see interest rates come down in the coming years. And to the extent those rates stay higher for longer that is a good thing for our business. We are asset-sensitive. A continuation of higher rates means higher yields on the -- a little bit more than 1/3 of our assets that are floating, margin loans, lend -- pledged asset lines cash, et cetera, and potentially, more time for us to capitalize on higher rates once we resume our investment activity following the pay down of our supplemental borrowing. So again, if we don't see 150 basis points of easing by the end of 2025, as the Fed suggested a few weeks ago, our net interest margin could actually exceed that 3% figure above all else being equal. Despite -- and finally, despite long-term rates that moved higher during the quarter, our capital ratios have continued to grow with our banks now all measurably above the well-capitalized level, even if AOCI is included. And we continue to expect our consolidated adjusted Tier 1 leverage ratio to reach the upper 6% range by the end of 2024, at which point we'll be in a position to at least consider potential options for resuming further capital return. And that paves the way for return to our long-term financial formula, one that combines our position as the premier asset gatherer in our industry with a track record of consistent 5% to 7% organic growth through the cycle, industry-leading client loyalty, a leadership position in the two fastest growing segments within wealth management and significant opportunity in front of us. Our diversified revenue model allowing us to convert asset growth into revenue growth with contributions from net interest revenue, asset management fees and trading and over the next several years, a major tailwind in the form of NIM expansion, a focus on disciplined expense management, highlighted by a recognition that our low-cost structure is a big competitive advantage as Rick talked about and a scalable business model that enables both margin expansion over time and investments to continue to grow the business and a business model that can combine that strong organic growth and revenue growth with more meaningful capital return as our capital levels inclusive of AOCI march higher. This is a formula that has worked in the past and it's every bit as relevant today as ever. With that, I'll turn it over to Jeff to facilitate our Q&A.
A - Jeff Edwards : Operator, can you please check the queue and see if we have any questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Worthington : You paid down $2.4 billion of Federal Home Loan Bank borrowing, $9.1 billion of CDs this quarter, so $11.5 billion in total. Is this the pace of borrowing pay down that you would expect for the next couple of quarters? And to what extent are the higher markets and greater asset levels and the solid volume helping to boost the pace of payback versus your initial expectations?
Peter Crawford : Yes, Ken. So we're certainly -- our priority is to pay down the supplemental borrowings, both the CDs and the FHLB, as quickly as we possibly can. And the pace of paying that down is really driven by the -- as I mentioned in my comments both the levels of transactional cash that we see as well as the mix of that transactional cash between the bank and the broker-dealer. So we'll do it as quickly as we can. To the extent that we see greater contributions from new accounts and a greater level of deposit growth that will accelerate that. In terms of the market engagement in the strong markets, it's really sort of two forces going on there. When markets are higher and moving higher, we do see clients more likely to change their asset allocation and move into the equity markets and that ends up being a negative for some of that cash. On the other hand, when markets are higher, clients are more engaged and so they're more likely to add to their accounts with money from outside of Schwab. And so that's certainly a positive for us as well.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.
Steven Chubak : So I wanted to ask a question on the sweep cash growth algorithm. Just given sorting is in the very late innings, the second derivative on sweep cash is steadily improving, was hoping you could speak to the proportion of new cash dollars are getting deployed into money market versus bank sweep and how that informs expectations for when sweep deposits could not only stabilize but actually begin to inflect positively.
Peter Crawford : Yes. So Steven, I would say that when you look at the new accounts, you tend to over time, look a lot like the existing accounts. They come in with a heavier portion of cash than -- but we are seeing some of the new accounts kind of realigning ahead of bringing that money -- that business to Schwab. One of the things we saw in this last quarter, for example, is we saw that our transferred accounts dollars were actually a higher portion of our net new assets than they've been for last year. That is a good thing. I mean that means we are winning business from competitors. Clients are entrusting us and choosing to ship more of their business to Schwab versus our competitors. But that also means that some of that net new assets is coming in the form of securities and mutual funds, et cetera. So it really depends. Our expectation, of course, is we will see that the realignment among the existing clients continue to moderate not necessarily go to zero, but continue to moderate and then get offset by -- as we see growth from contribution of cash from new accounts over time and we'll see a resumption of deposit growth. And over time, our transactional cash will grow with the growth in accounts and the growth of our total assets.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein : Could you guys expand a little bit more on the capital return priorities as you make your way back to higher capital ratios as you pointed out over the last couple of quarters? Would the preference be to a larger buyback, maybe kind of how we saw in the past or something else?
Peter Crawford : So certainly, capital return it remains a very important part of our financial formula. We've obviously paused our buyback at the moment to enable us to more quickly grow into what we expect will be our new capital requirements. But our baseline forecast anticipates that our capital level is growing inclusive of AOCI growing to the levels that we had excluding AOCI previously. And at that point, we expect to be in a position to at least consider, as I mentioned, returning more capital to our stockholders. Again, it's not -- we've always said our buyback is opportunistic, not programmatic, not automatic. And in terms of our capital return priorities, we always consider a few different things. We look, of course, at our dividend, which tends to grow with growth in earnings. We look at doing common buybacks. And then, of course, we also look at preferred redemptions as well. And we'd want to look at the full landscape, I guess, if you will and also take into consideration as we do so, the interest rate environment, what we're seeing from clients, the level of supplemental borrowing we have outstanding and so forth. But those are all the different aspects, the different vehicles that we consider as we think about capital return. But again, capital return is a very, very important part of our financial formula and something we think, as you look over time, will continue to be very, very important for the company.
Jeff Edwards : Hi, operator. We have a few questions that have kind of trickled in over the course of the day on the console here, so maybe let's insert one. Maybe this one is for Walt. Recognizing this is a bit of a topic to jour across most industries, could you spend a minute talking about the role of AI or artificial intelligence in Schwab's go-forward strategy?
Walt Bettinger : You're right. There's an incredible amount of hype that you have to sort through here. But we do believe that AI has a lot of long-term potential for us in making a difference in serving our various client segments. I think it -- for us, it can really impact the efficiency of service as well as enhance digital experiences for our clients. At the same time, we tend to believe that it will be the marriage of AI with humans that will deliver best for our clients. Of course, we have been very active in the use of AI for things like security and fraud detection for a number of years. And of course, the challenge is there. It's also being leveraged by bad actors. So there's a constant effort to stay a couple of steps ahead there from a security and fraud detection. I think from a productivity and efficiency standpoint, big opportunities are there. And a very simple example is take the difference between someone answering a client call who has a year of experience versus someone that has 20 years of experience that gap today, even with access to our knowledge center capability, likely exists just given the difference in tenure and experience. I would expect that gap to close dramatically given some of the projects and initiatives that we have going on with AI today that will provide real-time knowledge support for all of our reps. When you switch over to something like generative AI, I think it's going to be a while to watch that technology mature. I know that may not match some of the hype that we hear some speaking of. But I think that technology will need to mature. There will be a lot of work that will go on with regulators along the way to ensure that we can deliver for clients without some of the inherent biases that you sometimes see. But AI is a big, big opportunity for us to further delight our clients to deliver on the Brilliant Basics that Rick spoke of and continue to ensure fairness and transparency and accountability with AI usage as we navigate the opportunities that will be present there.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken : Given that today is April 15 and we have our taxes due, hoping that you could give us an update around what trends you've seen around tax payments month to date and maybe an early read on how this tax season compares with other tax seasons you've seen.
Peter Crawford : Sure, Brennan. So we're still not all the way through -- obviously, through the tax season. But I would say on the whole this tax season is proceeding, generally speaking consistent with our expectations. It looks a lot more like tax seasons from years prior to '22 and '23 with more of our clients' cash being in money funds. A lot more of the tax payments are being paid by -- through redemptions of those money funds, again, not surprisingly. So, overall consistent with what we've seen and again in previous years before '22 and '23.
Operator: Our next question comes from Devin Ryan with Citizens JMP.
Devin Ryan : So you guys have about $350 billion more in money market balances today than you guys did at the beginning of 2022 when the Fed policy shifted. So if the path of interest rates is lower from here, how sticky are those balances? And do you think your money flowing out of money market funds over time, is that a net opportunity for Schwab or is it drag? I guess it would just seem to matter where some of that money would flow. So it'd be great to get an update there given how large those balances are today?
Peter Crawford : Yes. So I guess I would want to split that into two pieces. You're right. So obviously, balances of money funds are certainly a lot higher today than they were a few years ago and obviously higher than when we were in the zero interest rate environment. To the extent that money -- so it depends on why that money is flowing out of money funds. If it's flowing out of money funds into the equity markets, in the mutual funds, et cetera, of course, it then depends on what the vehicle is. If it's flowing out of money funds into cash on our balance sheet, then clearly, that's a positive for us from a revenue standpoint. What I'd say is if interest -- our expectation is if interest rates fall modestly under 100 basis points or something like that you'd see a -- over time, you'd see a little bit of a shift in the proportion of cash that's sitting in those transactional cash solutions like bank sweep and the broker-dealer cash solution versus money funds. It's not going to happen immediately. It's not like people sell their money funds when rates fall by 75 basis points. But what happens is if they need cash, they may sell a money fund. And if they want to -- if the cash accumulates, then maybe on the margin somewhat less likely to put that into a money fund. And so over time, you see that shift change slightly. Where you see a much more dramatic impact would be if -- of course, if rates fall back to levels that we saw in 2020 and 2021. That tends to be the period of time where you'd see a much more significant reduction or shift from money funds onto transactional cash. And the nice thing about that -- is -- that is something where -- in an environment like that, where spreads on some of our floating rate assets compress, having more of that cash on our balance sheet allows us to offset some or all of that impact. So it is sort of some dry powder, if you will that helps mitigate the revenue -- potential revenue impact from a very low interest rate environment.
Jeff Edwards : I'm going to push out one more of those console questions here. I think this one is for Rick. It was great to see the interest from the Ameritrade side in terms of enrollments in Schwab Wealth Advisory. Maybe a little more color about what other advice solutions they're gravitating towards?
Rick Wurster : Jeff, maybe before I dive into the wealth solutions they're gravitating towards, I'll just make a comment about the overall integration. We've gone through now four transition weekends. We'll have our fifth coming up shortly. From an operational standpoint, those have gone exceptionally well. And as Walt shared earlier, the more time Ameritrade clients spend at Schwab, the happier they become, as you see the robust expansion in their Client Promoter Scores. We're now getting to what I think is the most exciting part of the combination, which is the ability to introduce the combined capabilities of our two firms to both sets of clients. And we've seen the number of Schwab clients that are using thinkorswim, we saw those double in the first quarter. So our Schwab clients are taking advantage of one of the great capabilities of Ameritrade, which was its trading and educational platform. And we're seeing the same thing happen for Ameritrade clients. Our wealth platform, we think is incredibly strong. And we've been able to introduce it to the Ameritrade clients through our relationship building and through a different approach to engaging with clients that's holistic and wealth and financial planning-oriented. And that has led to much greater engagement and wealth solutions among Ameritrade clients than in the past. In fact, we've seen 97% of legacy Ameritrade FCs have opened up some form of wealth or advice solutions in the first quarter. In terms of your specific question, what they're gravitating towards, Jeff, the majority of the assets are going towards full-service wealth solutions either our Schwab Wealth Advisory capability or our Schwab Advisor Network, which makes RIAs available to our clients. They've also gravitated towards Schwab Personalized Indexing and to Wasmer Schroeder. So those would be the four, but the majority of flows are going to full-service wealth. And that's exactly the power of the combination that we thought we'd see and we're seeing it. And what's most gratifying about that for us is that on the other end of that is a client who's like we're making a big difference in. So we're excited about these trends.
Operator: And our next question is from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell : Maybe just back on the balance sheet, Peter in relation to the tax season. Assuming, obviously, that we'd get a contraction in the balance sheet in the month of April just given tax season but can you talk a little bit more about investing client risk on behavior investing in assets and then that coming more from the money market funds versus the transactional cash? And maybe just your confidence that the earning assets could rebuild throughout the year back to 1Q levels at the end of March or even potentially exceed that?
Peter Crawford : Yes. So I'm not sure entirely -- I guess what I'd say is, let me just try to answer your question maybe a little bit higher level, so -- without making serve prediction around where we're going to end the year, right? Back in January, we shared those mathematic illustrations steering clear of giving you a specific prediction. And the reason we did that is because the actual pace of deposit growth depends on a number of factors that are frankly hard to anticipate, right? It depends on what's going to happen with interest rates, investor sentiment, the pace of new account formation and the level of the contribution of cash from those new accounts. And those same dynamics are true today. As I mentioned, our clients -- in a strong equity market, clients tend to be net buyers of equities, although the impact is probably not as great as you might think. Oftentimes, when I look at the daily flows of into and out of equities. And oftentimes, you'll see our clients buying equities on those down days because they end up seeing it as an opportunity to step into the market and buy the dip if it -- as it were. I think the more significant impact is that at a time when the markets are -- when clients are feeling more enthusiastic, when investor sentiment is higher, they do tend to put more money into their accounts, both cash as well as they're more engaged in their accounts. And what we've seen over time is that when clients are more engaged in the investing process that is a period of time when we tend to win that -- when clients sort of pick up their head and sort of look around and say, I want to invest they tend to shop around a little bit more and in those situations, we tend to be a winner in terms of business. And so that, I think is part of the reason that we've seen a very strong transfer of accounts this quarter and we're gratified by that and hope that continues.
Operator: Our next question is from Bill Katz with TD Cowen.
Bill Katz : Maybe just to mix up the topics a little bit. Peter just coming back to expense guide for a moment. Q1 tends to be rather seasonally strong just given FICA and sort of payroll increases, et cetera. The 2.8 sort of annualized out to just over $11 billion, but just given head count reduction year-to-date and seasonal dynamics, how should we be thinking about the sort of full year bogey right now and the incremental margin on revenues?
Peter Crawford : So Bill, we'll provide an updated expense outlook in our July update. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're targeting flattish expense growth. We've definitely taken steps to limit our expenses and have been very disciplined in terms of the hiring and so forth. And that's why you've seen our overall labor equivalents come down from the end-of-year levels. Over the course of this year, we'll continue to capture some of the remaining expense synergies related to the Ameritrade integration with the expectation that we'll have fully captured those on a run rate basis by the end of this year. I'm not going to get into sort of exactly timing around sort of when in the year we're going to capture those expense synergies but that's certainly our expectation. So we're targeting flattish expense growth. As you know, Bill, from following our company for a while, there are some expenses that grow and fall with levels of client engagement, things like trading. There's trading pass-through expenses that are aligned with revenue. There's third-party expenses that go up and down based on equity market valuations. There's, of course, our bonus funding, which goes up and down based off of our financial performance. So those are a little bit harder to gauge. But again, if they're going up that's certainly good from a revenue standpoint. But our objective right now is -- and continues to be to very disciplined on expenses and with the objective of maintaining that in a flattish level for the full year.
Jeff Edwards : Another question from the console here, this one is from Chris Ryan at Barclays. Walt, maybe you could start with this one. It's a question on retail competitive landscape. There's competitors that have been in the market with fairly attractive deposit matches, which appear to be driving cash inflows for the firms. Is this something that the firm is worthy of some sort of competitive response? Or is it something that Schwab isn't really worried about?
Walter Bettinger : Let me first say that the least innovative thing any company can do in our industry is to buy business by giving someone cash. It is certainly a strategy that some firms employ. It is not a sustainable strategy over any period of time. It is not a sustainable strategy when you're talking about meaningful dollars. There have been some rare circumstances where we have chosen on certain clients to respond to those offers. When we have responded, we have been able to retain the clients that we wanted to retain for about 15% of what maybe an alternative firm might be offering in terms of cash, which I think is an interesting reflection of the way the client values the difference in their experience. There have been some clients that we have let go without offering any incentive to stay. Generally speaking, those are clients who have chosen to move assets that they have no intention of trading with or doing anything different with. So as an example, a client might have a significant holding in a given stock of Microsoft, NVIDIA, something like that. And they'll take advantage of one of these offers and move those individual positions while leaving the rest of their assets at Schwab. Knowing that they're not going to liquidate or trade or do anything with those assets and proactively telling us that as soon as the required holding period expires, they'll move those assets back to Schwab. So again, it's something that goes on in our industry and we watch it very, very closely but it is not innovative and it is not sustainable as a means to grow. The only way to grow is to delight clients, offer them no trade-offs, operate your business through clients' eyes. That's the only way to have any form of sustainable organic growth. And we like our track record at that and are incredibly optimistic about our future with those approaches.
Operator: And our next question is from Kyle Voigt with KBW.
Kyle Voigt : Just given the steady progress now on supplemental funding pay down and as we look out over the next 12 months or so, it seems that we could be a zone whereby the securities book is no longer in runoff and you begin to reinvest or even grow the book. I'm wondering if we could get an update on how you're thinking about the ideal structure of securities portfolio in terms of fixed float mix and duration over the medium term. And should we expect any changes to your historical views on balance sheet structure as we get towards growing total interest-earning assets once again?
Peter Crawford : Sure. So we're still going through the process of thinking through that. You're right, we will be in a position, of course, to resume our reinvestment. I would characterize the sort of balance sheet changes being evolutionary versus revolutionary, we've always assumed that when we lose the AOCI opt-out that we would need to be very mindful about the size and duration of our available-for-sale portfolio given the potential variability -- capital variability that would create. And so I think you'll see us take some steps to manage that duration appropriately. What that does in terms of if you think about our overall consolidated asset duration of sort of 2 to 2.5 years, sort of top of the house that's still really a TBD. But I think on the AFS portfolio, again, you'll see us take steps to manage that. As I say, I think the overall changes, they are going to be evolutionary versus, again, not revolutionary.
Jeff Edwards : Looks like we have maybe time for one last question. So just given the continued interest here, maybe we'll do this last one from the console. And maybe Walt, you could start off. Just around the general approach that clients are taking on their cash and the continued evolution of those realignment trends more recently.
Walter Bettinger : Yes. And of course, Peter touched a little bit on it on the earlier question around equity trades. I think if you look at the supplemental metrics that we provide with our earnings, it really tells an important story that the notion of client cash realigning is a story of 2022 and the early parts of 2023. When I look at overall balance sheet cash over the last six months, it's down $8 billion. And at the same time, if I look over the last six months, for example, adjusted large capitalization stock purchases, which is the largest category by far of equity trades that clients do with us, those are up $25 billion. And so the concept of realigning is just sort of one that has played itself out. We were very early in the process. We were very proactive at reaching out to our clients, encouraging them to move their non-transactional or what we call investment cash into higher-yielding alternatives. Not surprising when you're proactive and explain the benefit of that to a client, they take advantage of it. And they did, and they did early in the process. And today, that's just not a meaningful part of our story. One last comment on it. I know there were past periods where people try to equate the growth in purchase money funds to impact around client cash realigning. And I know Peter was particularly clear in emphasizing the danger and doing so that they really weren't correlated. Again, go back over those last six months, where balance sheet cash went down about $8 billion in total, purchase money funds is up $80 billion. So there's really no correlation there at this point in time. The story of client cash realigning has played out.
Jeff Edwards: Great, Walt. I'll turn it over here to Peter to close this up.
Peter Crawford: All right. Well, thank you, Jeff and Rick and Walt, and thank you all very much for joining us and hearing our thoughts on the state of our business and the opportunities in front of us. We're certainly gratified by the momentum we're building and the progress we're making on the integration of Ameritrade and really unleashing as Rick talked about, the potential of the combined firm, the resumption of our historical organic growth rate and really unlocking that core earnings power. We're certainly mindful that we have a lot of work ahead of us, but we're really excited about the future. And we're looking forward to sharing more about what fuels that excitement at our Investor Day in May next month. I hope to see many of you there. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-17 11:46:04) =====
Jeff Edwards: Hello, everyone, and Happy New Year. Welcome to the Schwab 2024 Winter Business Update. This is Jeff Edwards, Head of Investor Relations, and I hope everyone is still on track for their respective resolutions. While it is the New Year, we are joined by the same Venable panel of presenters, our Co-Chairman and CEO, Walt Bettinger; President, Rick Wurster, and CFO, Peter Crawford. Obviously, a bit of a different structure to Winter Business Update this time around to be 100% virtual, but you'll still get the same in-depth perspectives from the team regarding client trends and behavior, continued progress on strategic initiatives, and the tremendous opportunity we see on the horizon. Before diving in, let's quickly review the rules of the road for today. Q&A remains one question, no follow-up, though we certainly encourage you to jump back into the queue if additional questions come to mind. As always, please don't hesitate to contact the Schwab IR team to work through any clarifying or some of your more tactical questions. And the slides for today's update will be posted to the IR website following peers' remarks. And certainly, last but not least, the forward-looking statements page reminding us all that the future is uncertain, so please stay up-to-date with our disclosures. And with that, Walt.
Walt Bettinger: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us for our January Business Update. We're here in Frigid Westlake, Texas, where I think it was 15 degrees when I hopped in the vehicle this morning to come to the office. But Happy New Year and again, thank you all for joining us. So as we close the book on 2023 and begin thinking about 2024, it seems like a natural time to reflect on the year that just closed. It was certainly a challenging year for our clients, for our stockholders, and for us. Perhaps it was the most challenging in my time at Schwab, certainly the most challenging since the bursting of the Internet bubble in 2000. And yet at the same time, I couldn't be more excited about the opportunities before us. In 2024, you're going to see an emphasis on execution, but with consistency around our strong client fundamentals and strategy. I recognize that 2024 is going to be a transition year from a financial standpoint, albeit one with steadily improving financial results throughout the year and a very strong exit into 2025. It's unrealistic to think that the challenges of 2023 simply disappear, because the calendar flips over. But when I look ahead to 2025, 2026, and 2027, I'm quite confident that the power of our client franchise is going to shine in terms of financial results. There's much work to do in 2024 and beyond, and no one at Schwab is kidding themselves that everything is perfect right now. But my confidence is high. I'm incredibly encouraged by what I see, whether it's our positioning, our client relationships, the solutions that we offer our clients, or the focus of the entire organization on the future. If I could take you back in time to the mid-2000s, that was a period when Chuck first began speaking with me about the possibility of becoming CEO someday. And as a result of those discussions, I went on a listening tour of former very Senior Executives of Schwab. My goal is simply to ask them their views on the firm and our prospects for the future. It's important to keep in mind that many of them had been let go or terminated in the turmoil that followed the Internet bubble bursting. They had experienced this incredible run-up in the value of the firm, followed by the pain of multiple rounds of employee layoffs and a stock price that had collapsed from the 50s to mere single digits. And although each of them used different words, they all basically said the same thing they were fearful that Schwab Best Days were in the past. I tried to absorb their counsel and their feedback objectively, of course, I was balancing the personal challenges that they had each been through as I listen to their feedback. But I fundamentally did not believe that the firm's best days were in the past. There were far too many strengths for me to believe that. And over a few years, with a lot of hard work by many people, I believe it's pretty clear that we proved them wrong. As our stock price grew over ten-fold and assets, the clients entrusted us with grew similarly. I understand that today there are some who might be asking similar questions, but I am confident that our Best Days are ahead of us. In my opinion, after four decades in this business, there is no firm better positioned for the future. No firm has our breadth of client solutions, investing, trading, custody, advisory workplace. And all delivered with an incredible value for investors and advisors. I expect us to make steady progress in both client flows and financial performance throughout this upcoming year, and then I fully expect us to deliver outstanding results over the following years. So let's go ahead and dig in to 2023. It was a year of many twists and turns for our investor clients as well as for our stockholders. And all the while we made substantial progress on the largest acquisition related conversion in the history of our industry. Coming on off a difficult 2022 for investors, the first quarter of 2023 began with turmoil in the regional banking world. Investor sentiment bounced between negative and positive throughout the year before eventually ending quite positive. Equity returns were strong in 2023, although largely concentrated in a modest number of stocks. For Schwab stockholders, it was a difficult year. Our stock lost about 17% of its value. The core reasoning behind most of this decline is our commitment to proactively following our through-client size strategy. Because throughout 2022 and 2023, we reached out to our clients and encouraged them to move their yield-sensitive, or what we sometimes refer to as longer-term investment cash, into higher-yielding alternatives. And they did, to the tune of several $100 billion. And an and aside although these actions have temporally impacted our revenue and earnings, we would do the same thing every time. The client loyalty that we build by being proactive will pay dividends in the long-term as clients continue to entrust us with their investment dollars. Progress on the Ameritrade conversion was exceptional with about 90% of the client accounts and assets all accurately and successfully converted. And despite the substantial focus on this effort, we continue to make real progress on other client-related initiatives that help set the table for future organic growth. Let's go ahead on this slide and take a deeper look into 2023 from the lens of our investor clients. The open market committee of the federal reserve continued to recover from the mistaken transitory inflation viewpoint they raised rates multiple times in 2023 before peaking at close to 5.5%, as inflation began to ease directionally toward the Fed's long-term goal of 2%. And although equity markets continue to be volatile, ultimate returns were actually quite strong, with the S&P 500 rising over 20% and the NASDAQ composites increasing over 40%. Investor sentiment was also volatile throughout 2023. It recovered rather dramatically in the fourth quarter of the year from a strong bear sentiment in the third quarter and ended the year with a solid bullish viewpoint. But despite this mixed sentiment, our clients remained highly engaged with the markets and with Schwab. Clients were net purchasers of equities last year by a 1.2 to 1 ratio, and although trading activity was about 10% lower than in 2022, it was still much higher than pre-pandemic levels. And net flows into our retail advisory solutions were a very strong $33 billion. Last year was a solid year in terms of client flows for our firm, particularly given the volatility of the markets and the negative sentiment that existed throughout much of the year. Core net new assets were slightly above $300 billion, and core net new assets from clients who originally opened their accounts with Schwab were about $30 billion higher. The difference, of course, reflecting the attrition from certain former Ameritrade clients. Now in terms of the Ameritrade conversion, we've converted approximately 90% of the accounts and assets, that totals about $1.6 trillion in assets and 15 million accounts. And we'll convert the balance in May of this year. There's no question that this conversion has been a success. Attrition continues to track below the estimates that we shared in 2019 when the transaction was announced. Of course, we hate losing any clients, but we're realistic that some attrition is to be expected, and also knowing that we would be proactively stepping away from serving certain former Ameritrade clients for a variety of logical reasons. Stepping back a bit to look at the bigger picture, we are committed to our through client-side strategy, and it underlines our no tradeoffs execution. We believe the backbone of organic growth is delivered by focusing on four areas: value, service, transparency, and trust with both our clients, as well as our prospects. Now the ultimate measure of value for clients is the balance between the quality of service and guidance they receive and the revenue we earn that pays for this service and guidance. And we don't believe any investment services firm delivers a better value than Schwab. The quality of our service is well recognized, and I'm going to go ahead and speak on that a little bit more momentarily. And the revenue we earn averages less than one quarter of 1%. In fact, we've almost halved what clients pay us in one form or another over the past 20-years. When you compare that to what investors pay certain wirehouses or independent broker dealers or regionals, Schwab clients paid between approximately half or even in some cases close to a quarter of what they pay these other firms. Now that difference adds up to an enormous drag on client wealth creation over the years. It's one of the key structural advantages that clients of Charles Schwab benefit from. And we've been recognized for many years as a leader in client service in the financial services world. And despite the complexities inherent in the Ameritrade conversion, we retained our world-class results in 2023 for client service. Our net promoter score in our retail business remained in the mid-60s, while our overall speed to answer phone calls was about 30 seconds, with retail averaging just below 20 seconds last year. Now these metrics are very important as our reputation for service and creating client loyalty extends across all of our client-facing businesses. Delivering world-class service is a never-ending area of emphasis, requires training, investment in digital and self-service capabilities, as well as a philosophical deep belief in the nobility of service. Service has always been at the core of our success at Schwab and will always remain so. Transparency is also a hallmark of Schwab, whether it be defined as our open architecture approach to investing, the clarity of any fees or charges assessed to our clients, or the fact that we've been a leader in both guaranteeing the security of our clients' assets, as well as their overall satisfaction. Our satisfaction guarantee is unique across the industry. It's provided our clients with the confidence they deserve as they make investment decisions. And although the payments we've historically made under this satisfaction guarantee are relatively modest, we believe deeply in the philosophy of guaranteeing our clients delight with our services and guidance. We often say at Schwab that we are less in the investment business than we are in the trust business. And this was never more true than in 2023. As clients wanted to access their client cash that we held at our banks, we ensured they had ample liquidity to move that cash into money market funds, bonds, treasuries or other investments. And while this happened more quickly than we would have expected given the unparalleled pace of Fed rate moves, our contingency plans worked as designed to ensure that we could always be there to support our clients. As a result, during a period of heightened concern about bank stability across the industry last spring, our clients were able to have confidence in Schwab. We're honored that both JD Power and Investor's Business Daily gave our firm and our bank the highest scores in the areas of investor satisfaction and trust, respectively, last year. And we're committed to maintaining and building trust with our clients in the years to come. Before I turn it over to Rick, I want to take a moment to remind everyone that our strategies, our philosophies, and our execution at Schwab are not random. We evaluate everything we do by screening it through a series of lens that apply our experience and knowledge about the investing industry, both today as well as where it's headed in the future. We categorize these viewpoints into three buckets and they may look familiar to those of you who've dialed into our calls in the past. Broad trends, client views, and the competitive landscape. If I were to highlight the viewpoints on these three buckets, it would be: first, we are ideally positioned to benefit from growth in the areas of the industry that have grown the fastest in recent years and project the most organic growth potential for the future. Self-directed investors and traders, RIAs serving as a fiduciary to their clients, and low-cost, tax-aware investing. Next, clients are looking for firms that offer a breadth of solutions that are personalized for them and make sense within the context of a financial plan. Ideally, firms should be able to assist clients with both sides of their balance sheet, investing and borrowing. We believe the future will be won by firms that find the right balance between offering digital and mobile efficiency on par with non-financial services experience and of course paired with access to well-trained and credentialed professionals. Not surprising, given our viewpoints, we believe Schwab is optimally positioned for long-term organic growth. Rick, let me turn it over to you.
Rick Wurster: Thank you, Walt, and Good morning, everyone. Schwab is in a position of strength to deliver on the client expectations that Walt just spoke about. I'll spend our time together this morning talking about how we delivered for clients in 2023 within the strategic focus areas that you see on this page. I'll also share more about the investments we're making to continue building on our strong foundation, so we can do even more to help our current and future clients meet their financial goals, which in turn will bolster our organic growth and our competitive positioning. I'll start with scale and efficiency. Our number one priority in 2023 was to execute the largest integration in the history of the industry. And it has been a tremendous success. As Walt highlighted, we brought about 90% of Ameritrade clients to Schwab, representing $1.6 trillion in converted assets, 7,000 RIA firms, and 15 million total converted accounts. While clients are getting used to navigating a new experience and a different way of doing things, they are also seeing the breadth of capabilities on our combined platform. We also focused in 2023 on reducing expenses. We captured approximately $500 million in annual run rate expense savings through streamlining our operating model, which included position eliminations from predominantly non-client facing areas, as well as reducing our real estate footprint. The remaining $400 million in Ameritrade expense synergies will be realized in the second-half of 2024 following the completion of the integration. When we think about win-win monetization, we think about meeting more of our clients total financial needs, including more holistic solutions, lending capabilities, and access to high-quality, fairly priced products. This attracts and retains client assets and at the same time improves our economics. We generated strong results in our advice business with a 29% year-over-year increase in net advised flows, including $12 billion in net flows into our proprietary full-service wealth management solution, Schwab Wealth Advisory. This is a record for our firm. Wasmer Schroeder net flows were $6.7 billion, a record for the offer and a 90% increase over the prior year. And when it comes to direct indexing, we've enhanced our Schwab personalized indexing offer with expanded customization capabilities, a new account level digital dashboard, and digital enrollment. We launched our fully digital Pledged Asset Line, or PAL, for RIA clients that gives advisors the ability to submit a PAL application in minutes, and clients can get approved in hours for straightforward applications and in just days for complex situations. We also launched Schwab Investing Themes, which allows self-directed investors to buy and sell themes of securities that align with their personal interests and values, all available through schwab.com as well as our mobile app. Finally, our goal in the third focus area is to see through clients' eyes to meet the unique needs of each of our clients' segments. Highlights from the last year include introducing our specialized asset-based segments for retail high net worth and ultra-high net worth clients, which we call Schwab Private Client Services and Schwab Private Wealth Services. These tailored offers meet the unique needs of these clients who represent about 70% of our retail assets. Schwab Private Client Services includes access to a financial consultant, dedicated service, expanded access to specialists, as well as products and fee discounts. Schwab Private Wealth Service delivers all that plus prioritized service, enhanced support, expedited requests, priority access to wealth specialists and exclusive events, pricing benefits, American Express Statement Credit, bank benefits, and more. We also in 2023 launched Schwab Trading powered by Ameritrade, a reimagined trading experience made possible by the combination of the best of Schwab and Ameritrade. All clients can now access the thinkorswim trading platform, giving them access to a unique combination of powerful tools and dedicated service from experienced trading professionals alongside education for all levels of experience. We also in 2023 enhanced our offer for all RIA clients. All clients can now access thinkpipes, our thinkpipes trading platform, which offers real-time charting, pre and post-trade allocations, and complex options functionality. In addition, we launched Ameritrade's iRebal and Model Market Center on Schwab Advisor Center, and are taking a measured approach to ensure a seamless onboarding experience for new iRebal users, with general access rolling out early this year. Finally, we acquired the family wealth alliance to expand our capabilities to serve both single-family and multi-family offices. As we look ahead in 2024, we will continue to focus on and make investments in our key strategic focus areas to drive our organic growth, fuel our virtuous cycle, and help clients achieve their financial goals. One thing I'll point out about this page is that given our focus on continuing to make Schwab an easy place to do business, we are adding a fourth pillar to our strategic focus areas called EASE, which is about delivering exceptional and easy experiences to our clients. With 35 million client accounts, serving our clients exceptionally well will be a big driver of our organic growth. When we think about scale and efficiency, we're laser focused on successfully converting the final Ameritrade client transition group and then capturing our remaining expense synergies. We'll continue making investments in artificial intelligence to empower our teams to serve clients even more effectively. And finally, we will invest in automation and systems modernization over the next several years, allowing us to drive greater efficiency. Win-win monetization remains an important opportunity where we can both delight clients and boost our revenue. Looking ahead, we'll continue to make investments to enable clients to keep more of their financial life with us, including a continued focus on lending capabilities that meets the needs of more clients across both IS and AS. We'll enhance our wealth and advice offerings, including making continued investments in Schwab Wealth Advisory. We'll continue to build on our momentum with personalized investing solutions, and we'll continue to broaden the breadth and depth of product offerings with new offers like alternative investments. And we continue to do work to integrate the workplace experience more into Schwab, allowing our workplace clients to benefit from all we have to offer at Schwab. Within client segmentation, we'll remain focused on meeting the unique needs of our client segments, including our higher net worth clients, traders, and RIAs. Part of this is providing differentiated client experiences, just as we've done this year with the new retail high net worth and ultra-high net worth offers that I spoke to earlier. This also means enhanced service models, specialized capabilities, our powerful trading platform, and our tailored education. Our fourth focus area is Ease. With the size of our asset base, we can drive growth by simply delivering easy and exceptional experiences to our existing clients. This is where you'll see us continue to invest to make Schwab the easiest place in the industry to do business. And it's important to remember something Walt highlighted earlier. Our client's frame of reference for Ease is not just other financial services firms, it's the experiences they have on Amazon or Uber or DoorDash, and that's the measure of ease we are striving to accomplish. We want every experience a client has with us to be an exceptional one. That means we'll continue to make enhancements on all of our channels. We'll continue to digitize client workflows and to make sure our clients have access when and where they want it, whether that's on schwab.com or the mobile app, or when they call or chat with our service teams or walk into a branch. We believe that the combination of these efforts will help power our long-term organic growth. Guided by our seeing through client-size strategy, we are well positioned to retain our clients and to win new ones, fueling our organic NNA growth over the long-term. I've spoken about Schwab's unique strengths in this forum in the past. We have a top one or two position in the two fastest growing segments of financial services. Our strengths will help us attract assets from our existing clients, including our younger client base, valuable dedicated relationships, strong RIA growth, and our emphasis on ease. We'll attract new clients for the combination of the strength of our brand, our proven retail acquisition model, and our continued commitment to serving RIAs. And with the four strategic focus areas I just talked through, we'll be able to meet evolving client needs while making it easier for clients to keep more of their financial lives with us, helping us attract NNA over the long-term. Schwab's future is bright, and before I turn it over to Peter, I'd like to spend just a couple more minutes talking about some of the exciting opportunities ahead. One of our biggest opportunities is to fully harness the powerful combination of Schwab and Ameritrade. While it is still relatively early days, when we look at our Ameritrade clients, we know they are already benefiting from the breadth of Schwab's capabilities, including both lending and wealth. 95% of former Ameritrade FCs have helped the client find a solution to their needs by enrolling them in a Schwab wealth solution. And former Ameritrade FCs accounted for about 20% of our record Schwab wealth advisory net flows in 2023. Todays, former Ameritrade client advice penetration is at approximately 10%, which is above historical levels. Schwab clients are benefiting as well. We launched the new Schwab trading powered by Ameritrade experience in October, and at year-end, more than 80,000 Schwab clients had created new thinkorswim accounts. And about 20% of new to firm retail clients opted to access a thinkorswim account. The opportunity ahead for us is tremendous. We have about a 12% share of the market, and we serve the two fastest growing segments. I just spoke about our early wins and increasing Ameritrade advice penetration. As we continue to win here, we believe we have a $500 billion plus share of wallet NNA opportunity ahead of us. And we believe the win-win monetization opportunities I've spoken about represent a 3.5 billion to 4 billion wealth management and bank lending revenue opportunity. To wrap up, our through-client size strategy continues to guide us into the next chapter. We're in the final stages of the Ameritrade integration, and we've made meaningful progress across our key strategic focus areas in the last year. Looking ahead, we are well positioned to continue our healthy organic growth, and the opportunities in front of us remain highly attractive, both for Schwab and for our clients. And with that I'll turn it over to Peter.
Peter Crawford: Well thank you very much Rick. So Walt and Rick talked about how our no trade-off positioning continues to resonate with both clients and prospects. The continued progress we're making with the Ameritrade acquisition, with the final transition group scheduled for May, our achievements and priorities around scale and efficiency, win-win monetization, segmentation, and our newer priority ease, and the large opportunity in front of us over the coming years. In my time today, I'll briefly review our 2023 financial performance, provide an update on client cash realignment, and share some thoughts on 2024. The important point is that in the fourth quarter and really over the last nine months, we continue to see notable improvement across the various tactical metrics on which there has been a lot of focus lately, including the pace of client cash reallocation activity, the level of supplemental borrowing we're utilizing, and our capital levels inclusive of AOCI. And what that means is that 2024 is likely to be somewhat of a transitional year from a financial standpoint, but with steadily improving financial results that bridge from what proved to be a challenging 2023 to what we believe is a very promising future ahead. And so while environmental factors may not allow progress to follow a strictly linear path, we believe we're moving ever closer to the point where the noise partially obscuring our long-term growth should dissipate and our relatively straightforward financial formula should begin to reassert itself once again powered by solid organic growth, our diversified business model converting that asset growth into strong revenue growth through the cycle; continued expense discipline, producing growing margins. And as our tangible capital levels continue to grow, the return of meaningful opportunistic capital return. In other words, a resumption of the proven model that you are all familiar with and that has delivered for clients and stockholders for over five decades. As Walt mentioned, 2023 was an eventful year for many of our clients and certainly a challenging one for our business model. And so not surprisingly, our financial performance was off 2022's record levels with a little under $19 billion of revenue and $3.13 of adjusted EPS. But despite those financial headwinds, we still produced an adjusted pre-tax margin of over 40%. Our fifth consecutive year doing so, which demonstrates the strength and resilience of our business model through a wide range of environments. Now turning our attention to the balance sheet. The big story last year, of course, was the roughly 30% decline in client cash on our balance sheet, of which over 80% moved in the first-half of the year. This was the outcome of clients moving some of their cash into higher-earning alternatives, as Walt mentioned, that was often with our active support and encouragement. And importantly, that money is staying at Schwab, as evidenced by the approximately $200 billion increase in purchase money funds and over $225 billion increase in fixed income in CDs our clients hold. And we supported some of that activity by utilizing temporary or supplemental borrowing, including both FHLB advances and Schwab Bank CDs. And at just under $80 billion at the end of the quarter, those have fallen by more than $17 billion from the peak level reached in May. And finally, our capital position continues to get even stronger with our consolidated Tier 1 leverage ratio rising to 8.5% and our adjusted Tier 1 leverage ratio, inclusive of AOCI, and therefore what our binding constraint would be if we lose the AOCI opt-out, at Schwab Bank now nearly 5.4%, meaning we are now meeting what will likely be the new quote well capitalized standard at our banks over four years ahead of the anticipated full implementation date. During last quarter's update, we talked about the slowing pace of client cash realignment over the preceding months. And in November, our clients actually added to their transactional cash balances. And then in December, we saw an approximately $15 billion increase in transactional sweep cash. Now, historically, December flows benefit from seasonal factors, but even so, when you compare December 2023 to December 2022, it is quite clear that this dynamic is receding as an important driver for us. You can also see that trend when you look at purchase money fund flows and specifically that minority of those net flows that are funded from client cash on the balance sheet. Now, as we turn our attention to 2024, our near-term financial performance will, as always, be shaped by external factors that are difficult to predict. Interest rates, equity market performance, and client trading activity. And then given the much larger sensitivity to client cash allocations, given where interest rates are today than they were, let's say three years ago, that will, of course, be a significant factor. So let's talk about this one. And given the importance of this, let's spend a bit more time here. There are really three main forces that will influence the trend of our clients' transactional cash during 2024. Any remaining client cash realignment from existing clients, the contribution of cash we attract from new clients, which I'll talk about in a moment, is the source of the greatest uncertainty moving forward, and seasonal dynamics that are generally similar every year, but can vary based on environmental conditions. We'll start with the behavior of our existing clients. And as we've discussed, we're clearly in the very late innings of the client cash realignment activity. You can see it in the monthly reporting we have shared, whether you look at total balances, balances per account, or cash as a percent of assets. And that high level trend is supported by various dynamics you see when you look under the hood. We're seeing stabilization of activity among both RIA and retail clients. Now we've talked about how cash realignment is an event, not a process. And we're seeing a decrease in both the number of those events and the average amount of the cash being realigned. Now while we have a high degree of confidence in our ability to predict the behavior of our existing clients, it's a bit harder to do so with new clients over a very short timeframe, like a year. Now, that contribution depends on the level of new clients we attract and the size of those accounts. And then how much of the net new assets comes in the form of cash and stays there, which will be influenced by investor sentiment, quantitative tightening by the Fed, inflation, savings rates, and so forth. And then you throw in that this is an election year, which normally brings an elevated degree of volatility, makes these predictions even tougher. And what this means is that while we have seen throughout our history that over time, cash balances grow with the growth in accounts and assets, over a shorter period, like a quarter or a year, it's harder to gauge exactly how much new accounts will contribute. And finally, the evolution of transactional cash over the course of 2024 is likely to be influenced by seasonal patterns, which follow a similar trajectory every year, but can vary in terms of their magnitude. That means we're seeing some cash getting invested into the markets in the first quarter. And given the large inflows we saw in December, the investment activity could be at an elevated start this year. And then we'll likely see a reduction in April as clients pay taxes before we cap the year with an anticipated buildup in December. So what does all this mean for our 2024 financial performance? Given the various moving pieces, we decided to bring back a concept you may recall we last used in 2019, which is to share with you a couple of mathematical illustrations around how our financial performance could unfold, based on what happens with certain and difficult to predict inputs. And those are trading activity. We looked at flat to 2023 levels, plus or minus 5%. And where transactional cash finishes the year relative to the 12/31 levels. Again, flat plus 5% or minus 10%. Those illustrations share a couple of common and pretty conventional assumptions. Most importantly, normal market appreciation and rates that follow the dot plots. And those illustrations could result in revenue that is plus or minus 5% there are 2023 levels or said another way, revenue that is 0% to 10% higher than our annualized Q4 2023 run rate, even with three rate cuts. We're planning, as we've shared previously, to keep adjusted expenses flat year-over-year. And that would result in an adjusted pre-tax margin of a little under 40% to somewhere in the mid-40s. Now I know it's tempting to pick the mid-point of the illustrations and interpret that as our outlook. That is not how these illustrations are intended to be used. This is just math. Using some metrics, you can track on an ongoing basis to evolve your own perspectives on our potential performance over time. And as we typically do, we have included in the appendix a set of sensitivities intended to help you make adjustments as you see fit. Now looking at the range of possibility, it doesn't apply much of any growth in terms of full year adjusted EPS. But given the consistent pay down in the higher cost supplemental borrowing, it suggests strong sequential momentum in revenue and in earnings. With a potential exit velocity heading into 2025, that is at least 20% better than where we ended 2023. And with increasing momentum as we progress through 2025 as well. Let's drill a little deeper into the expense story. Schwab has been and always will be a growth company, a company that continually invests in improving the client experience. At the same time, we're a company that recognizes that one of our biggest competitive advantages, as Walt mentioned, is our industry-leading cost structure, which is measured as EOCA. Achieving both of those requires careful balance and discipline. And in 2024, even as we're holding spending flat, we're still making significant investments that Rick talked about that will help sustain our long-term organic growth, boost our revenue, and increase our efficiency during 2024 and beyond. Our current revenue and earnings are being pressured, of course, by our utilization of the higher cost funding in the form of CDs and FHLB advances. Those are very much a temporary funding source. And as we pay off those, we continue to see a path towards a net interest margin in the 2.20% to 2.50% range by the end of this year and approaching 3% by the end of 2025 even if rates fall roughly 200 basis points from where they are today, as the dot plots would indicate, with a potential for it to expand further moving forward as we reinvest our securities portfolio at higher market rates than what we currently earn. Now while we pause our buyback in order to build our capital levels, capital return remains a very important part of our financial formula, given our very high return on capital and negligible credit exposure. Our capital levels have already reached the so-called well-capitalized threshold, even if AOCI is included. And we'd expect our consolidated adjusted Tier 1 leverage ratio to reach the upper 6% range by the end of 2024, at which point we'll be in a position to at least consider resuming opportunistic buybacks. Both Walt and I talked about 2024 being somewhat of a transitional year from a financial standpoint, but we also talked about the steady improvement we expect to see throughout the year. In some ways, I hate to use the phrase coiled spring, but I think that's exactly what is being set up as we move into 2025, as we complete the Ameritrade integration, creating a true best of breed platform and unlocking both revenue and expense synergies. We continue to advance our strategic agenda even as we maintain flat expenses. Transactional cash balances inflect and we begin to see sustained growth. And all that plus continued business momentum creates an opportunity for a return to sequential revenue growth and accelerating momentum toward the end of the year and into 2025. And that paves the way for a return to our long-term financial formula. One that is powered by our position as the premier asset gatherer, producing consistent 5% to 7% organic growth through the cycle with industry-leading client loyalty and a leadership position in the two fastest growing segments within wealth management. One that has a proven ability to expand margins through the cycle with the potential for even more dramatic margin expansion in the years ahead, back above 50% as revenue benefits from paying off higher cost borrowings and expenses benefits from harvesting the remaining expense energies. And one that can combine that strong organic growth and revenue growth with more meaningful capital return as our capital levels inclusive of AOCI march higher. And so when you take a step back and look at our potential financial performance, your perspective depends on your time frame. In the immediate term, we have been dealing with some pressures that have constrained our financial results. But those pressures are temporary, not permanent. So long-term opportunity, the long-term potential remains significant. And as an organization that has a long time horizon, that is what fuels our optimism, our confidence, and our excitement for what lies ahead. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jeff to facilitate our Q&A. Jeff?
Jeff Edwards: Hi, operator. Can you please remind everyone how they can ask a question and Ill turn it over to you?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question in queue is from Ken Worthington from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Worthington: Hi. Good morning and thank you for taking the question. I wanted to talk about net new assets. So even when excluding the Ameritrade attrition, core net new assets seem decently lower than it had been over the last two years, despite ultimately what were better market conditions in 2023. As we sort of look at it 21, 22, core monthly [Technical Difficulty] $50 billion per month. And then the last six months, it's been, you know, $10 billion to $30 billion and there's noise there, attrition, CD's, but it's still ultimately seems like software engagement over the last six months, so the question. So first, was it 2021 and 2022 that were unusual in the aftermath of COVID or is it really the last six months that might have been unusual? Do you see a cohort or customer segment where engagement might have weakened in the second -half of 2023? And ultimately, can you give us a little bit more color on how you see the outlook for 2024?
Walt Bettinger: Thanks, Ken. I think when you look at NNA in very short periods of time, you have to really evaluate sentiment more so than what the market did. When I spoke at the end of the third quarter last October, sentiment was very negative. And although it slipped by the end of the year, that's a late change within the year. And so when you have negative sentiment historically, when we look at longer time horizons, you're going to get lower levels of NNA. And so I think it's not what the market does. It's what the sentiment of the investor is. We don't see any reason to believe that net new assets are likely to be constrained over a longer period of time relative to historic levels. Our promoter scores, when we look at that, as they're reported on the retail side remain very, very strong. On the advisor side, we have retained virtually all of the advisors that we wanted to retain post integration. So I don't see anything on the horizon that would tell me that long-term you're going to see some form of extended softening in NNA. But short run, you have to look at sentiment and you also have to look at investment options. As rates are higher, people may bring a bit less money to their investment account as opposed to maybe leaving it at a bank where they might just be buying CDs or something of that nature. But nothing structurally gives us cause for concern.
Operator: Thank you. Next we'll go to Steven Chubak from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Chubak: Hi, good morning. I have a question, a firefighting question, just on the NIM glide path, Peter, that you had offered. So you had previously talked about that 3% NIM, exiting 25. You reaffirmed the target here despite the additional cuts in the forward curves. I was hoping you could speak to some of the inputs still supporting that 3% NIM target with the rebasing and rate expectations and the NIM tailwind of $0.80 to $0.90. What is the jumping off point that we should be applying that against?
Peter Crawford: Sure. So, the biggest driver of the growth in NIM from where we are today to 3% is continuing to pay off those supplemental borrowings. We don't necessarily need deposits to grow, although we obviously expect that will happen between now and 2025. We don't need deposits to actually grow to be able to do that. Remember, we've got probably $11 billion or $12 billion per quarter in cash flow coming from the investment portfolio. That's cash, that's earning roughly 2% today and we can use that to pay off supplemental borrowing that's costing us, letss say,on average 5%. And so thats a significant NIM advantage and NIR [] advantage and revenue advantage that we're able to generate every month we don't  that we have even flat deposits. So that's really the biggest driver between -- for the NIM growth between now and the end of 2025 and frankly between now and the end of 2024 as well.
Operator: Thank you. Next we'll go to Kyle Voigt from KBW. Please go ahead.
Kyle Voigt: Hi. Good morning. Another one for Peter. As we think about a potential Fed cutting environment, I was wondering if you could comment on how you think about deposit betas on the bank sweep on the way down? In other words, should we expect betas to mirror what we saw on the way up, but I don't think you increased bank sweep rates over the last 100 basis points in hikes or so, or given that the current cash balances that remain on your balance sheet are likely the least rate-sensitive deposits, could there be some leeway to begin to modestly move those bank sweep rates lower even with the first Fed cut?
Peter Crawford: Yes, thanks. Thanks, Kyle, for the question. So I think it's reasonable to think that the betas could be a bit higher on the way down than they were on the way up. At 45 basis points in bank suite, we're paying a rate today that is significantly better than what traditional banks are offering on checking accounts. They're still paying, I think in many cases, 1 basis point or 2 basis points for accounts that have similar liquidity features or in some cases even inferior liquidity features. And so I wouldn't necessarily assume that the deposit betas on the way down will be symmetrical to where they were on the way up necessarily.
Operator: Thank you. Next we'll go to Brennan Hawken from UBS. Please go ahead.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just a couple questions, Peter, for the path and thinking about NIM and the scenarios. Number one, I think you referenced that these scenarios are based on the dot plot, but you also referenced the forward curve. So maybe could you clarify which rate assumptions underpin the scenarios that you laid out? And also, how should we think about forecasting the interest-earning assets? You referenced $11 billion to $12 billion of principal? Is that the pace that we should be thinking about through much of 2024 until that wholesale borrowing is paid down? Thanks.
Peter Crawford: Yes, thanks for the question. So the map out the illustrations are based on the dot plots, which again, so three cuts over the course of 24 and I think it's 200 basis points by the end of 2025 of easing. In terms of the pace of interest-earning assets, our priority is to pay off the supplemental borrowing. And so as we continue to prioritize that, it's reasonable to expect that our interest-earning assets would decline. Again, doing so, you can be in a situation where interest rate assets are declining, but revenue is increasing because again, we're paying off those supplemental borrowings. Of that $11 billion to $12 billion of quarterly cash flow from the investment portfolio, a portion of that is principal and then, of course, a portion of that is interest. So I wouldn't assume that the interesting assets are going down by that, necessarily by that level. But I do think it's reasonable to expect that there will be some decline as long as we have the supplemental borrowings outstanding, we're endeavoring to pay those off as quickly as possible.
Operator: Thank you. Next we'll go to Dan Fannon from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. Another follow-up here, Peter. Just in the context of some of the seasonality charts you gave and what we saw in the fourth quarter of FHLB declined slower in the fourth quarter versus third quarter, you had deposit trends got better. So as we think about the start of this year and clearly pace is important, how do we think about the seasonal benefits or cash trends versus those priorities of paying down the shorter-term funding?
Peter Crawford: Yes, so we saw, you know, I think if you look at the end of the year with our -- we target in the banks kind of a 5% to 6% overnight liquidity at the banks. That position roughly doubled at the end of the year. We always like to build up extra liquidity. If you look at our prior years, we did the same thing to make sure we have a lot of excess liquidity heading into what is, again, typically the seasonal investment season. So we expect to draw down those liquidity levels. And that will help to support the seasonal activity that we're seeing. If you look at prior years, over the course of the last several years, you can kind of gauge a sense for that seasonal activity. And I would say this month is progressing kind of consistent with that. So without getting to sort of specific numbers in terms of what we're seeing month to day, I would say it's consistent with what we've seen in previous years and consistent with our expectations. But again, it's not only really clear that the seasonal activity that we see in January through March and then the tax season in April, this isn't client cash realignment. This is just activity that we see every single year as clients build up their cash balances at the end of the year and then deploy those into the markets in the first part of the year and then deploy those to the IRS, I guess, in April.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we'll go to Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein: Hey, good morning everybody. Thanks for the question. Just another quick follow-up on the funding dynamic. So I appreciate it might be difficult to predict client behavior with respect to transactional sweep cash on new assets, but maybe give us some color on the trends you've seen in transactional cash as a percentage of that new client assets. Call it over the last maybe six months or so just to help us kind of with the starting point, because obviously that's a really important dynamic when it comes to rebuilding the cash balances and deposits?
Walt Bettinger: Yes, so that, I mean that's why we call that out as I would say an area of uncertainty going forward is because we are seeing, not surprisingly, we're seeing clients who are coming in are realigning their cash as existing clients are. And so that's happening, there's a certain amount of float, if you will, that we typically rely on. That is contributed a little bit less over the previous six months as clients are realigning their cash more quickly maybe than traditionally they would have done. And as rates come down, one would expect that that activity would be a little bit less immediate or timely or to the same extent. And so I think that is one of the uncertainties. What happens with the level of new cash that comes in as the Fed cuts rates 3 times, 4 times, 6 times, whatever it might be. That's why we call that out as an area of uncertainty. But we certainly still expect, as we've seen throughout history, that over time, as we add accounts, as we add assets, again over a longer arc of history, that those transactional cash balances grow with the growth in accounts and the growth in assets. It's just over a short period of time, like a quarter over a year, it's a little bit harder to gauge exactly what the near-term contribution will be. But again, over time, over three years, five years, et cetera, we expect that our total transactional cash balances will grow as we grow our client base.
Operator: Thank you. And our final
Jeff Edwards: Thanks, operator. I think we have time for one last question.
Operator: Absolutely. Our last question comes from Devin Ryan from JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Devin Ryan: Thanks so much. Good morning. It gets to a different topic than some of the other questions, but probably for Rick, since you mentioned in your remarks, so obviously the firm has a strong technology background, so I'd love to just talk a little bit more detail about the opportunity you guys see from artificial intelligence investment as we look beyond 2024. So maybe looking out the next three to five years, what are some of the areas you're most focused on? How much efficiency do you think could be derived from the current use cases you see? How much productivity uplift? And just more generally, how material AI will be for Schwab? Because it would seem like this fits right into the ethos of the company long-term, but I know sometimes things take a while to kind of implement. So just love to hear a little bit more about this strategy there? Thanks.
Rick Wurster: Devin, thanks for the question on AI. I think it will have a meaningful impact in three areas on our employees, on our efficiency, and on our clients. Let me start with employees, I think AI can be used to make our employees even more effective with our clients, to provide them with the ability to have an answer that is really strong and in particular for our newer employees that are coming up to speed, the ability for AI to make them as efficient or as effective as a more experienced employee. I think will be powerful both for the employee and for our clients that are receiving the thought from that person. So I think there's a lot of benefits in helping make our employees more effective with clients. There's clearly an efficiency opportunity in AI, and here with 1,000s of phone reps that we hire each year, at some point, we likely will have the opportunity to hire less in a particular year, because we've made our reps both on the phone, on chat, in our branches even more effective and efficient, because we're powering them with information and putting it at their fingertips. And then I think there's a lot of client benefits that will come from AI. We have what I believe is the world's best trading platform in thinkorswim. And a lot of clients invest years and years into building out their platform, into building out their alerts and what types of signals they're looking at to drive what they may want to buy. And I think the opportunity for our clients to leverage an AI-driven research platform will provide them with even greater insights into how they trade, into what positions they might want to put on, into what risks they may need to be aware of. And so I think AI will directly impact clients in the future. So what I think about both making our employees as effective as possible, becoming as efficient as possible, and driving great, fine outcomes. I think AI will play an important role in all three.
Peter Crawford: Okay. Well, thank you. Thank you, Rick. And let me just close. You know, Walt and I both said 2024 could be a bit of a transitional year. I'll be with steady progression and our financial results throughout the year. I think it's really important to put that concept in an appropriate context. You know, first is that we're talking about the top line growth versus where we finished 2023. And second and more importantly, as we emerge from this challenging period, we're not transitioning or changing our strategy, our focus on clients, the discipline with which we run the business, nor should you expect to see us lowering our organic growth aspirations or results or changing the fundamentals of our financial formula. Those have all worked quite well. And were confident we'll continue to serve our clients and our stockholders well in the years ahead. We thank you very much and we'll look forward to speaking with you again in April.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-16 16:00:00) =====
Jeff Edwards: Hello, and welcome to the Schwab 2023 Fall Business Update. This is Jeff Edwards, Head of Investor Relations, and Im joined today by our pair of presenters, Co-Chairman and CEO, Walt Bettinger; President, Rick Wurster; and CFO, Peter Crawford. We have plenty to cover today, so Im certainly going to get out of the way here pretty quickly, but lets touch on a few housekeeping matters. Similar to past events, Ill be helping facilitate Q&A. And another friendly reminder to please adhere to the one question, no follow-up format. As always, please dont hesitate to reach out to your friendly IR team with any clarifying or other reconciling questions. The slides for todays business update will be posted to the IR website at the beginning of Peters section. And finally, the forward-looking statements page in all its glory, which reminds us all that the future is indeed uncertain, so please stay in touch with our ongoing disclosures. And with that, Ill turn it over to Walt.
Walter Bettinger: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our October business update. Rick, Peter and I are excited to share good news with you as we review our third quarter. Youll hear about our tremendous progress in the conversion of former Ameritrade clients over to Schwab, our ongoing success serving clients and gathering assets, the significant opportunity for ongoing organic growth and marked improvement in some of the key indicators that have attracted outsized attention recently, including the pace of client cash realignment. But maybe most importantly, youll hear about the consistency of our strategy, our ideal positioning in the fastest-growing segments of the investment services industry, our ever strengthening position as the low-cost provider, the world-class trust and confidence our clients place in us, our superior pretax profit margins even during one of the most difficult environments possible for our financial model and our commitment to disciplined ongoing investments designed to drive organic growth for many years to come. Now certainly, I understand that the overall backdrop of the environment today is decidedly negative. And I understand that for some, it might be easier to look at the near-term challenges we face at Schwab. I encourage you to consider the entirety of our position and the potential it creates for the future. So the actions of the Federal Reserve to recover from their mistaken transitory inflation viewpoint continue to reverberate across the financial markets. These actions are slowing the rate of inflation, but at a significant cost to the markets, to consumers, to investors and to firms like Schwab. While short-term interest rates continued to rise over the past year, longer-term rates are now also rising. During the third quarter, investors began to feel this pain. They acknowledge it as investor sentiment plunged during the quarter, moving down into bear market sentiment. First, its not surprising as both equity and fixed income markets continue to suffer. Cash was virtually the only safe place to invest. An interesting perspective as at Schwab, we have always believed that cash should be a key part of every investors long-term investment portfolio. I think its particularly important to look at the chart on the bottom of this slide and place ourselves in the minds of investors, who viewed their bonds as conservative ballast against the expected volatility of equity markets. Even those who maintained shorter bond holdings of two to five years have seen substantial declines in their assets between 7% and 13%. Again, truly, there have been a few places for investors to go in recent times to avoid losses other than in cash. And of course, at Schwab, weve been similarly impacted by falling bond prices and a rush to cash investments. But throughout this period, our clients have continued to trust us, continue to be loyal and continue to recommend Schwab as a place for their friends and family to invest. And third parties clearly feel the same way with Schwab Bank recently named, by a wide margin incidentally, the most trusted bank in the industry by Investors Business Daily. And Schwab was ranked by J.D. Power as number one in investor satisfaction among full-service wealth management firms. I share these third-party endorsements, not because we place undue weight on them, but as a reminder that our strong client positioning contributes to our optimism for ongoing organic growth. And the metrics back this up. Year-to-date, weve captured approximately $230 billion in core net new assets and opened well over 2 million new brokerage accounts. Of course, these firm-wide new asset figures reflect the expected attrition from the integration of Ameritrade clients. And of course, the July and August net new asset figures were impacted as some of the 7,000 RIA firms from Ameritrade opted to find alternative custodians ahead of our Labor Day conversion by either their decision or in cases, by ours. And while this attrition weighed on our net new assets for those two months, it was less than what we had allowed for in our original deal-related modeling, and it has largely passed. Looking only at clients who originally opened their accounts at Schwab, weve captured approximately $250 billion in core net new assets year-to-date, an increase of about 12% year-over-year, again, illustrating the strength of the business. And that works out to an over 6% organic growth rate. So let me pivot here for a few moments, speak more in depth about the Ameritrade acquisition and progress on our integration efforts. We announced the deal in late 2019, merely a few months before the COVID pandemic hit. At the time of that deal announcement, Ameritrade had approximately $1.3 trillion in client assets, 12 million client brokerage accounts and was processing about 1.3 million trades per day. By the time we got to year-end 2022, these figures had grown substantially to approximately $1.8 trillion in client assets, 16.6 million client brokerage accounts and amazingly, about 3.6 million trades per day. Now from the day the deal was approved by stockholders and regulators, we began an integration process that we referred to as best of both. It means that unlike in most acquisitions where the acquired firms clients are merely ported over to the acquiring firms platforms, we instead carefully evaluated the capabilities of both firms and build capabilities that would maintain and leverage the best of both firms services and platforms. This approach was consistent with our through clients eyes strategy. And we believe it also sets up the combined firm in an ideal position for long-term organic growth after the integration is complete. So where are we today? Weve completed 3 of 5 total transition groups. These groups make up about 80% of the total Ameritrade retail clients and 100% of the RIA firms who previously custodied their client assets with Ameritrade. To date, weve executed this integration level of accuracy and service that I have not previously seen in any conversion. During the three conversions to date, our speed to answer client phone calls has averaged less than one minute. And with our largest conversion over the Labor Day weekend now completed, we are averaging 45 complaints for 1 million of converted accounts. I just want to reemphasize that. 45 complaints for 1 million of converted accounts. Just to put that into context, client escalations during the meme stock activity in early 2021, there were approximately 200 escalations for 1 million accounts. Now clearly, there is an adjustment period for some of our clients as they familiarize themselves with new processes, new websites, new mobile apps, and we continue to make enhancements in every one of these areas. Now the work is far from done. But even the most negative observers have acknowledged the skill and attention to detail that is going into our integration efforts, and clients are responding. Former Ameritrade retail clients are rewarding us with levels of loyalty and retention that are far better than we anticipated when we announced the acquisition back in 2019. And similarly, attrition from former Ameritrade RIA custodial clients is also below our estimates, even taking into consideration the substantial amount of assets that we actively moved away from because we felt these firms did not either fit our risk profile at Schwab or who would be better served by converting to an alternative custodian, given the RIA firms emphasis on maintaining a substantial sales commission-driven business model. And as weve communicated, almost all RIA attrition occurs before the conversion date because the firm considering leaving Schwab would not want their employees and clients to learn our new processes and technology only to switch to a different custodian and have to relearn all new processes and technology at that new custodian. We carefully tracked all RIA firms and their engagement with the many seminars and planning events that we offered prior to the conversion weekend. And not surprisingly, those firms who took advantage of these programs, which make up the majority of the client assets, have had the smoothest pass  path to conversion. And lastly, the vast majority of active former Ameritrade RIA firms are operating their businesses, placing trades and already opening new accounts on the Schwab platform. Where RIA firms have offered us suggestions for enhancements and improvements, were fast at work making these, and were grateful to the firms for their ideas. When we complete the final two transition groups, we are confident that we will have the broadest, most robust offering in investment services for individual investors and the advisers who serve them from industry-leading advisory solutions to world-class trading platforms, banking solutions at exceptional pricing, award-winning digital content and investor education, including the newly renamed Schwab Network, 24/7, 365 phone service combined with almost 400 branches for in-person planning and service, value pricing that is supported by what we believe is the lowest cost structure in the industry and a rich history of client-benefiting disruption. Rick, before I turn it over to you, I want to take a moment to review a slide that Ive shared in the past. Despite the environment, despite the noise, we are supremely confident in our positioning for long-term growth. As we mentioned earlier, we are ideally positioned among the fastest-growing segments of investment services. Our competitive advantages are unmatched, and our current domestic market share is modest at approximately 12%. I truly believe the opportunity before us is quite bright. Rick?
Rick Wurster: Thank you, Walt, and good morning, everyone. I want to spend our time today talking about how weve driven 5% to 7% organic growth historically and how we plan to drive it in the future through our model of generating 3% to 5% of NNA growth from our existing clients and 2% to 3% of growth from new clients and a return on our strategic focus areas. Our through clients eyes strategy has allowed us to generate 3% to 5% growth from existing clients. When clients turn to Schwab, they know they will get industry-leading value, exceptional service and transparency in every interaction they have. By treating clients the way they want to be treated, we build trust, and were able to deepen relationships and capture a greater share of wallet. You see this in the 51.2 billion in year-to-date NNA we see from existing retail clients and the 43.4 billion in year-to-date NNA we see from existing adviser clients. We have also been able to consistently drive 2% to 3% asset growth from new clients. This is due in part to our diversified acquisition model, which includes leveraging the strong personal relationships created by our branch footprint and our RIA service model, earning referrals from our delighted clients and deploying data-driven marketing campaigns and investing in complementary acquisition channels, including our workplace business, which Ill talk more about shortly. Year-to-date, this has driven 744,000 new-to-firm households to our retail business, approximately 60% of whom are under age 40 and approximately 240 adviser and transition teams. The third part of our growth recipe is our continued investment in our strategic focus areas. Ill start today with scale and efficiency. We shared with you in July that we are taking steps to enhance our flexibility and efficiency with an annual run rate expense savings target of $1 billion plus. Walt spoke earlier about our Ameritrade integration, and one component of our expense savings will come from capturing $500 million in remaining Ameritrade expense synergies. Another $500 million plus in annual savings will come from streamlining our operating model, which includes eliminating positions from predominantly non-client-facing areas and reducing our real estate footprint. As we previously shared, these actions are expected to result in a non-GAAP expense charge of $400 million to $500 million, a portion of which you saw in our results this morning, with the remainder to follow either later this year or in 2024. With these actions, we expect year-over-year expense growth to be roughly flat even while we continue to invest aggressively in client products and service. Its this investment that leads to the win-win monetization Ill talk about now. One area we are investing in and one Ive discussed in this forum several times as well. Ive said it before, there is a bull market for advice. Today, we have approximately $530 billion in retail assets receiving ongoing advisory services. Not only do these clients see Schwab as a place to get advice, but our advice offers have among the highest client promoter scores across all of Schwab. With the investments weve made and continue to make, more and more of our retail clients are turning to us for wealth management as they move into a life phase where they need advice. You can see this in our managed investing flows, where weve seen year-to-date record highs in Schwab Wealth Advisory, Wasmer Schroeder and Schwab Personalized Indexing. Year-to-date, net flows in the Schwab Wealth Advisory are a record $9.2 billion, up nearly 60% over last year. The third quarter was also a record quarter for Schwab Wealth Advisory with $3.3 billion in flows coming into our flagship wealth solution. Year-to-date net flows in the Wasmer Schroeder are a record $4.5 billion, up nearly 130% over last year. While we believe we are still in the early days, clients and FCs are starting to learn about the potential benefits of direct indexing, and the combination of tax benefits and personalization are attractive to them. Lending is also an increasingly important part of the wealth management relationship, and weve recently launched a fully digital onboarding experience that lets advisers access a Pledged Asset Line or a PAL for their clients. The new PAL process reduced the time to submit a PAL application to just minutes and enables clients to be approved in just one to two days. Growing PAL is a win-win opportunity. Its good for the adviser because it helps them retain assets and compete with banks. And its good for Schwab because of the positive spread to securities. Now Ill turn to another area where we have a win-win monetization opportunity, and thats our Workplace business. Our Workplace business meets the needs of individuals who become investors through their employers and includes our retirement plan business and our stock plan business, among others. This business is strategic as it allows us to introduce millions of workplace participants to Schwab, many of whom are investing for the very first time, finding us with a pipeline of future retail and adviser services clients. Workplace connects more than 5,500 employers, 2,700 advisory firms and 2.5 million investor households to Greater Schwab. In fact, today, 1 in 3 new-to-firm households at Schwab are originated through our Workplace business. We retained 50% of eligible rollover retirement assets, and our stock plan business contributes about 10% to retail NNA. And finally, nearly 20% of Workplace households have a broader relationship with Schwab. And when they do, they have 4x the assets through those relationships. With Workplace, we have an opportunity to fuel NNA growth for Schwab into the future through our grow, retain and extend approach. To do this, we are making investments to more fully upgrade our workplace digital experiences so participants can benefit from all we have to offer on schwab.com, mobile and with our broader retail offer. And were investing in our technology. This will require a multiyear investment, and well provide a deeper dive and more specifics about this opportunity at future updates. Ill turn now to our third strategic focus area, client segmentation. Last quarter, I talked about our two new branded client experiences within retail, Schwab Private Client Services and Schwab Private Wealth Services for our 1 million-plus and 10 million-plus clients, respectively. This is all about delivering differentiated experiences across relationship, service, operations, product and price. The launch has been very well received by our clients. This quarter, Ill talk more about our trader offer. Traders are one of our most highly engaged client segments. On average, compared to non-trader retail clients, they bring in 6.5x the NNA and have 3.8x the household assets and generate 2.8x higher ROCA. Were continuing to invest in this offer to provide the world-class trading experience, traders expect. Just today, we launched our reimagined trader offer, Schwab Trading powered by Ameritrade. With this new experience, were combining the best of Schwab and Ameritrade by giving all of our clients access to the thinkorswim and Schwab trading platforms, unparalleled trading education, including many elements of Ameritrades trader education offer and specialized service. Traders at Schwab have access to all that Schwab has to offer, wealth management, banking and more. In fact, our virtual active trader branch includes active trader financial consultants, who focus on both trader coaching and wealth management to help meet the unique needs of qualifying traders. We think this offer sets the bar for what a trading experience should be. Putting it all together, with our through clients eyes strategy, we are well positioned to consistently generate 5% to 7% organic growth from both existing and new clients. And there is an opportunity ahead as we start to see returns on the investments weve made in our strategic focus areas. As weve shared in prior quarters, we have an opportunity to close the share of wallet gap between Ameritrade and Schwab clients. And we have an attractive opportunity to delight our retail clients with our wealth management and to delight both our retail and adviser clients with our lending offerings, while growing our revenue. And Ill wrap up where Walt started. Our relentless focus on serving our clients needs creates a clear path to organic growth and delivering long-term value to our clients and stockholders. And with that, Ill turn it over to Peter.
Peter Crawford: Thank you very much, Rick. So Walt and Rick talked about how despite a difficult environment, were continuing to earn the loyalty and trust of our clients and driving strong organic growth. The enormous progress we have made with the Ameritrade acquisition and the exciting potential that the combination presents for our clients and our stockholders, the other significant growth opportunities were pursuing and how were working hard to capitalize on those opportunities, continuing to invest in enhancing our platform even as we take steps to strengthen our industry-leading cost advantage. In my time today, Ill briefly review our third quarter financial performance, update our 2023 scenario and offer some early thoughts on 2024 and beyond. The important point is that in the third quarter, we saw notable improvement across several "tactical metrics" on which there has been a lot of focus lately. We might argue too much focus in the context of our ability to create value over time. And Im referring specifically to the pace of client cash reallocation activity, our capital levels, the level of supplemental borrowing and the trajectory of our net interest margin. When you combine these developments with the measures Walt and Rick shared that demonstrate our strong business momentum, it reinforces our confidence in our ability to move through this part of the economic cycle as we have so many times before and emerge from this period a larger, stronger and even more resilient company. As Walt mentioned, the third quarter was a challenging one for many of our clients and for our business model. And so not surprisingly, our financial performance was off last years record levels with a little under $5 billion of revenue and $0.77 of adjusted EPS. And yet, that bottom line performance was better than the second quarter of this year. And with an adjusted pretax margin of over 41%, 30% on a GAAP basis due to the large restructuring charge this quarter, we are navigating from a position of strength. Turning our attention to the balance sheet. Bank deposits were down 7% sequentially due to client cash allocation decisions. But following a brief uptick in that activity in August, the pace slowed dramatically in September. As a result of that slowing activity, we were able to further reduce the amount of supplemental funding we have outstanding. We issued a little over $2 billion in debt to supplement our parent liquidity. And assuming the markets continue to be constructive, we will likely issue a bit more debt primarily to build up extra liquidity ahead of some debt maturities we have early next year. And our capital position continues to get even stronger with our consolidated Tier 1 leverage ratio rising to 8.2%. And our adjusted Tier 1 leverage ratio, inclusive of AOCI and therefore, what our binding constraint would be if we lose the AOCI opt-out at Schwab Bank now into the mid-4% range, and thats using average assets, its more like 4.6% today on a spot basis, as it steadily climbs towards 5% by the end of the year, meaning that we will be in a position to meet the newly proposed regulatory requirement organically and several years ahead of the anticipated full implementation date. I know theres a lot of commentary. There has been a lot of commentary about the increased client cash allocation activity in August, activity which seemed to buck the clear trend of deceleration weve been experiencing over the previous several months. We said at the time that it felt more like an anomaly. And now having closed the books on September, we have a number of tangible proof points that indicate that outflows are easing, and were getting closer to the return of sweep cash growth, including the fact that the overall pace of realignment activity decelerated in September to the lowest level we have seen during the current cycle. We experienced our first month of bank sweep deposit growth since before the hiking cycle started. And both the absolute number and size of client realignment events dropped further from the level we shared last quarter. And all this in spite of an increase in rates across the curve. And while we saw increased flows into purchase money funds, we caution you again not to use those daily flow numbers as a proxy for overall deposit flows. Only around 20% of the purchase money fund purchases lately have been funded with bank sweep in Schwab One with the remainder coming from equities, fixed income or oftentimes money coming from outside Schwab thats been attracted by our very competitive yields and low expense ratios on those funds. And now were now halfway through October, and the trend has largely continued with overall transactional cash balances, including again Schwab One and the IDA in line with the September trend despite delayed tax payments by many of our clients in California and elsewhere. As we have said many times, that trend is not surprising, but it is encouraging. And it brings greater clarity towards our core earnings power. During Walt and Ricks sections, they talk about some of the measures that demonstrate how were continuing to win with clients, metrics such as client promoter score, net new assets, new accounts and our organic growth rate, the deal-related attrition that has been lower than our initial expectations and advice flows. And those are clearly the most important predictors of our long-term success, and all portend a bright future. But the more tactical balance sheet metrics have all trended in a positive direction as well. And we believe we are well on our way towards those indicators returning to more normal levels. The level of supplemental borrowing has continued to fall as the ongoing cash flow generated from our investment portfolio has been more than sufficient to support the slowing deposit bank sweep outflows. And wed expect this level of temporary borrowing to drop substantially over the next handful of quarters, paving the way for us to resume reinvestment activity in 2025, which, assuming rates follow expectations, will provide a meaningful boost to our net interest margin. Speaking of net interest margin, assuming rates followed the dot plot, we still anticipate it building through 2024 and approaching 3% by the end of 2025. Despite rising interest rates, our adjusted Tier 1 leverage ratio at the banks and for the consolidated corporation rose roughly 40 basis points during the quarter, approaching the level to be considered well capitalized several years before that measure is slated to become our regulatory ratio. And wed expect those ratios to continue to increase due to continued strong capital formation, the accretion of the unrealized marks back to equity and a reduction of our balance sheet as we pay off the remaining supplemental borrowings, bringing back the potential for opportunistic capital return over time. So what does all this mean for the rest of this year and 2024? Our outlook for this year is pretty similar to what we shared back in July. As client cash allocation activity continues to abate, we still expect to see a return of transactional cash growth later this year. We should see a stabilization of revenue and then a resumption of growth over time and full year 2023 revenue is expected to decline a bit more than the previously mentioned 7% to 8% range. So ultimately, trading volumes and market levels will influence how things shake out. On the expense side, we still expect our 2023 adjusted expense growth to be somewhere in the 6-ish percent range, inclusive of the $160 million onetime FDIC charge that, of course, was not contemplated when we set out our initial spending plan at the beginning of the year, meaning that our other spending is tracking at least 300 basis points below the range we communicated back in January, as we adjust and optimize our expense base consistent with Ricks earlier comments. Now turning our attention to 2024. Well share specific scenarios at our winter business update. But needless to say, the revenue outlook will be shaped by a range of factors, including, of course, path of interest rates in the equity markets, the pace of deposit growth and the level of client engagement. But our expectation is it will make substantial progress in reducing our usage of FHLB advances in CDs. Rick described the work were doing on the expense front, and wed expect that to result in 2024 adjusted expenses that are no higher than 2023. And finally, wed expect to continue to grow both our regulatory capital ratios and our adjusted Tier 1 leverage ratio, boosting that lateral ratio back above 6.5%, several years before it becomes a formal requirement. There is no doubt that we have been navigating through a difficult environment, but it should be apparent that the core pillars of the multi-decade investment thesis for Schwab are as strong today as ever. We are the premier asset gatherer with industry-leading client loyalty, a strong competitive moat and a leadership position in the 2 fastest-growing segments within wealth management. We have multiple ways to convert that asset growth into revenue growth, including growing advice with both Schwab and Ameritrade clients as well as a long-term NIM tailwind as we eventually reinvest our securities portfolio at much higher prevailing rates. We continue to manage expenses with discipline with $1 billion or more of remaining expense synergies and other efficiency opportunities. And we are a company that has shown the ability to couple strong organic growth with opportunistic capital return, a combination which were confident will reemerge in the years ahead. Now admittedly, that powerful combination has been obscured recently by some of the fog as Walt described it back in July, but this fog continues to clear with deal-related attrition abating, allowing our net new assets to return to our normal levels, which are anything but, client cash allocation activity slowing, supplemental borrowing decreasing and our NIM rebounding, expense growth slowing and poised to slow further as we prepare for the significant remaining expense actions in the quarters ahead and our capital levels building despite the headwinds posed by increasing rates. I talked earlier about long-term predictors of success versus more tactical near-term metrics. But when you step back to look at the whole picture, you see a healthy, resilient company with a lot of momentum and a lot of opportunity in front of that. With that, Ill turn it over to Jeff to facilitate our Q&A.
Jeff Edwards: Great. Operator, can you please remind everyone how they can queue up and ask a question? And then lets go ahead and get started.
Operator: Yes. Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. You may go ahead.
Kenneth Worthington: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So interest-earning assets have declined in recent quarters. You mentioned the positive deposit growth for September. And on the last call, you highlighted the expectation that deposits would grow later this year. Given your prioritization for the paydown in short-term borrowing, if current macro trends continue and the forward curve is right, when would you expect to see interest-earning assets trough? And at about what level would you expect them to trough?
Peter Crawford: Thanks, Ken, for the question. So our expectation is that we will continue to prioritize paying down the supplemental borrowings. That is the fastest way to get to that 3% NIM that we talked about by the end of 2025. So what that could mean is that we could be seeing deposits grow, transactional cash grow even as interest-earning assets are declining because our focus is really on paying down those supplemental borrowings. So that would be  you could see a scenario where interest-bearing assets are declining, but NIM is growing and actually net interest revenue is growing even as that is happening.
Kenneth Worthington: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Patrick Moley with Piper Sandler. You may go ahead.
Patrick Moley: Yes, thanks for taking my questions. So great to see the slower cash realignment in September, and appreciate the comments on the 20% of money market fund inflows coming from customer cash. But just wondering on the pickup in realignment activity in August, maybe if you could elaborate on what you thought triggered that sorting and maybe the types of accounts that, that was coming from and whether that 20% number applied in the month of August. It seemed like it was triggered by the rate hike in late July and maybe just sort of piggybacking off of Kens question. If you could maybe just talk about how youre thinking about customer behavior as it relates to realignment in the event we see a couple of more rate hikes this cycle? Thanks.
Peter Crawford: Sure. So yes, I dont remember  recall the exact percent of the assets that were  or purchase money fund balances that were coming from bank sweep. But I can say is August, I think there was a couple of things, there was in part a reaction to the Feds increase in late July and some of the headlines maybe that, that captured. We also saw actually net inflows into equities. So theres definitely an investor sentiment aspect to it. In terms of going forward, I mean, our expectation is that when the Fed increases, it has a small, but decreasing and temporary impact on deposit flows. If people are yield-sensitive, the cash is yield-sensitive and Fed funds is 5.25, theyll move. It doesnt make a huge difference whether its 5.5. I think its more about the headlines, frankly, as that creates that may prompt some people to move. But I want to emphasize that a high-for-longer scenario is a very good scenario for Schwab for our business model. While in the near term, that rate increase can lead to a little bit more and deposit activity, that higher rate over the long term means more  a higher yield on the roughly 1/3 of our interest-earning assets that are tied to floating rates. Thats things like our margin lending and the cash, the segregated cash and the cash we have at the parent, the cash we have with the bank, et cetera. So after sort of a high-for-longer scenario, which it seems to be what were easing our way into here, it is a good scenario for us because that impact on transactional cash balances is short-lived.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brennan Hawken with UBS. You may go ahead.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Peter, I would appreciate if we could maybe try and square Slide 31 and where you talked about the client cash rate alignment versus when we run through the calculation for the September monthly data based on the various cash disclosures, percentage of client assets and whatnot, if I adjust out CDs and the money funds out of there so just getting what should be the bank sweep, BDA and the broker dealer cash, it looks its down similar to a decline that we saw in July. And so how do I square that with the Slide 31? Does Slide 31 just not include the broker-dealer cash? Is that the delta? Can you help me understand that?
Jeff Edwards: Hey, Brennan, its Jeff. Im happy to cover that off. I mean, it includes the same stuff it always has in terms of bank sweep plus broker-dealer balances S1 plus BDA. So its the same consistent view weve talked about. So we can take that offline and chat about any of the other items that are in there. But yes, this is a consistent view with the monthly and higher quarterly data.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Kyle Voigt with KBW. You may go ahead.
Kyle Voigt: Hi, good morning. So a question for Peter. You issued about $1 billion of CDs in September. Just given the trends that youre seeing with cash sorting, can you talk about expectations for the short-term funding mix between CDs and FHLB as we look out over the next couple of quarters? And kind of maybe within that, maybe you could kind of address how you intend to handle CD maturities going forward. And then what happens if we do see another kind of reacceleration or another blip in another month going forward, how you intend to  how would you manage through that in terms of liquidity and where you access liquidity from. Thank you.
Peter Crawford: Sure. So I would expect that were going to have a mix of CDs and FHLB going forward. There are advantages of each. The CDs today are a little bit lower cost, and we like the idea of paying our clients and clients of other brokers. The nice thing about the FHLB is that its very  you can really dial in the maturity than the exact amount. You can also prepay FHLB. So if we see growth in deposits, we have the ability to prepay those FHLB advances. So Id expect it would be a mix. We like the fact of having a diversity of funding sources going forward. But I think either way, I think wed expect both of those balances collectively to trend down, as I said, over the next several quarters.
Jeff Edwards: Im going to take one question here from the console operator. This one, lets do one for Walt. Walt, obviously, since the time we had the Ameritrade approval for the deal and actually beginning the conversion was around, say, 2.5 or 3 years, this time frame is a bit longer than maybe some more other recent transactions. Could you talk a little bit about what drove that timeline?
Walter Bettinger: Sure. Thanks, Jeff. I referenced in my prepared remarks about our best-of-both approach in which rather than following a traditional integration, which is simply moving clients and the acquired firm over to the platforms of the acquiring company, instead, we look to bring over a series of capabilities, whether its thinkorswim that I think now is available to all Schwab clients as of today, things like iRebal and thinkpipes. But maybe even to go beyond that just quickly, every brokerage conversion that I am familiar with in the history of our industry involved simply bringing over account assets and then a limited amount of demographic data, things like address, social security numbers, things like that. We took a very different approach. In addition to bringing over the most basic information that others would always bring over, we also brought over transaction history. I think  I believe it was 4 years of history. We brought over historical documents, all of the documents that the client would have had at Ameritrade, open orders, client preferences, watch lists, things like cash sharing and move money instructions. So we just took a very different approach. And I think that, that is part of what has contributed to the extraordinarily low level of client complaints that we have seen as, again, I referenced in my prepared remarks. And so I just would roll this all back into the big picture of our through clients eyes strategy that weve approached this integration that these are exceptionally important clients that we look to serve for many, many years to come. And despite the environment that we happen to be in, make the right long-term decision. Its fascinating to hear all the discussion around client cash realigning because client cash realigning is cyclical, but our through clients eyes strategy is not. And as we work our way through the very tactical issues being raised today and the near-term issues, I think the power of Schwab is going to emerge and once again, reward our clients as well as our stockholders in a manner we have many, many times in the past.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. You may go ahead.
Daniel Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to follow up on NNA. I get the outlook and the guidance, and certainly September was improved. Can you talk about the backlog today for potential advisers and how that compares to previous periods? And then with the Ameritrade integration now mostly done, should we not anticipate much in terms of movement in NNA as a result of that? And also, if you could maybe clarify on some of those outflows, how much was Schwabs decision to walk away from that business or client decisions?
Rick Wurster: Sure, absolutely. As it relates to the backlog of advisers, we continue to see a healthy pipeline in our Advisor Services business. So no change there, very robust. And I think what we are seeing is a resumption of that activity. For a few months around the conversion, a lot of our effort and energy was put into that. A lot of advisers were holding back clients that they would have brought to Schwab because they didnt want them to have to go through a conversion, so they held on them. And now were seeing a resumption back to all normal levels of activity. So thats on the backlog of advisers. What was the last one? Yes, let me talk about some of the attrition on our Advisor Services side. It really came from a combination of 3 things. Number one were some relationships where it just didnt fit either for economic reasons or for services that the RIA firm wanted that we werent going to provide. Second reason, there may have been some other business reasons why it didnt make sense. It used to be an adviser maybe that we had served, and the relationship didnt make sense for us to serve in the future. So there was a chunk of relationships where it didnt make sense for both parties for us to serve them. And then there was some element of regrettable attrition, clients who would have liked to have served, but for a variety of reasons, they chose to go somewhere else. So it was a combination of those three things.
Walter Bettinger: One of the things thats very important when we talk about NNA is we put it in the context of the $1.8 trillion of assets that are coming over as part of this acquisition. If I can remember properly from 4 years ago, we estimated something like 5% to 6% asset attrition and about 4% revenue attrition. And we are substantially outperforming those numbers. But the reality is 5% to 6% of what is now $1.8 trillion is a meaningful number. And so when you compare attrition from this acquisition and you apply it to monthly net new asset figures, youre going to get a decline in monthly numbers. Its just math. But as Rick indicated accurately, this is waning, and the RIA side was all concentrated in a couple of months before the conversion. So we feel exceptionally good about where we are. Despite the very few RIAs who Rick identified, who did choose regrettably to go somewhere else. But that was a small number overall, and a significant amount of the attrition were clients that we had previously terminated relationships with who maybe switched over to Ameritrade or as I mentioned, run a commission-oriented business that really doesnt fit with our model. We work much better with advisers who have decided to principally go fee and get largely out of the commission side.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research. You may go ahead.
Steven Chubak: Good morning. So its certainly encouraging to see the capital build, the NNA acceleration in September. I think the one element of  area of concern for investors continues to be the sweep cash dynamics. And while bank sweep deposits increasing in September, certainly encouraging, total sweep cash was down $9 billion for the month. And Peter, you alluded to the fact that youre seeing similar trends in October versus September. How should we interpret what the total cash sweep decline will be, not exclusively the bank sweep deposits? It feels like theres some bifurcated trends between payables and bank sweep deposits. Hoping you can unpack that better.
Peter Crawford: Yes. So thanks, Steven. So Im not sure where your $9 billion figure is coming from, but that is 2x higher than what were tracking. If you do the math on that page where we show the daily flow, youre looking at a number thats about half that level. So Im not sure where the $9 billion is coming from, and you can maybe work that through with the IR team. The  and so October is tracking in line with that lower number. So again, it just  it reinforces the fact that we saw a decline from April to May and May to June and June to July. And then we had this one blip in August, and then September has really continued the trend. And October is consistent with September. So all this reinforces our conviction that weve been saying for quite some time, which is this cash reallocation activity is declining. And were seeing, again, in terms of the number of people who are reallocating and the size of those trades that theyre making, so it all reinforces our conviction that were very close to the end of this cycle.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. You may go ahead.
Alexander Blostein: Thank you. Good morning. Just a quick question around the balance sheet again and some of the liquidity dynamics. Peter, can you just frame to us how much of securities will be maturing through the end of 2024 between available for sale and HTM buckets just to refresh on that? And then I know you made a point about long-term debt. So as you kind of work through your liquidity requirements, any incremental capital changes, how do you think the appropriate level of long-term debt for Schwab will look like by the end of 24?
Peter Crawford: Yes. So in terms of  when we think about principal and interest off of the investment portfolio, its tracking now at about $4 billion or so per month, so roughly $11 billion to $12 billion per quarter, maybe a little bit more in the next quarter, but somewhere in that range over the next 5 quarters. So that provides a meaningful amount of resources, liquidity to pay down those supplemental borrowings when you add that together with, of course, the net new assets that we attract for new accounts. Thats  those are the 2 of the bigger drivers in terms of paying down those supplemental short-term borrowings. In terms of the right amount of liquidity, I would think about this in terms of parent liquidity. I mean, we raised debt to keep liquidity at the parent. We do that primarily to support the activity, our client needs at the broker-dealers. And so we have through  as weve been going through these conversions, we have wanted to operate with a little bit more parent liquidity, given  to make sure weve got ample resources through these conversion weekends. And so we are running with a higher level of liquidity now than we might expect to have after we pay out. And we also have the debt maturities in the early part of next year. So we want to make sure weve got the funds necessary to pay off those maturities. So once we get done with that, well be comfortable with the level of liquidity that we have at the parent.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. You may go ahead.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to circle back to your commentary on the Workplace business. So I was hoping you could help size the business just in terms of assets and accounts, how much does that represent? And maybe you could talk about how much that has contributed to NNA in recent years as well as some of the steps that youre thinking about taking to broaden this client acquisition funnel over the next couple of years?
Rick Wurster: I think as it relates to the steps were taking, its an exciting opportunity for us because it increases the top of the funnel, the amount of clients that could become future Schwab clients for us. And what were focused on is really twofold. Increasing that top of the funnel, bringing more and more employees into the Schwab Workplace business. And then secondly, in converting them into Schwab clients. And so we have efforts going along 2 fronts. Number one, integrating the business and tying it more into Schwab. So the experience leverages all that Schwab has to offer, our retail mobile side, our retail website, our branches, all of those capabilities that we can bring to bear for the workplace clients. If we do that successfully, well convert a greater number of our workplace clients into long-term Schwab clients. And when we do that, as I shared earlier, they bring 4x the assets that they have through the Workplace business. And then the second thing we need to do is we need to win more of the employee-based businesses at the top of the funnel, and thats why were investing in the experience and the technology around it. So the business has the potential, I think, to add a lot more to our NNA going forward than it does today, and were quite excited about the prospects.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Oh, great. Thanks. A lot of my questions were asked and answered. Maybe just one on the securities portfolio, the AOCI. The improved  or the stability there. Is that entirely due to the accretion of the unrealized marks getting paid down? Or is hedging the securities portfolio playing a substantial part of that?
Peter Crawford: Yes. No. Thanks, Brian. No, thats mostly the  or I should say that really is the impact of the accretion of those marks back to par. With the duration on our available-for-sale portfolio of just over 2 years, youre looking at roughly $600-ish million per quarter in terms of amortization. So thats  even in a flat rate scenario. So thats really whats going on there.
Jeff Edwards: And just doing a time check here, looking maybe were up on the top of the hour here. Peter, do you want to maybe close with some of those final remarks?
Peter Crawford: Sure. Well, thanks, everyone. Appreciate the time you spent with us this morning, and appreciate all the questions. I just want to close by picking up on some comments that Walt made at the outset. And he talked about how its easy to focus attention on the near-term challenges we have faced. Were clearly not blind to those challenges but nor are we fazed by them. We feel a great deal of confidence in our current position, our strategy and the loyalty we have built with our clients. We feel also a great deal of optimism about the opportunities ahead of us to serve our clients even better, to continue growing, to learn from our experience this year, but also to put in the rearview mirror as we continue to deliver for our clients and our stockholders in the years ahead. Thank you very much again, and we look forward to speaking with you in January.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude todays conference. Thank you all for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-21 12:27:06) =====
Jeff Edwards: And here we go. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for the Schwab 2023 Summer Business Update. We certainly weren't going to let a little searing Texas heatwave get in the way of providing you with a strategic update on our business. This is Jeff Edwards, Head of Investor Relations, and I'll be followed very shortly by our esteemed presenters, Co-Chairman and CEO, Walt Bettinger; President, Rick Wurster and CFO, Peter Crawford. Before we kick off, let's briefly hit on a few housekeeping items.  Similar to past events I'll be helping facilitate Q&A, and we are still abiding by the one question, no follow-up format. We also ask that you save any clarifying or reconciling questions regarding this morning's reported quarter for the IR team. Today's slides will be posted to the IR website at the beginning of Peter's remarks. Okay. Before we get on to the interesting stuff, let's stop by everyone's favorite slide, our forward-looking statements page, which reminds us all that the future is inherently uncertain, so please stay up-to-date with our disclosures. And with that, Walt, please take it away.
Walt Bettinger: Thank you, Jeff. And good morning, everyone. I'm looking forward to another triple-digit day here in Texas. It's a beautiful day, but it definitely will be a scorcher. A number of years ago, I used an illustration that seems timely to resurrect. When my office used to be in downtown San Francisco, I would often look out toward Treasure Island early in the morning only to see dense fog. And the fog would not only mask the beauty of Treasure Island, it would often be so dense that you couldn't even see the island out in the Bay. In fact, if you didn't know it was there, you might not even realize Treasure Island even existed. In some ways, it seems to me that the fog has settled in again, just as it did a few years ago, and that fog is clouding how some see Charles Schwab today. Years ago, the fog represented the extended period of ZIRP. Or 0 interest rates. Today, the fog represents the short-term challenges brought on by the near record pace of interest rate increases by the Federal Reserve. But as we all know, the fog clouding Treasure Island ultimately lifts and the beauty of Treasure Island becomes clear. And of course, Treasure Island represents Charles Schwab.  Some look at the fog and only see fog. Some look at the fog and know what is temporarily hidden by it and recognize how that fog is currently masking the extraordinary progress we are making as a firm. Those who know what is hidden by the fog recognize our ongoing organic growth and market share gains, successful execution and integration of the largest brokerage combination in history.  Ideal positioning with leadership positions in the two fastest-growing areas of investment services, that's serving registered investment advisors and serving independent minded [technical difficulty] -- the low-cost provider today and poised to widen this advantage over the next 18 to 24 months, and exceptional profitability even in the most challenging of times. Today's presentations and discussions are intended to help more people understand the fog as well as what is hidden by the fog. So thanks a lot for following along. Although still somewhat uneven, the second quarter began to show some signs of an improving economic and investing environment. Inflation began to moderate and while the Fed paused its record pace of interest rates at -- interest rate increases, at least for the month of June.  As equity market volatility fell, overall equity markets performed reasonably well, but it was an exceptionally narrow market with just a handful or two of large-cap growth companies accounting for a significant percentage of the solid performance. Investors took note, and as you can see, investor sentiment turned positive by the end of the quarter. Our investor clients remained relatively active in the markets, making over five million trades per day and with purchases exceeding sales by about 20%. Year-to-date, our clients have entrusted us with over $180 billion in net new assets, a strong number given the tax month of April falls in the first half of the year. And a level of net new assets consistent with our long-term historical trend of net new assets between 5% and 7% of our total asset base. In addition, clients have opened approximately two million new accounts year-to-date.  Key client metrics continue to be solid. In retail, our speed to answer phone calls averaged under 20 seconds, and this is a particularly important metric as we transitioned millions of former Ameritrade clients over to Schwab during the first half of the year. Advisory flows in retail were also solid at over $13 billion. In Advisor Services, we continue to be the destination of choice for breakaway brokers and broker teams of all sizes. Year-to-date, we've assisted almost 160 teams moving over to independents with Schwab as their primary custodian and the average advisor manages about $90 million who converted to independents.  Of course, these near-term metrics are important, but the long-term success of Schwab is even more important and revealing. We have a distinctive set of competitive advantages built over multiple decades that enable us to serve clients in a better way, while at the same time, rewarding our stockholders.  Our advantages revolve around our size and scale, our operating efficiency, service culture, operating structure, reputation and willingness to be disruptive. These six advantages help us to execute on our Through Clients' Eyes strategy, which has resulted in a dramatic increase in market share over the past decade, as we've meaningfully grown our market share of client assets by multiples of our key competitors at independent broker-dealers as well as wirehouses. And this change in market share is more than simply numbers on a page. It represents millions of clients and hundreds of billions of dollars of client assets proactively choosing Schwab and in doing so, getting a better deal than what they traditionally experienced.  And while our scale and efficiency has positioned us as the low-cost provider for many years, we are ready to widen that gap meaningfully in the next 18 months. As we reap the efficiency and automation benefits of the Ameritrade integration. We anticipate the realization of expense savings to be substantial. In addition to the remaining $500 million of synergy savings that we originally committed to as part of the Ameritrade acquisition, we now anticipate achieving at least an additional $500 million in future expense savings. These savings will come from a variety of areas, real estate savings, lower headcount from efficiencies gained via automation built and implemented as part of the integration work, streamlining our organization to ensure we are set up to operate most efficiently post integration. And the removal of temporary expenses that were associated with the integration that we added to ensure a smooth and thoughtful process for our clients. Now Rick, before I turn it over to you to discuss in more depth where we stand with our integration process and the ongoing success we're seeing with existing clients and new prospects, I wanted to simply reinforce the strength of our firm. The successful track record we have built up over decades continues. The competitive advantages we have built, continue. And I'm quite confident that the fog temporarily shrouding our firm will lift and sunny days will return in the coming quarters.  Rick?
Rick Wurster: Thank you, Walt, and hello, everyone. Our efforts remain squarely focused on our three strategic areas, scale and efficiency, win-win monetization and client segmentation. In our time today, I'll highlight the progress we've made in each focus area and talk through the opportunities that we see ahead. Starting with scale and efficiency, integration has been and remains our number one priority. Over Memorial Day weekend, we completed the largest brokerage conversion in the industry, moving more than five million client accounts from Ameritrade to Schwab.  Thanks to the dedication of an incredible team. The conversion was a success. No material issues occurred despite the fact we migrated 11 times more clients than our previous February conversion weekend. Client engagement has been strong with 1.3 million clients logging into Schwab within the first week following the conversion weekend.  In fact, Schwab's second largest market open occurred with no issues on a Tuesday immediately following Memorial Day. And by the end of the day on that Tuesday, our service levels had returned to normal, with us answering calls at an average of seven seconds just a day after the conversion.  More broadly, client and asset attrition within our conversion groups have been below expectations. While we are still in the middle of what has been a successful client conversion, we remain laser-focused on seeing it through to completion in the months ahead. We are on track to migrate the remaining Ameritrade clients in three additional transition groups in September, November and in the first half of 2024. One of the exciting parts of our conversion is the combined capabilities for our clients, whether they are a retail client or an advisor client. And I'd like to start by sharing the benefits on the retail side. We have invested in our web and mobile experiences at Schwab to ensure we have the best of the features and functionalities of both firms. Our former Ameritrade clients will have access to the full spectrum of portfolio and wealth management solutions that we have had at Schwab. Ameritrade clients will also be able to access our banking capabilities, our branch network experience and our exceptional client service. The branch network experience includes providing access to planning and wealth management capabilities that were not a focus of Ameritrade. We believe that will help Ameritrade clients consolidate at Schwab rather than rely upon a second firm.  Now let me discuss the benefits to Schwab's retail clients. One of the biggest enhancements for existing Schwab clients will come when we make thinkorswim available to them later this year. Thinkorswim is one of the crown jewels of Ameritrade. And it's widely considered to be the premier trading platform in the market today, with its unique combination of powerful tools and dedicated service from experienced trading professionals alongside education, for all levels of experience. And all retail clients will have this at our competitive pricing representing our true no trade-offs approach.  The same is true for our RIA clients. Ameritrade advisors will migrate to Schwab over the September conversion weekend, but they already have access to meaningful aspects of our RIA experience. Ameritrade advisors already participate in our flagship industry events, including IMPACT. They've started to benefit from our leading business consulting offer, including participating in our annual benchmarking study and the executive leadership program.  And we've included them in our RIA industry advocacy programs while also giving them access to resources like our strategy desk which educates advisors on how to use various option strategies through one-on-one consultations as well as our block desk, which helps advisors to optimize their best execution process. And as we look to Labor Day weekend, preparations for conversion are well underway and advisors are engaged. 80% of firms who only custody with Ameritrade have already begun to credentialize themselves. Over 20,000 Veo One users have accessed Schwab Advisor Center to test drive our platform.  Over 5,000 firms to date have attended at least one educational webinar session. And we are spending this summer helping firms get familiar with our technology, our investment offerings and our people, so they are ready to do business at Schwab after Labor Day weekend. And after conversion, all advisors will enjoy the full benefits of our combined offer, a custodial platform that is designed to help RIAs of all sizes grow and succeed. Schwab advisers will benefit from award-winning platforms and capabilities like thinkpipes, iRebal and for Model Market Center technology. And Schwab Advisor Center will incorporate Veo Ones most popular features and functionality. Ameritrade advisors will have access to the breadth of Schwab's offer, including Schwab Charitable and Schwab Bank. We believe there will never have been a stronger custodial offer in the market than coming out of the conversion weekend. Turning now to win-win monetization. Clients are continuing to come to Schwab for advice and we've seen strong flows in our full-service wealth programs and our managed investing solutions. Schwab Wealth Advisory had $5.9 billion in net flows for the first half of 2023 and an increase of 89% compared to last year. And notably, some of these inflows are being driven by a meaningful increase in flows from existing advisory clients, which combined with a strong Client Promoter Score, demonstrates the value clients see in the offer. It is also worth noting that 20% of flows in the Schwab Wealth Advisory in the first half of the year were from Ameritrade FCs. Validating our belief that there is a large untapped demand among Ameritrade clients for more help and advice, a significant asset and retention opportunity, which we are excited to capture in the years ahead. Client interest in the Wasmer Schroeder Strategies continues to be strong with $2.8 billion in net flows for the first half of the year. In just a few years, Wasmer Schroeder Strategies have gone from 0% to 31% of our managed account solutions assets at Schwab. This clearly demonstrates our ability to drive win-win monetization as clients have benefited from lower cost fixed income strategies than they had previously and we are benefiting from outsized flows in fixed income. Ameritrade clients migrating to Schwab are showing appetite for our advice offers. When we look at net flows into our managed investing solutions year-to-date, more than $280 million came from legacy Ameritrade clients after they migrated to Schwab.  Finally, we continue to build on our Schwab Personalized Indexing offer. In June, we rolled out a new experience for our RIA clients and gave them more flexibility to tailor their clients' Schwab Personalized Indexing portfolios. Advisors are also now able to digitally onboard their clients into our direct indexing offer and have access to a new digital dashboard that highlights the performance of each account. Turning now to client segmentation. Just last week, we launched two new branded client experiences to meet the unique needs of our retail self-directed clients with more than $1 million and those with more than $10 million in assets. The new experience for clients with $1 million to $10 million is called Schwab Private Client Services and the experience for our $10 million-plus clients is Schwab Private Wealth Services.  Our goal is to meet the needs of these clients across several key dimensions, relationships, service, operations, product and price. The differentiated experiences will include access to a dedicated Schwab consultant who can help them manage their financial life, access to dedicated service teams, access to a range of wealth management specialists, discounted mortgage pricing, special client events and more. Our high net worth clients already represent more than two-thirds of our retail client assets. And as you can see on this page, they also represent the areas where we have the greatest growth potential as these are our fastest-growing retail segments. Meeting the needs of key client segments as we are doing with these new experiences, will continue to support our long-term asset growth. We've spent quite a bit of time in this forum talking about the opportunities for growth that we see ahead. I've described in some detail how our strengths have positioned Schwab to sustain an organic growth rate of 5% to 7% over the long term by attracting new assets from existing clients and attracting new clients to Schwab. These strengths include a client base that is in the peak of wealth accumulation. Dedicated relationships, our commitment to RIA growth, our brand, our acquisition model and our workplace pipeline. As Walt shared earlier, our 2023 year-to-date organic growth rate remains in this consistent range, north of 5%, and we are well positioned for this to continue. As we've shared in prior quarters, we have an attractive $3.5 billion to $4 billion revenue opportunity ahead in wealth management as we increase advice penetration among retail clients and grow our lending offer for all clients. I'll wrap up where Walt started. Our Through Clients' Eyes strategy remains our North Star. With clients at the forefront of every decision we make, we are successfully delivering on a historic integration while making progress on our strategic focus areas. At the same time, we are adhering to the financial discipline that is the hallmark of our all-weather business model by identifying opportunities for cost savings and efficiencies that will allow us to reinvest in our clients and reward our stockholders. With this approach, we are on track to harness the tremendous long-term growth opportunities that lie ahead.  And with that, I will turn it over to Peter.
Peter Crawford: Thank you very much, Rick. So Walt and Rick talked about how our Through Clients' Eyes strategy continues to power strong client growth, enabling us to take significant share within the wealth management category. The progress we're making with the Ameritrade acquisition and integration and our excitement about what the combination means for our clients and our stockholders. Our plans to further our industry-leading cost advantage, both through the remaining Ameritrade integration efforts and other expense reduction actions and how we're continuing to advance our broader strategic agenda. In my time today, I'll talk about how our second quarter financial performance, which was down from the very high bar we set in '22 due largely to temporary factors. Also provide an update on the slowing pace of cash realignment activity, a trend which reinforces our confidence that we're already past peak usage of temporary supplemental funding. And as the amount of that higher cost funding decreases, our core earnings power will be unlocked. And finally, I'll share an updated outlook for 2023 and some early thoughts on certain aspects of 2024 which we expect will reflect a continued return to normal for the company.  Now what I believe should become clear is that while our near-term financial performance has been impacted by client cash allocation activity, activity that we have supported and even encouraged, that activity is moderating as one would expect, which means that the potential trajectory of our longer-term financial performance should be getting increasingly clear. And as it does so, you should see the benefit of our continued growth, our tireless drive for greater efficiency and the resilience of our diversified business model. As Walt mentioned, despite the volatile environment and somewhat more muted investor sentiment, we have continued to drive healthy organic growth throughout 2023. Now if you look at our financial performance in isolation, you'd say it was a very strong quarter, nearly $5 billion of revenue and adjusted pretax margin of well over 40% and over 36% on a GAAP basis our 33rd straight quarter over 35% and $0.75 of adjusted EPS. But relative to the second quarter of last year, of course, revenue and earnings were lower. And this is almost entirely the consequence of client cash allocation activity, which has led to lower interest-earning assets and greater usage of higher cost supplemental funding, primarily CDs and FHLB which we have utilized to support this activity.  Utilization, which is temporary in nature and therefore is not expected to weigh on our long-term financial performance. And in fact, assuming stable client engagement, we believe our net interest margin this past quarter should represent a trough for the year. Thinking of interest-earning assets or assets in general, bank deposits were down 7% sequentially due to client cash allocation decisions, but we saw a significant decrease in the pace of that activity from April to May and then May to June. Our liquidity position remains quite strong, and our capital position continues to get even stronger with our consolidated Tier 1 leverage ratio rising to 7.5%. And what we're calling here are adjusted Tier 1 leverage ratio, which is inclusive of AOCI. And therefore, what our binding constraint would be if we lose the AOCI opt-out that ratio at our three banking subsidiaries all topping 4% by the end of the quarter.  Again, those aren't our regulatory capital ratios yet, but we expect they will be at some point in the future. And you can see we're well on our way to meeting those new regulatory requirements well ahead of the likely deadline. Now we shared in our last SMART report the dramatic reduction in the pace of client cash allocation activity from April to May. And in June, we saw a further slowing in the pace of deposit flows. And the reduction would have been even more significant or not for a large reversal in client equity allocations from sales in May to net purchases in June. Now that broader trend is encouraging, but not surprising, and it's reinforced by specific data points we see when we look under the hood. We're seeing fewer and fewer individuals making their initial purchase of an investment cash solution, a purchase money fund or CD or treasury security. And since the clients with larger cash balances moved first, again, not surprisingly, the average size of those initial purchases has also come down. In June, and this is really important. In June, we also saw a net deposit increase for our Advisor Services business. And that's significant because in this and in previous cycles, Advisor Services has tended to be a leading indicator of what will happen with Investor Services, realigning first as rates start to rise, and now slowing substantially. And as I said, actually increasing slightly their Schwab One and Bank Sweep balances in the month of June. And that's again despite of net equity purchases. As you all know, we have supported this client cash allocation activity first to be a range of organic sources, cash on hand as well as cash that comes in via new accounts and also with principal and interest payments from our securities portfolio. But to the extent that those three sources have been insufficient, we have utilized a mix of temporary sources, including CDs and short-term funding from the FHLB.  Barring an unexpected increase in deposit outflows from clients engaging more actively in the equity markets, the pace of that activity has now dropped to a level that we can cover with those organic sources. In fact, we have not initiated any new short-term borrowings or CDs since late May, which means that we have already seen a decline in that supplemental funding. Again, that encompasses CDs, FHLB and repo of $12 billion since the peak in late May.  And as client cash realignment continues to slow and eventually reverses, we'd expect those supplemental funding balances to continue to decline over the next 18 months and be mostly paid off by the end of 2024. And this means that they should not really be a factor in our earnings picture in 2025 and beyond. Looking out to the rest of the year. As client cash allocation activity abates, we'd expect to see a return of transactional cash growth later this year. And then as we continue to pay off the higher cost funding sources while driving strong organic growth, we should see a stabilization of revenue and then a resumption of growth, leading to a year-over-year revenue decline of roughly 7% to 8%. With our net interest margin expanding from here to reach a level in the mid-to 10 basis points by Q4, assuming the dot plots from a couple of weeks ago, so two more 25 basis point Fed increases. On the expense side, we've already taken steps to trim our spending levels this year such that we now expect our 2023 adjusted expense growth to be somewhere in the 6-ish percent range, inclusive of $160 million roughly million onetime FDIC surcharge. Meaning that our other spending is tracking roughly 300 basis points below the range we communicated back in January as we have adjusted and optimized our expense base consistent with Walt's earlier comments. Now turning our attention to 2024. We expect to see strong growth in revenue and profitability driven by an expansion of net interest margin into the upper 200s as we see a return of core deposit growth and pay off the vast majority of the supplemental funding we've accessed and the realization of at least $1 billion of net run rate expense synergies, including more than $500 million, pardon me, in net 2024 reductions relative to the outlook we shared back in January. And that would imply that 2024 adjusted expenses could be similar to or potentially even a little below 2023 levels. From a capital standpoint, our plan is to continue to conserve capital for the immediate future and we see a clear path towards growing our consolidated Tier 1 leverage ratio, inclusive of AOCI, back to our operating objective at some point in 2024. At which point, we could be in a position to return -- resume more opportunistic capital return. And then looking even longer term, we continue to see a significant opportunity for continued NIM expansion even after we realize the benefits of paying off the supplemental funding. And that comes from investing new money and reinvesting principal and interest from our existing securities portfolio at rates that are much higher than we are in today. It's important to note this would still happen even if rates fall from their peak as the dot plots currently suggest. I've spoken at length this morning about some of the dynamics that are temporarily weighing on our financial performance. And as those dynamics stayed into the background, we remain very confident that our financial formula will reassert itself to drive long-term earnings growth as it has for multiple decades. It's built on our Through Clients' Eyes strategy and no trade-offs approach which positions us to drive sustainable and consistent organic growth. And even as we've worked our way through multiple rate cycles, made disruptive moves like cutting equity commissions to 0 and acquiring Ameritrade, we've been able to convert that strong organic growth into client asset growth, revenue growth, and through ongoing expense discipline, expanding margins and then through efficient capital management, drive mid-teens plus EPS growth through the cycle. That has been the financial formula for Schwab for much of our history. And as we emerge from this unique period, we're extremely confident it will continue to reward our long-term stockholders for years, decades to come. With that, I'll turn it over to Jeff to facilitate our Q&A. Jeff?
Jeff Edwards: Thank you, gents [ph]. Operator, can you please remind everyone of our process and go ahead and start the Q&A portion of the program.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Ken Worthington with J.P. Morgan. You may go ahead.
Ken Worthington : Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. My question is on the revenue synergies from Ameritrade and your expectations now. In January, I believe you expected $2.5 billion to $2.8 billion of revenue synergies from the transaction with BDA balances as the leading driver, have? And if so, how have pass sorting in the revised BDA agreement impacted both the size and the timing of your expected revenue synergies here?
Peter Crawford: Yes. I'll take that one. Thank you, Ken. So I'd say fundamentally, the -- we remain very, very bullish on the revenue synergies. And as you point out, the -- certainly a significant portion of those revenue synergies are coming from moving the BDA balances from TD Bank over to Schwab Bank's balance sheet over time.  And those continue despite the fact -- the way that we have renegotiated the IDA agreement, that's a more of a near-term dynamic, the long-term implication of that, the long-term planning has not changed, which is that we'd expect to move those balances over to our balance sheet and realize those revenue synergies from doing so. But that's only a part of the story. And I think the other part of the revenue synergies are -- we're very, very excited about. And those come from allowing the legacy Ameritrade clients to have access to Schwab's broader array of wealth management solutions, lending, advice, et cetera. And Rick talked in his comments about some of the early signs of progress of interest in those solutions.  If you look at the penetration rate of advice among their legacy retail clients within Schwab, it's about 19%, Ameritrade, it's about 6% or 7%. And we think that's a huge untapped need, we know those clients are interested in that advice, and we're very, very excited about that opportunity, which we think will unfold over multiple years.
Operator: The next question is from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. You may go ahead.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. Peter, understanding that the client cash has been -- sorting has been slowing throughout the quarter. But your outlook for resumption of deposit growth is prior to year-end. Just curious, normally, you have positive seasonality with cash build around December. Are you assuming growth in deposits ex the normal seasonal benefit?
Peter Crawford: Yes. Dan, I don't know if I want to parse it quite that finely. I mean, I would say is we do expect that we'll see a resumption. I mean if you look at the trends from frankly, even from the first quarter from March to April, April to May, May to June, and you don't have to do too unusual, I guess, extrapolations to see that flipping. So we'd expect we'll see return of deposit growth I would say, ahead of that typical seasonal buildup that you get in later November and into December.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Thanks, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just on that subject, if we do see the build in deposits as we move through the year, and into '24. Peter, can you talk about what type of LCR ratio would you prefer to operate in? It's been I think, historically in the last year or so in the 110% to 130% range, it was well above 100%. But is that a range that you would generally like to stay in? Or in the new environment, would you prefer to build liquidity over and above that range? And then if it's in that range, could that imply faster FHLB pay down than your model potentially?
Peter Crawford: Yes. So I mean I think -- I guess I would say, answer this a couple of ways. I mean when we think about LCR, what we really focus on is the LCR and there is certainly there's LCR at the banks, but there's also LCR at the parent. And when we look at the LCR at the parent, that's really driven more by what's happening on the broker-dealer side. That tends to be the -- we have -- and so that is a function of what's happening with margin balances, free credit balances and so forth. Within the banks, we certainly have ample access and ample liquidity, a very, very liquid portfolio there. We have been running a little bit higher levels of cash. I'd expect that as we continue to put some distance between now and where we were back in March and sort of the -- some of the stresses around the banking system, we'll continue to let those cash levels decline, and that will be a contributor to paying down some and retiring some of the CDs and the FHLB. So I would say that would probably be the bigger factor is continue to let those cash balances decline back closer to our operating objective, which is more around 5% or 6% of deposits.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research. You may go ahead.
Michael Anagnostakis : Good morning. It's Michael Anagnostakis on for Steven. Just maybe another one on the balance sheet here. Now that it feels like a dust has settled from the banking crisis. Is selling down a portion of the securities portfolio is something you're considering to pay down high-cost borrowing sooner? And from a regulatory perspective, would your lower Tier 1 leverage inclusive of AOCI preclude you from crystallizing those losses? Thank you.
Peter Crawford: Yes. Thanks very much for the question. I know there's been a lot of I guess, speculation on this and a lot of discussion about this. I'm glad you asked this. So let me reiterate, first and foremost, we do not need to and something we said previously, we do not need to sell securities. We have plenty of liquidity to support the client cash allocation activity. As we talked about, that activity is slowing and remain quite profitable. Our capital levels are growing, and our NIM is poised to improve, as we've talked about. At the same time, we certainly recognize that selling securities can look good on paper from a financial standpoint as it would accelerate some of the trends that we'd otherwise see, things like increasing our go-forward net interest margin, net interest revenue, accelerating the paydown of borrowing, building our capital levels.  But the important point is that's an acceleration of trends that are already happening. And we're very mindful of the potential risks that doing something like that could be misunderstood or misperceived by the outside world and most importantly, by our clients. And so I would say it remains something we won't rule out, but it's not something we are actively pursuing at this time. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. You may go ahead.
Michael Cyprys: Good morning. And thanks for taking the question. I was hoping you could elaborate a bit more on some of the steps you guys are taking to expand advice penetration within the retail customer set. I think that's maybe around 14% today, advice penetration of the retail customers. What actions can you guys do to accelerate and lift that higher over time? What level do you think is achievable if you look out like five years, is 20% reasonable? And which offerings and services do you think will be the most meaningful in helping drive that uplift?
Rick Wurster: So I would say that we have lots of opportunity in driving advice penetration. And the reason being that -- our clients are increasingly looking to us for advice. They want help and guidance in all measures where we survey clients. They're asking for more help and guidance, and we'd like certainly for Schwab clients to turn to us for help and guidance.  We want to provide what they need. We've done a lot to try to bolster our offerings, and I'll share a few things. The first thing we've done is we've taken our proprietary Schwab Wealth Advisory offering, which is our wealth full-service wealth management offer to clients, and we've invested in it tremendously in the past couple of years. And we've seen the returns to that. As you can see by the 90% increase in flows -- 89% increase in net flows that we reported as well as the really strong Client Promoter Scores that we consistently earn in that offer. So the investments have been paying off, and we've seen an acceleration of growth there. And as I mentioned earlier, a lot of it has come from Ameritrade clients who didn't have access to a program like this previously that are now turning towards it. So that is all encouraging. We also, as you are aware, bought Wasmer Schroeder a few years ago, we're seeing just tremendous growth in the fixed income space for clients that want help and guidance there. And then we are encouraged by what we're seeing in Schwab Personalized Indexing.  We believe 5, 10 years from now, taxable assets that will be the primary location that clients save or invest in taking share from ETFs over time. And we're at the forefront of that, driving down the cost for clients to participate in that as well as the minimum asset tax. We've democratized access to personalized investing, which is very much in line with our heritage. And then finally, what I would say is our SAN program, our Schwab Advisor Network program continues to grow. And gain really strong flows on our platform. We want to make sure clients have access to whatever help and guidance they need, whether it's a Schwab proprietary offer or something through our advisor network, and we continue to see robust flows there. The combination of all that is growing at Schwab, and it's also growing among Ameritrade clients. So we think the future is really bright in wealth. We've invested a lot in it. And thankfully, we're seeing the returns to those investments, both at Schwab and among our Ameritrade clients.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: Hi. Good morning, everybody. I was hoping you could provide a little bit more color on sort of how net new money is allocating cash once they get into Schwab. So as you think about your organic growth kind of in that 5-ish, 6-ish% range recently, what percentage of the cash that comes across actually goes into the Schwab Bank versus into some of the higher-yielding options? Thanks. 
Peter Crawford: Yes, it's a tough -- I mean we get this question a lot, and it's a really tough question to answer because it really is kind of what time frame are you looking at when you answer that question. I mean the money tends to come in heavily in the form of cash, sort of 45% or 50% maybe in the form of cash. But over time, not surprisingly, it gets invested and it gets invested in ways that look similar to our existing clients. So clients often will bring in cash, invest in the equity markets, invest in mutual funds, fixed income and typically leave some of that cash on the balance sheet as transactional cash. So it really depends, new accounts versus existing accounts tend to have different behavior. But I would say that in aggregate, over time, as we grow new accounts, those new accounts typically bring a level of transactional cash that helps to offset or more than offset any residual client-cash realignment activity that's happening among our existing accounts. And so that becomes an important source of deposit growth over time.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Brennan Hawken with UBS. You may go ahead.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Curious, Peter, if you have considered what TLAC, if that was applied to Schwab might mean and what that would mean as far as the long-term debt that you might need to carry, obviously, not versus where we are today because we've got this big buildup of the wholesale. But once we get to sort of steady state versus the steady state before this all began, have you considered that and what that impact that might have?
Peter Crawford: Yes. We certainly have considered and looked at that. And I think there's still a number of dimensions of that, that are to be determined. And so the implications are a little bit up in the air. But I would say the bottom line is none of the implications we think are going to be in any way disruptive.  I mean they'll be very manageable depending on how it's -- the TLAC is calibrated, whether it's calibrated at the G-SIB level or it's calibrated at sort of lower level. Based on the analysis we've seen, we could have either enough debt already or have to issue a very modest amount, I mean, sort of a couple of billion dollars, $2 billion, $3 billion of incremental debt. So again, when you think about the carrying cost of that, it's quite modest. So we don't see that as being a sort of a significant factor moving forward.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Benjamin Budish with Barclays. You may go ahead.
Benjamin Budish: Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to double check on the incremental cost synergies you talked about in the slide deck, you mentioned that the 2024 expense growth of kind of flat to negative is based on the assumption that you realized those savings. Is that sort of the plan that the remaining $500 million plus the additional $500 million will all be realized over the course of '24? And then how do we think about the risk that expense growth could be? Slightly positive or just the kind of parameters around which we might think about modeling next year's OpEx growth?
Peter Crawford: Sure. So as we shared previously, the $500 million of remaining expense synergies related to the integration, the majority of those will be unlocked as we complete the integration in the months after we complete integration. So as we shared previously, we'd expect that the vast majority of that $500 million will be realized on a run rate basis by the end of 2024. The $500 million of incremental expense savings that Walt previewed in his comments, we'd expect the vast majority of those to be realized by the end of 2023 and so those would have a -- will also have an impact on 2024, but those are incremental to -- those are not contemplated in the scenario that we had shared at the Winter Business Update, where I think we talked about something like 4% to 5% adjusted expense growth from '23 to '24.  You take that and you just subtract that at least that $500 million plus as we talked about, that's how you get to flat to negative adjusted expense growth from '23 to '24. But again, given the fact that we're realizing some of the expense synergies related to integration in 2024, that will clearly have a benefit as we go from '24 to '25 as well. So it's really looking at two years of sort of below trend expense growth not just the expense growth.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Chris Allen with Citi. You may go ahead.
Christopher Allen: Good morning, everyone. I was wondering if you could provide an update on the technological improvement expected for the lending platform this summer. Assuming deposit growth picks up later this year, how do you see the asset side of the balance sheet expanding, do you see more of a mix shift towards lending versus rebuilding the securities book?
Rick Wurster: Yes. We've got some exciting developments on the lending side. One of the things we're thrilled to do is launch a digital Pledged Asset Line experience here during the month of July to our advisers, and we anticipate that will be among the easiest and fastest pledge asset line experience in the industry. We'll do the same in retail. We'll follow with retail. And there's a number of other things we've done on the lending side to make it easier for our higher net worth clients to get a mortgage through Schwab. We've also done things you've seen. I'm sure with our investor advantage pricing, which makes taking the loan through Schwab if you're a client and have assets with us, again, among the lowest cost places to get a loan. So we see the opportunity for meaningful growth here. Lending environment clearly is challenging. So we're not seeing the returns to those investments just yet that we might otherwise have seen.  But what's important is we are laying the foundation for when the lending environment is appealing more and more clients will turn to Schwab for their lending because we've made it easier, we've made it more seamless, we've made it even less costly, and there should be no better place to take a Pledged Asset Line or a mortgage than through your relationship here at Schwab. So we feel confident that when the lending environment improves, we're going to be there.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Patrick Moley with Piper Sandler. You may go ahead.
Patrick Moley: Yes. So I just wanted to go back to the $500 million of incremental cost saves. Wondering if you could elaborate a little more on the areas that those cost saves are coming from? Walt mentioned real estate savings as a driver. And I know last week you announced that you were downsizing, you're closing offices in I think it was over 10 cities. I just wondering if you could maybe quantify the impact from that reduction in the real estate footprint? And then maybe how much of that was already baked into the AMTD integration cost saves that you guided to? And how much of that is maybe newer? Thanks.
Walt Bettinger: Sure. Thanks. So all of it is incremental. None of that was baked into the Ameritrade integration saves. I think one of the items that's important to understand is that over the last several years, as we began preparation for the integration, we recognize that having that go smoothly for the new clients from Ameritrade that would be joining Schwab was the single most important thing we could do.  And so when it came to spending and investing, the answer was yes awful lot. In fact, if you look at our current expenses today and compare them to the sum of what Schwab and Ameritrade's expenses were at the time of the announcement of the acquisition, they're about 20% higher than they were at that date.  And so this fairly significant ramp-up of hiring and expenses that we have incurred in the last three years to ensure this integration went well, we now will be faced with the opportunity to unwind that. So when I talk about $500 million plus in addition to the remaining $500 million from integration from Ameritrade, that's what gets us to over $1 billion in expense savings that we'll recognize between the remaining months in 2023 as well as Peter referenced, in 2024 from the integration wrapping up.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Kyle Voigt with KBW. You may go ahead.
Kyle Voigt : Hi, good morning. I'm assuming the repayment expectations for short-term funding through 2024 is part driven by the growing client cash and in part by the shrinking securities portfolio. So my question is on the securities portfolio specifically. If you look at average balances, they were down about 4.3% sequentially or $14 billion. I guess when you look at the current maturity schedule and expectations for prepayments in the current interest rate environment, what are your updated expectations on how that securities portfolio, how the balances could trend over the next six months or maybe 12 months?
Peter Crawford: So the way I think about it is in terms of when we think about it, we think about sort of the principal and interest payments of the securities portfolio, and we use that as a mechanism to support the cash realignment activity and then also to pay down some of the short-term borrowings.  And that's tracking about $5-ish billion per month, $15 billion per quarter as that portfolio shrinks, that, of course, that month -- those monthly cash flows will decrease modestly. But even in through next year, we still expect that to -- those monthly -- that monthly activity to be $4 billion plus $4 billion to $5 billion, somewhere in that range over the course of 2024 as well.
Jeff Edwards: And just operator, looking at the clock, I think we have time for one last question before we wrap.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. You may go ahead.
Devin Ryan: Thanks. Good morning. Most questions have been asked here. Maybe just one kind of ticky tack on the model. Your securities lending revenues have been bouncing back a little bit. And just want to get a -- and that can move the NIM around. So I want to get a sense of how you guys think about kind of a normalized level of securities lending. And if we should just be looking for kind of what's happening in the capital markets, I know when there's more active maybe IPO market or type of market environment that can be better. So just thinking about what's going to move that back to levels that were, I think, healthier back in late 2021?
Peter Crawford: Yes. So you're right. So securities lending revenue does move around, it can move around month-to-month day-to-day, frankly, based off of oftentimes demand for a relatively small number of hard-to-borrow stocks, and that's really what we focus on is the hard-to-borrow stocks. We're the largest lender in the industry for those hard-to-borrow stocks. And many times, they are event driven, whether it's a SPAC or de-SPAC situation or IPO or whatever it might be. I think over time, I guess I would say two things. One is over time, I do -- we would expect that securities lending revenue to grow with the growth in margin balances because that creates more inventory and the growth in our total client assets. At the same time, we see a significant opportunity to continue to grow sec lending revenue sort of irrespective of what happens with balances. We talked previously about the combination of the green and blue sec lending capabilities on the Ameritrade side has access to more hard-to-borrow stocks. But on the blue side, on the Schwab side, we have had some more advanced capabilities, such as a fully -- a more mature fully paid program. And so we're very, very excited about that combination and continue to unlock the significant opportunities that combination provides and for example, making more of our clients aware of the fully paid opportunity. So I think that -- we see that as a revenue synergy from the combination and a great opportunity moving forward. Okay. And I think that is -- I think that we said that was our last question. So let me just close this out here as we're getting to the bottom of the hour. There's no doubt that the last few months have presented some challenges for our clients, our people and our business. And Walt spoke at the outset about the metaphorical fog that has obscured I think the enduring quality of the Schwab franchise.  And as we're sitting here today in this 100-degree Texas heat, it feels like that fog is starting to clear and as it does, I think what you see as a company building loyalty among clients that is among the highest in the industry. Producing consistent 5% to 7% organic growth, positioned strongly in the two fastest-growing segments in wealth management.  Delivering consistent profitability highlighted by a 42% adjusted pretax margin during one of our toughest quarters in a long time and pursuing a lot of opportunities with the Ameritrade integration and beyond to drive growth and to deliver even greater efficiency. And as I hope you've gleaned over this past hour, we remain very confident about the path forward and our future, and we look forward to discussing our continued progress with you at our next update in October. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-17 11:00:00) =====
Unidentified Company Representative: We are all set and ready to go. Please welcome Jeff Edwards.
Jeff Edwards: All right. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the 2023 Schwab Winter Business Update. I'm Jeff Edwards, Head of Investor Relations. For our long-time listeners that were expecting to see Mr. Fowler, I can confidently say that I did reach him on his bat phone this morning, somewhere in his bunker in Northern California. It is a top-down day now that we've finally gotten through that atmospheric river. We have a very exciting day for you today to talk about the Schwab story. We have, hopefully, to many of you are very familiar have interacted with over time in person, but maybe over the last couple of years here, we've been a part maybe you've only seen virtually. So we're looking forward to it. The agenda is very similar to years past. Walt will kick us off and as well followed by Mr. Rick Wurster, our President; Joe Martinetto, aka Professor Martinetto, will follow and talk a little bit about the Ameritrade conversion and some of the updates on technology. We'll then do a double-click into the business with Jonathan, Stacy and Bernie join us to talk a little bit about wealth and advice. And then finally, Mr. Peter Crawford, CFO, will finish the day and beyond. Now that we're back in person, it's important to kind of revisit our Q&A etiquette. We will still be taking questions over the web console for those of you that are joining us virtually today. For those here in the room, we will be doing our mic runners. Grayson down here you see coming down the aisle, so please raise your hands, we'd ask that you wait for them to bring you a mic before asking your question. Similar to the recent updates, we'll be doing the one question, no follow-up. However, we will be coming back around so that there is ample opportunity for everybody to ask hopefully multiple questions to make sure you get all those questions answered. For everybody, virtually, please go to the web console. Ms. Lauren Gaspar will be helping me collect those. So let's be nice as we send those across. And if anything comes up, please hesitate to reach out to the IR team with any questions or concerns. Finally, everyone's favorite slide of the day, the wall of words. It simply reminds us that our disclosures can change and evolve over time, so please stay in touch. With that, I would like to transition to our Co-Chairman and CEO, Mr. Walt Bettinger.
Walter Bettinger : Good morning, everyone. It's hard to believe that it's been three years since we were together in person. I think we squeezed this in right before the pandemic. I'm actually dealing today with a non-COVID cold. When I describe a cold, of course, now I have to make sure that it is non-COVID-related, but my voice is a little bit off. If I start to lose my voice, I guess I'll have less to say and maybe that will be a blessing for everyone given my use of a lot of words. But it is wonderful to be with all with you today, and we're looking forward to an exciting day of interaction. So we often talk about our all-weather business model at Schwab and the ability for us to generate strong, powerful results throughout different time frames. And I think if you look back at '21 and '22, you see that illustrated perfectly in the last two years. So in 2021, you had an extraordinary year for equity markets and we dealt with near-record low interest rates, and we delivered record financial results. When you flip over to 2022, you had a near-record year in terms of equity market pain or difficulty. And then we had some of the rapidest increases in interest rates that we've experienced. And we delivered record financial results. And I hope that as I go through my time today, it helps paint that long-term picture. The way we manage the business, the way we think about the business, the way we execute on the business strategy is to deliver those kind of results throughout all different environments, all different cycles that you can count on a long-term perspective. We're going to touch on each of these topics in my section, both our ability to deliver growth consistently through all forms of economic environments as well as return capital during certain periods, such as the one that we're in right now. I'll touch briefly on the Ameritrade conversion, although Joe Martinetto, of course, will go into that in much more detail. And then also I'll touch on how important it is that in our business, we have aligned the areas of significant investment around places in the market where I think we all agree and research shows are the fastest growing. So I mentioned earlier about 2022. We all know it well. No need to necessarily go through the charts and the math. But we know it was a very, very difficult year for our clients, a difficult year for investors. You had both, of course, equity markets and bond markets experiencing tough periods. And not surprising, when you get that type of environment, investors feel it. And so they operated in a bear environment from a mentality standpoint, a sentiment standpoint, throughout almost the entire year. And then, of course, as the year moved forward, we saw greater intensity in terms of yields and flipping with the long-term rates and short-term rates. So we inverted. Through the years though, our clients remain very heavily engaged with us. So we delivered almost $430 billion in net new assets during the year. Interestingly, our clients remained buyers during the years so despite their bare sentiment, there was optimism in terms of being net buyers. Processed about 6 million trades a year, and clients continue to enroll in our advisory offers during 2022. This is a really important slide as I talk about the long-term perspective of the company. We often describe that when you invest in Schwab, you invest in a growth story, and you invest in a growth story that thrives throughout every different type of economic environment. So this slide shares net new assets in -- going back to 2011 and how we are consistently able to deliver within that 5% to 7% range no matter what's going on with the equity markets. Actually '21, we are a bit over. If you look down at the footnotes, you'll notice that we're only including Ameritrade from, I believe, 2020 forward when we got the closing. So actually, if you were to layer Ameritrade on there pre-2020, you would see even stronger numbers in terms of net new assets. But what's important is the consistency, the consistency of our ability to deliver for our clients so that they then turn around and deliver for us in bringing assets into the firm. Now why did they do that? Well, this slide, I think, helps paint some of the pictures. So we refer to it as Client Promoter Score. Of course, many people refer to it as Net Promoter Score. And you can see results across our various parts of the firm. Investor Services at 64. And of course, these are world-class-type NPS numbers for those of you who follow the NPS world. Managed investing dipped a bit in the fourth quarter. But as Neesha will share with you later, 22 of the past 24 quarters, clients who pay us for advice actually had higher Net Promoter or Client Promoter Scores than our self-directed retap clients. So although it dipped a bit, not surprising with equity markets, they are a very happy client. Easy score of 92, and then 83% of our client interactions with one of our representatives resulted in the clients giving us a perfect score, the highest score they could possibly offer us. So underlying facts behind that very consistent ability to grow and deliver net new assets. Of course we receive plenty of industry accolades. I wont spend much time on this. We will hear some more about additional ones of these before long, but they provide some additional boost I suppose, to consumer evaluation. And of course, when you have that kind of consistent organic growth, consistent new asset flows, it puts you in a position to deliver consistent strong financial results, and here you can just see revenue and net income, pre-tax profit margin and diluted EPS again over the last handful of years. Yes, again, over the last handful of years. We tried to go back in this session today and cover a bit more historically because it has been the three years since we year since we were together so normally these would be the things we would be sharing every year, only looking back a year or two, but I thought it was important this time to go a little further back and just reinforce the consistency of our performance. So we like to say at Schwab, it's all about the conversion, but it's also all about a whole series of other things. But we are about to begin the formal conversion here within a couple of weeks. We're very, very excited about that. I know many of the Ameritrade clients are also very excited. We're also really pleased at the response from the clients as we've reached out to them and begun our first transition group here over the next couple of weeks. And we know that this is a big, complicated conversion. No one has ever converted a brokerage business anywhere near this size or scale in the history of our industry, but we feel very confident about where we are. Our test results are late have been delivering the 99.9% accuracy. We don't expect it to be perfect. We try to be very realistic about that. But we do remain quite confident that overall will be a wonderful experience. And when it all is said and done, the clients at both former Schwab as well as the former Ameritrade will have better experience, better tools, better capabilities than either one has had before. So I talked about our consistent ability to deliver results, but I want to just take a step back and again go through why we think that's possible. As you can see on the left side of the slide, we really believe at Schwab that we operate with some structural advantages within our industry, and we look to leverage those structural advantages to better serve clients and better reward our stockholders. Size and scale, relatively unparalleled, certainly within the public company environment. Operating efficiency, we are huge believers that the low-cost provider is the ultimate winner, particularly if being the low-cost provider doesn't involve trade-offs to be able to be in that position. Our service culture, again, I think goes without saying, but everyone is well aware of the quality of our service, our consistency. Look at 2022 for example. We averaged answering the phone last year in about 30 seconds on the Schwab Blue side and about 11 seconds on the TD Ameritrade Green side. Of course, those will come together as we do this conversion. But we answer the phone, we serve our clients, we're there for them. Our branches have been open for several years, and we're ready to serve our clients, and we know that they have a good experience when they interact with us. We have a very efficient operating structure. We don't have [fiefdoms] at Schwab. We have a One Schwab mentality in which everything is about the client. Everything revolves around the client. We work in partnership. We work closely together. We compensate all of our people based on doing the right thing. If you go into a branch and you speak with one of our reps, whether they're talking with the client about a Schwab solution around advisory or working with an RIA, we compensate them in a similar manner. If they're talking about looking at investing in a fund, whether it's a fund run by Schwab or a fund run by a third party, maybe even a third party who provides us no shareholder servicing, we compensate our reps in the same way. We try to structure an operating model which is efficient both for stockholders but also serves our clients well and minimizes the potential for conflicts. Of course, our brand and our corporate reputation ties in with our willingness to disrupt. We have been a consistent disruptor on behalf of our clients, and you should expect that to continue in the future. Let me just go back for one second and touch on two other items here. I mentioned about the and, and it's so important, particularly in terms of being a low-cost provider. We look to not ask our clients to make trade-offs. There's no reason they. Great people across technology and digital experiences and so on, all the way down. And our virtuous cycle also continue at play. You can see it rolling all the way back to our decision to broadly eliminate commission back in 2019 and how it's carried forward to today as we're able to reward out stockholders, and also reward our clients. And of course, you saw the latest example of that yesterday, coming out of our Board meeting where we substantially increased our dividend now up to $0.25 per quarter. As I come down the end of my prepared comments, I just wanted to touch again on the way we think about strategy at Schwab. Everything sits with an overlaying what is going to be best for our clients. At the same time, we identify long-term industry trends. For those of you who have been with me for a long time as we've had these meetings, I would periodically provide to you a list of trends that we viewed were going to be critical in the coming years and how they would shape our strategy. And of course, that continues today. You can see our view on broad trends, client views and the competitive landscape. I just want to emphasize that the two fastest-growing areas in our industry are self-directed investing and the RIA world. And of course, our positioning in both of those spaces, we consider as absolutely optimal. So we have tremendous optimism about our future and our ability to continue to deliver the type of consistent organic growth that you've seen from us and that I shared in the prior charts. So let me just go ahead and wrap up here real quickly, just again emphasizing the consistency of our strategy through clients' eyes. 2022, another record year. We're very excited about 2023. We know it's going to be a transition year. We're going to be doing the largest conversion in the history of our industry. We know that we're dealing with still a somewhat challenging environment for our clients. So we know it's going to be a transition year, but we think it sets us up also very, very well for 2024 and 2025, consistent with the long-term perspective that we have at Schwab. So again, thank you for the opportunity to share with all of you. It is wonderful to be together after three years. And Rick Wurster, a great friend and our President, is going to come up and share some comments. And then I'll rejoin Rick for a Q&A with all of you after Rick has finished his slides. Thank you again. Look forward to our Q&A.
Richard Wurster : Hello, everyone. Welcome to Westlake. It's nice to see so many of you in person. One of the questions I'm often asked by analysts is, can we sustain the healthy levels of organic growth that we've delivered historically now that we're a much larger company? So I'm going to talk about that topic in two parts today. I'm going to talk about what we can rely upon from our virtuous cycle, which we think is the ability to continue that growth. And then secondly, I'm going to talk about our strategic focus areas and the role they can play in accelerating both our organic growth and our revenue. We're in a position of strength today. With over $7 trillion of client assets, we are the leading provider of investing in wealth management capabilities of any publicly traded firm in the United States. And as Walt just mentioned, our growth is supported by the fact that we're focused on the two fastest-growing segments of our market. Underlying our growth is our combination of value, service and choice. You see that in the retail channel, the ability to walk into our branch to call our 24/7 line or to deal with our outstanding digital experiences, all with products and services priced at great value. In the RIA space, we provide unmatched practice support. We provide unmatched custodial experiences in terms of our digital and technology capabilities that we provide to RIAs at custody with us. And all of that comes with a commitment to no custody fees for RIAs of any size. And in workplace, it's about our solid platforms that are supported by our industry-leading service. You add that all up, and we have a healthy greater than 1.5 TOA ratio. Now for those that have been covering the company for a while, you may recall us reporting numbers closer to 2. And you can rest assured that our Schwab numbers remain at those levels. But I also want to anchor you to the new numbers that we'll report going forward, which are the integrated Ameritrade and Schwab numbers, still a healthy greater than 1.5. And I also want to provide some context for why Ameritrade has historically had lower TOA. What happens with Ameritrade is clients have been attracted to Ameritrade for their trading capabilities. They bring cash in, ready to execute a trade. They grow their wealth over time with Ameritrade. And at some point, their needs change and they want more full service wealth management support. And so they take some portion of those assets or all of those assets and they TOA them out to a fuller service firm. And so the assets come in, in cash and TOA out in securities, creating a lower TOA ratio. So that's why as we report our TOA ratio going forward, you should expect it to be closer to the 1.5 than the 2 that you've seen from Schwab historically. But therein lies an opportunity. Those clients that have come to Ameritrade to trade that have built wealth there, we're going to expose them to our relationship model. We're going to make available our broader wealth support, and we're going to try to keep as many of those clients in the Schwab family as possible because we know when they're at Schwab, they don't have to make any trade-offs. We have a strong market share today with 12% market share, but there's still lots of room for growth for many years to come. The virtuous cycle has been what has driven our growth over time. Walt has said for many years, if we do right by clients, if we see through their eyes, clients will do more business with us. And this is proof that, that approach has worked. When you look back over the long run, we have consistently delivered 3% to 5% of organic growth from our existing clients. That's our existing clients choosing to do more business with us because we've done right by them. Whether it's them investing their dividends and interest with us, we're bringing their hard-earned savings to invest for the future. We've reliably generated that 3% to 5% from existing clients. We've also been able to attract 2% to 3% of organic growth from clients new to the firm. You add that all up, and it's the 5% to 7% growth Walt shared earlier that we consistently and reliably delivered. So now I want to take a moment and talk about why we're confident that we can continue to drive that growth from our virtuous cycle in the future. And it starts with existing clients. Our client base is young and getting younger. Our average client age is under 50, and 57% of our clients that came in new to Schwab last year were under 40 years old. That puts them squarely in the accumulation stage of their life, meaning they're going to need to contribute more assets to save for their future. The other element driving our future growth from existing clients is dedicated relationships. We know that when we have a dedicated relationship with a client, that client is a more engaged client. They have higher Client Promoter Scores, greater satisfaction and as a result, higher retention, and they bring us more net new assets. In fact, they bring us 2.5x more net new assets than those that did not have a relationship. And we continue to invest in and expand the number of clients at Schwab that have that dedicated relationship fueling our future growth. And then third, in our RIA business, as the RIAs who custody with us have success in growing their businesses and as their existing clients bring them assets, that's fuel for our organic growth. So you can see from this that we feel like we're in a really good position if we see through clients' eyes to sustain our level of organic growth from existing clients. In terms of new clients, our recipe is what it's always been. It's about our brand, putting clients first. It's about being a trusted financial services provider as we have been for the past 50 years. It's about our diversified acquisition model. It's about our sales teams, our marketing efforts, referrals, being able to walk into a branch. It all attracts clients to Schwab. It's our workplace pipeline, a business that's an increasingly strategic for us and one that should bring new clients to Schwab. And then finally, it's our commitment to the RIA industry. As more advisors choose to go independent, as the leading provider of custodial services, that will fuel our growth. So we think, as we look forward, we're a much bigger company. This shows -- this to us is evidence that the virtuous cycle will continue to drive that 5% to 7% of organic growth that we've seen historically far into the future even as a much larger company. I want to now pivot to talk about our strategic focus areas and the acceleration they can provide both to organic growth and to our revenue. We've talked a lot about the benefits of the Ameritrade acquisition. It's clear, it's the expense synergies, we've been clear about. The enhancements to our clients, we've been clear about. Our clients are really going to benefit from bringing the best of Ameritrade and Schwab to them, both in the advisor, channel and in our retail business. One of the things I'm particularly excited about is the runway of growth that Ameritrade will provide to us. At Schwab, we have a little more than 50% share of our clients' assets here with us at Schwab. That's 1.5x the share of wallet at Ameritrade. Many of my Ameritrade colleagues will say to me, we're #1 at being #2. And what Ameritrade meant by that was that their clients tended to have a primary financial relationship. And then they would have some of their trading assets with Ameritrade, but they always had that primary relationship. As we introduce clients to our relationship model, our broader set of capabilities, our advice, our financial planning, we believe we can move into that primary financial relationship position and grow our share of wallet with Ameritrade clients. And if we can do that, that's a more than $0.5 trillion of net new asset opportunity for us. And importantly, it's clients that stay in the Schwab family and benefit from all that we have to offer. So it's a real win for clients and it's a win for us. I want to now talk about wealth. I'd like to [say] market for advice. And you can see that on the left-hand side of this page, more investors are willing to pay for advice. We have a really strong wealth platform today. Neesha's going to describe it in a lot more detail later. She'll also describe the enhancements we're making to take what's a strong platform and make it even better for clients. We see room to grow here. 19% of retail assets at Schwab are in an advice solution. As Walt talked about earlier, those consistently -- those clients consistently have our highest Client Promoter Scores and are among our most satisfied clients. They're also ones that were helping along their financial journey and making a real difference in their financial life, fulfilling our mission as a company. You'll also notice on this page that only 7% of Ameritrade assets are an advice solution. We see opportunity to grow both of these numbers, and we also see an opportunity to close that gap between the 19% and the 7% as we introduce the breadth of advice capabilities that we have at Schwab to our Ameritrade clients. For each 1% we can move the needle, first of all, it's more clients that we're helping and making a real difference in their financial life, most importantly. And in addition to that, it's $125 million to $200 million of annual revenue. I want to now talk about direct indexing. Direct indexing is a capability that we think over time will take share from both mutual funds and ETFs. It's a capability that we think to be a market leader is going to take 3 success criteria. We think it will take being a leading indexer. It will take strong digital capabilities because in order to personalize the portfolio, it's going to have to be done in part digitally. And we think it's going to take relationships. And we think it's going to take relationships because many clients aren't aware of the benefits of personalized indexing today. So that one-to-one discussion about how it may benefit an individual client is going to be really important. As we think about those three characteristics, indexing capabilities, digital capabilities and relationships, we believe there is no firm better positioned than Schwab to be a market leader. And as we're a market leader, there's a number of benefits that will accrue to our clients. Over the long run, they should be able to achieve better after-tax returns. And they should be able to personalize their portfolio in a way that meets their needs and allows them to commit to their portfolios for the long term, helping drive better financial outcomes. It's also a space where we can bring our no trade-offs approach and our value orientation to clients and helping make a real difference in their lives. I want to now talk about lending. Lending is an area we've been focused on doing more. And it started with our preferred rate program that we've introduced in the past few years, something that's been very well received by clients as those clients that keep assets with us have been able to access industry-leading interest rates. We've also invested in the past couple of years in making the experience of taking a loan or a poll at Schwab easier to accomplish. This is an area where we think we have more room to grow. Clients come to us for the asset side of their balance sheet. But today, only 0.6% of client assets are in a lending solution. So far fewer are coming to us for the liability side of their balance sheet. And that presents us with an opportunity, an opportunity to do more for the client, to integrate their financial life, to give them a more holistic view of their financial life so that we can help them along the way to their financial dreams. And if we do that, if we can deliver in that way for clients, you'll see for us, we've had 0.6% of total assets in lending solutions. When we look at our peers, that number is about 3.5%. If we can close that gap and do more for clients, that's a $1.5 billion to $2 billion of annualized incremental revenue that we could accrue at Schwab. But again, it's also, we think, happier clients because we know the clients that do have both a lending and investing relationship with us are happier clients and also have higher retention, stay with us longer. I want to now talk about our third strategic focus area, client segmentation, and I want to focus on two segments in particular. First, I want to focus on traders. And you can see from the metrics on the page that the trading segment is a very valuable segment to us, which is why we continue to invest to make sure that the strength of our combined trading platform and the thinkorswim platform that we're bringing on from Ameritrade continue to shine. So we're investing in thinkorswim. We offer differentiated service for our trading clients, and we have an outstanding trading education group, which provides education to traders of all skill levels, helping them to be as successful as possible. On the right-hand side of the page, you'll see our efforts with higher-net-worth clients, an area where we are competitively strong as you can see with our 2x TOA ratio with wirehouses, which is where we tend to compete for these clients. This is an area we've invested in over the past few years, and we'll continue to invest. We've invested in differentiated service experiences, differentiated product to meet the unique needs of higher-net-worth clients and differentiated wealth advice to help clients in that wealth bracket to meet some of the challenges that they may face, all with the goal of making them better off in their financial life. So I'm going to wrap up with where I started. The question I'm most commonly asked by analysts is, can we sustain the level of organic growth that we've driven historically and that Walt shared with you earlier? And the answer from us is a resounding yes. Yes, we can. It starts with the virtuous cycle, driving 3% to 5% of new organic growth from our existing clients and 2% to 3% from new clients. And we can accelerate that via organic growth through the opportunity with Ameritrade that I described earlier and a $2 billion to $4 billion-plus revenue opportunity through both wealth and lending. And it all starts with seeing through clients' eyes. When we see it through clients' eyes and do right by them, that leads to enhanced growth and sustains what you've seen from us historically. And with that, Walt and I are looking forward to taking your questions.
Q - Brennan Hawken : Brennan Hawken from UBS. Rick, I'd love to start where you just finished, actually. So you laid out several growth opportunities, and you quantified two of them. What sort of time frame do you think you would expect for both the advice -- bridging the gap on the advice side and on the lending opportunity? And then more broadly, what do you -- where do you think is going to be the biggest impact to drive the growth in the next few years?
Richard Wurster : I would say, first, it's going to take time. This isn't going to happen overnight. We already have a very strong wealth business that is growing. You'll hear from Neesha later the investments that we're making for the long term. So we see it as a long-term opportunity there. On the lending side, we've done a lot to enhance our capabilities in the past few years. As the lending -- it's going to take those capabilities, which we think are ready for growth, but also probably a different lending environment. And when the confluence of those two things happen, I think you'll see an acceleration in our client lending activity.
Michael Cyprys : Mike Cyprys, Morgan Stanley. Just a question on scale. You guys have mentioned in the past that scale is going to play a major role and determining the industry's winner. So I guess a two-part question here is, do you feel you have sufficient scale at this point? And if you look across your businesses, where would you say you have sufficient scale versus where might you have more work to do? And how do you ensure you continue to have sufficient scale in 5 years' time? And then the second part is, how do you think about the role of technology and software to potentially reduce or replicate the benefits of scale over time?
Walter Bettinger : Yes. So certainly, I think in the retail side and the advisor side, we have a very, very powerful scale. We would probably be 1 or 2 on the retail side if you incorporate non-public companies. And of course, 1, if you look at public and from a purpose-built platform for RIA custodian, I think we would likely be considered a very strong #1. We have more opportunity in the workplace environment where we have a very strong approach in 401(k) with both a bundled and an unbundled approach and then in the equity comp side, but there's probably more opportunity there to expand scale. Those are often more corporate- or company-driven decisions as opposed to the investor side and the advisor side. I think technology is definitely going to play a role. But to me, if what you're really getting at, Michael, is the idea that someone could leverage technology to make a leap above others in scale, I don't envision that because we're all investing in technology to drive all of our costs down. So as we would evaluate our scale position, technology is going to help those who are less subscale to us, but it's also going to help us and is helping us. And so the relative efficiency of businesses is likely, I think, to continue to be there as we all make meaningful technology and digital investments. The other thing that I think is important in that is that our business model, although it has a significant part that relies on relationship, also has a very significant part that is less relationship-oriented. And so if we're competing against firms that have the majority of their revenue driven off interpersonal relationships, there's only so much scale that can be driven from that because of the compensation for those individuals. Good question. Good long-term perspective thinking. Thanks, Michael.
Richard Repetto : Rich Repetto, Piper Sandler. First, congratulations, Walt, on the co-Chairman since we last saw you, a great honor. And it's great to meet you and hear from you. So I guess when we last got together, we didn't have -- zero commissions were just coming in. We got app Robin Hood, we get -- now we got much higher interest rates. A lot of different moving pieces. And you get the Ameritrade integration come up. So I guess my question is, am I just -- is it just me, but it just seems like there's more variables and factors, whether we go into recession, but you've dealt with a market that has pulled back. Do we have more variables when we look at the retail investor over the next year to two years, especially when you're dealing with the biggest integration that the industry has gone through? And one of the guiding factors that's sort of [indiscernible] as you go through. And I suspect I know that you answered a little bit to that.
Walter Bettinger : Yes. I mean I think in the short run, you have more variables because we've had such a tremendous swing in interest rates, right, from a ZIRP world to the most rapid increases in rates that we've ever experienced. We went from an incredibly strong equity market in 2021 to 2022. But that's all short term. I think when we flip it around and look at the long-term perspective, I really don't think things have changed that much. Investors still need to plan for their future. They're still saving for retirement. They're still saving to put children through college, providing for other family members. All those factors remain the same. And I think what is important over the three years since we've been together in person is, the strength of our franchise has only grown as we've made investments, as we've leveraged our capabilities, as we are bringing together Schwab and Ameritrade, our offering to clients and prospective clients has never been stronger. So sure, short term, from a financial standpoint, there's more volatility. But from a long-term standpoint, clients are going to returning to Schwab for their needs, I think we're better positioned than ever to deal with them. And I think even long term, financially, we're in a better position, again, illustrated in 2021 and 2022. So 2021, the trading aspect of Ameritrade really helped lift our revenue and helped us, in a ZIRP world, deliver record results. And then it turned in 2022 where trading was a bit softer than in 2021, but as rates start to move up, the Schwab part of the economic model really kicked in and helped us deliver record results. So again, I agree, Rich, short term, we see volatility. Long term, we really like our positioning. And we think the combined Schwab-Ameritrade also delivers a lot of benefits financially for our stockholders.
Unidentified Analyst: Clearly, attractive TAMs, lots of growth runway. I think one of the questions that comes to mind is how you're going to tackle some of the hurdles if we think about direct indexing, for example, delivering that -- those tax efficiencies at a lower asset threshold? Ameritrade clients more active on the trader side may not be as receptive to a wealth product. And lastly, as the Schwab, you think of self-direct RIA maybe not as lending platform. So I was hoping you could address some of the hurdles to delivering on some of those growth plans.
Richard Wurster : Sure. Do you mind -- just go through the 3 again because I want to make sure I hit all 3.
Unidentified Analyst: Direct indexing, advice, lending.
Walter Bettinger : So let me start with direct indexing. I think on direct indexing, the big opportunity in the near term is with higher-balance clients. And the reason that, that's where the opportunity is, is because the tax impact at direct indexing has the biggest impact on those clients. And so we came out at $100,000 minimum, which the big direct indexes were at a $250,000 minimum. So we think that was a disruptive move and brings a lot more clients into the fold who can benefit from the tax benefits. I think that as we move forward, as this space evolves, I do think the minimums will come down. And I think the primary reason for that will be the desire for personalization because I think what you'll find is the lower-balance client -- the idea that you want personalization will appeal to any wealth level. Now there's some people at wealthier levels that may have concentrated positions. And you can do some really interesting things for wealthy clients in building a more personalized index portfolio because if you have a lot of exposure to Schwab stock, you could build an index that not only takes out Schwab but is built from a factor standpoint to be almost the opposite of Schwab so that you can, with your Schwab stock, get back to the index level performance and think about it holistically. So there's a lot you can do for wealthy clients, but also for less wealthy clients. So I do think the minimums will come down over time, and we've been building our capabilities to be able to do that in terms of our fractional share capabilities. Just more work to be done, but I think the industry will move in that direction over time. I just don't think it's important to do so today. We're at a phase where we're still educating that first wave of movers and those are going to be our higher-net-worth clients, and that's where we want to keep our focus. On the advice side and the Ameritrade, I'd say a couple of things. I mean, I think it goes back to the -- what I mentioned earlier that Ameritrade colleagues will tell me they were #1, being #2. So most of their clients that came to Ameritrade for trading actually had full-service wealth advice relationships. They just weren't with Ameritrade. So it's clear to us that there is interest among the client base. And I would just say, 10 or 15 years ago, people used to say similar things about Schwab. You probably won't be able to grow advice. People come to you for transactional reasons. And of course, it's grown markedly over the last 10 to 15 years. And I think our Ameritrade clients are in a similar position. So we are confident. And we've already seen the benefits. I mean, I think 46% of our Ameritrade financial consultants have already opened an account in Schwab Wealth Advisory, which is a pretty remarkable number given they're not even fully Schwab -- embedded in Schwab yet. And they've had some higher hurdles to overcome to introduce that to their clients in a Schwab financial consultant. So that's a pretty remarkable number. So we see a lot of promise there. And then on the lending side, I can't remember the challenge you mentioned, but do you mind reiterating the challenge you saw on the lending side?
Unidentified Analyst: I think it's more that Schwab clients don't necessarily view you guys as a lender. In terms of like top of mind, what are the products that you offer? Certainly lending is not where it -- at least, what first comes to mind.
Richard Wurster : Yes. Well, that's the opportunity for us, and we've introduced the ability for our relationship people. So Schwab Wealth Advisory for the first time is now able to talk to clients about their -- the lending side of their balance sheet. And it's a focus of the branch network, which Jonathan will talk about. So there's -- we have every reason to believe that we can engage more with clients on the lending side. It hasn't been an area of huge focus in the past for a whole lot of good reasons, but there is an opportunity there in the future. And the reaction to what we've done so far has been quite strong. And when you see client engagement with our lower -- with our interest rate program, which has really lowered the cost of lending for our clients to keep balances with us -- it's been very positive thing with clients. And you see it in our Client Promoter Scores that have both the asset and liability side with us, you see it in the retention numbers. It's stickier relationships.
Walter Bettinger : One real quick thing on the lending side, I completely agree with what Rick said. I want to go back to being a low-cost provider. So in virtually every type of market environment may be other than one where you have ultra-high interest rates, our cost of deposits is less than almost everyone. And so when you combine a most efficient operating model with the lowest cost of deposits, puts us in a position to be able to offer very disruptive lending rates to our clients in what is, for many ways, a commodity-oriented product, borrowing. And so we're in a position, I think, over time to be quite disruptive with the lending rates we can offer clients and yet still generate for us incremental revenue on a spread to securities basis. So we have a pricing opportunity there that I think you'll see us taking advantage of given our low cost of deposits and our low operating model.
Benjamin Budish : Ben Budish from Barclays. I wanted to follow up on what you were sort of talking about -- with Ameritrade and earlier in the presentation, you mentioned an opportunity to kind of gain wallet share. I was wondering if you could drill down in that a little bit more. Are there certain -- you mentioned a lot of Ameritrade clients might use Ameritrade for trading but have a separate wealth management or advisory relationship. Is it simply a matter of sort of getting the advisory piece as well or are there other types of assets that you could bring over, things like 401(k)s or IRAs, just other kind of products said you could kind of point and click, move over? If you could just kind of drill down on that a little bit.
Walter Bettinger : Do want to take that or do you want me to...
Richard Wurster : No. Go ahead, please.
Walter Bettinger : Well, I would say our plan for doing that starts with building a relationship with them. And our -- the work we've done with our financial consultants and what we've brought to our clients in terms of advice, I think, is going to be the model for what we do with our Ameritrade clients. The Ameritrade relationship model has been a bit more service-oriented and a bit more trading-oriented because that's what clients came to Ameritrade for, and that's what made sense. And the journey we've been over the last 10 to 15 years, again, 15 years ago, there might have been some of that in the branches as well at Schwab. And we've turned the relationship much more into a wealth management relationship, where we're helping the client with all aspects of their financial life. And so as we do that and as we follow that playbook with our Ameritrade clients, we think will unearth all kinds of opportunities. There are full-service wealth business that may be elsewhere, they're 401(k) that may be elsewhere. But it starts from, to the client, how can we help you achieve your financial dreams? Let's look at your picture today, let's look at where you need to get to, and let's talk about the breadth of capabilities that we now have collectively at Schwab and Ameritrade that can help you get there.
Christian Bolu : Christian Bolu, Autonomous. So just on the competitive landscape, your growth -- organic growth of 5% to 7% has -- over the last decade has definitely been impressive at your scale. But over that same period, a lot of competitors, wirehouses, independent brokers, have grown faster, actually doubled the organic growth. Just curious how you actually think about competitive landscape relative to peers. Is Schwab losing market share on a relative basis? Is some of your historic competitive advantages, are they beginning to diminish? Just curious to think about it relative to those peers that have grown much faster of accelerated growth through the last decade.
Walter Bettinger : So I would take exception to the concept that someone else is growing faster. Are you measuring percent? Are you measuring real dollars? I just -- I don't look at anyone who's generating the type of growth that we're generating in real dollars in the -- in our industry. So I'm not quite sure I buy into that notion. I guess if somebody has a $1 and they add $1, it looks like 100% growth. If someone has $1,000 and they add $250, it's only 25%, but I'd sure rather be the second person. So I'm not sure I buy into that. And when I look at the TOA ratios, it's just -- again, the theory behind that doesn't hold any water because we know where we are on a TOA basis against all the firms that we compete with. And those numbers range from probably a worst-case scenario of around 1. So it's just a swapping. The best-case scenario is that can be measured into double digits. And some of the firms that talk about growth rates, particularly measured in percent, are some of the firms that we're taking assets at a double-digit to 1 type TOA ratio. So we -- when it comes to competition, I just want to emphasize, we respect everyone. We are paranoid, and we spend a lot of time studying competition and their moves and their opportunities and advantages they might have in their model relative advantages we might have. But when it comes to organic growth, we don't think anyone within our two primary areas, retail investor and RIA, is growing at rates comparable to us. That's just our take on it, Christian.
Unidentified Analyst: Could you talk about the role of alternatives in clients' portfolios and what you guys are doing on that front?
Richard Wurster : I'm going to take that. Yes, so alternatives is an area that we have capabilities in today, and clients are utilizing those capabilities, particularly on the advisory advisor side, and Bernie can talk about that more later. On the retail side, it's an area where we are seeing increased interest, and it's an area where we're building out our capabilities as we've talked about in the past. And that will take some time. And the reason it will take some time is that it's a legally complex area to be able to offer alternatives to clients in a way that's safe and sound for them and brings our fiduciary responsibility to bear on the client. So I would say, we're in the middle of building out our alternatives capability. And in the next couple of years, retail clients can expect to have that capability. And I would put it as part of our -- what we're trying to deliver to higher net worth -- ultra-high-net-worth clients that we have been building out our product-specific capabilities for them. We've done it on the liquidity side. We've done it on the lending side, and we're going to do it on the alternative side. But it will take some time because it is a complex area. We want to make sure we do it right in a way that works for the clients.
Jeff Edwards : Last question here from the web. In terms of -- as you think about growth, how do things like additional inorganic or M&A and/or international play into the future of the firm over time? And this is a question from Bill Katz at Credit Suisse.
Walter Bettinger : Sure. Thanks, Bill, for asking the question out there in cyber land. But -- so we look at a lot of opportunities. As you can imagine, we receive a lot of inquiries with interest in -- from firms that are looking to sell or divest parts of their business. We look at everything. We look at it all carefully and closely. Our view there hasn't changed from my response to that question in years past. It's got to make sense for clients. That's the first step, the first hurdle that it has to address. Is this going to put us in a better position to serve client? If it does, then we'll go into the next steps and look at whether it makes economic sense for our stockholders, what the ROI is, what the risk is associated with doing that transaction, risk to our brand but also risk to our ability to deliver the results. Because when we undertake an acquisition, we're very committed to recognizing that it is your money or your clients' money that we're putting into that deal. So that we just have a very thorough evaluation on any kind of acquisition. International is a meaningful opportunity for us. I think Jonathan will be in a good position to share some of our thoughts there. Our dollar-based international business is growing quite rapidly. And so there is some meaningful opportunity there. To date, we have not been aggressive around multicurrency. But the dollar-only part of that business has significant opportunity that Jonathan can share in his segment.
Walter Bettinger : I think we're at the end of our Q&A time. So again, I just want to thank all of you for being here today in person, thank all of you who are participating remotely. It is wonderful to be together. I can't wait to do it again. I'm very confident it won't be three years. And Rick, thank you for giving me the chance to share the stage with Q&A. I'll step off, and I think you'll introduce Joe.
Richard Wurster : Yes. Joe, well, come up. Joe is going to talk about the Ameritrade integration and scale. So it should be good discussion and timely.
Joseph Martinetto : Thanks, Rick. Good morning, everybody. So I was flipping through my e-mails this morning, and I saw one with the intriguing title of hot topics in accounting this week. And I've grown inwardly and I pushed the delete button. And I reflected for a minute that this presentation may sound a little bit like that e-mail to many of you, Joe is going to go talk about technology infrastructure. So I really want to reframe it a little bit. My two objectives today, one is to maybe get you a little bit excited about the opportunities in front of us to continue to drive scale and efficiency into the business for the long run while continuing to deliver great client experiences. So I think that's maybe a little bit more exciting. The second part is to give you an update on where we stand on the integration. And so if you still feel a need to grow and I'd ask please wait until after the prepared remarks, and then we'll take people's temperature then. So let's jump in on where we are on the integration. So we are into year 3 of work on integrating the firms at this point. And we've been doing a substantial body of work in the background to prepare for the client conversion, which is upcoming. We have done tremendous amount of work scaling the infrastructure on the Schwab Blue platform to allow us to bring over all of the accounts and positions and clients onto that platform. We've also been doing a bunch of testing of all the work that we've done. Walt made reference to the quality of the outcome that we're starting to get out of the testing at this point. We've got very high success rates, which gives us a lot of confidence that when we actually start to migrate the clients that we're going to be able to do this as effectively as possible. We have been doing work on the client side on a couple of different dimensions. So a piece of it is we've been bringing over different products and services onto the Schwab platform. So those of you that are Schwab clients may have noticed changes in the trading platform over the course of the last several months as we've been bringing on some of the best-of-breed capabilities that were on that Ameritrade platform that weren't on the Schwab platform. So when we do bring the clients over, they're going to get an experience that's pretty similar to what they had prior to the conversion. We've also been doing work to ensure that when the clients come over that they have a great experience in the process of that transition, and we'll spend a little bit more time talking about what that's going to look like on subsequent slides. But the goal here is to try to make it as easy as possible for those clients to get themselves set up on the Schwab platform so that we can, to the extent possible, pull some of those questions forward before conversion and get them addressed before the clients come over, so that when they actually are converted that they don't then find themselves in sort of a cold experience, forced to call in, and experience probably some challenging service experiences as we see a spike in activity on some of those most critical conversion dates. Rick made reference to the fact that we've been doing some work to start to make some of the products and services available to the client set. I think we're incredibly excited about the opportunity in front of us to continue to do more of that. Frankly, some of what we've done has been basically meeting demand, but we've done it in a way that probably is far more manual than what we're going to be able to deliver once we get the clients on to the Schwab Blue platform. And the last thing, Walt made reference to the fact that despite all of our best efforts, we know that there are going to be some glitches that are going to happen in the process of moving the clients over. So we've invested significantly in building out enhanced client experience or enhanced service experiences and training our people to be able to meet the needs of those clients as they do come over and also bringing on some third-party services to help us make sure that we've got some ramped up capabilities that we'll be able to meet some of the most basic client service requests and doing it in a way that's cost efficient for the long run so that these are essentially kind of meeting spike needs in terms of call volumes but not embedding them into the long-term cost structure of the company. So we are on the verge of actually starting to move clients over. The first tranche is scheduled to come over on President's Day weekend in February, a couple of weeks from now. So what we have done here is broken the clients up into 5 different transition groups. So if I use the phrase like TG 1, TG 2, excuse me, it's just kind of embedded in the way I'm thinking about it at this point. We have, in total, somewhere between 18 million and 20 million accounts that we're going to be moving over, over the course of this entire integration. And the number moves around a little bit because clients are still opening new accounts. We're still doing work to clean up accounts on the platform. So -- but still between 18 million, 20 million, give you a sense of the scale of what we are achieving here. We have a relatively small group that we're moving in February. It's about 0.5 million accounts. It's intended to be more of a test group. So it's a relatively smaller group of people who are maybe not quite the most active users of the platforms, but it's an opportunity for us to move the assets, bring them onto the platform, test the service experience, make sure all the technology is working the way we expect before we engage in some of the larger transition groups later in the year. We have a big group scheduled for the Memorial Day weekend, which is predominantly the non-advised retail client group. We've got another group scheduled for Labor Day, which is the advised client group plus the advisors. And then we have another tranche scheduled for November, which is the bulk of the traders coming over the tossed users. We have one more group of traders, those most active people that use things like futures and ForEx, that we have moved into a small tranche in the first half of 2024, and that will be the last group of clients that we'll move. We've -- I guess, it's been a while since we actually spoke in person. The war in Ukraine impacted some of the resources that we're working on some of the conversion as a result of having brought some of that. And with the TD Ameritrade acquisition, that group is no longer available to us. And as a result, we've had to do some quick shuffling to identify resources and replan some of the transition. But we're still on track to have the vast majority of clients moved over by the end of this year with a small group into next year. Because of the way we've scheduled it in that small group, we don't believe that it's going to have an impact on our ability to recognize synergies from a timing or a total dollar perspective, and I'll summarize that here in the next page as well. But we do believe that we're ready. We have done everything necessary to -- on the testing side to make sure that we are as prepared as possible. We have started client notifications and have now sent out over 10 million communications with a lot more to come this year. As people move into their time schedule, as we get closer to their transition group, they'll get a series of communications that will prepare them for what's coming and what it is we need them to do. We have built out capabilities like a Welcome Center to let people come in and get a sense of what's available on the Schwab platform. We've also built a client conversion hub. So the purpose of the client conversion hub is to get the clients to engage with Schwab and come in and set up their credentials in advance of that transition. So we get them to come in, establish their user name and their passwords. So that's all set up before they actually get to the conversion window so that we don't have a bunch of people calling in on day one saying, how do I access my account. The upside for them for doing that is they will get what we call a future view. So they will get a chance to then look at the entirety of their household as we have mapped it inside of Schwab. The TD Ameritrade platform was a very account-based platform. So it was one log-in per account. At Schwab, we're more of a household base. So we will pull all of your accounts together into a household view. Once the clients establish that credential, they get a chance to come in, see what that household view looks like. And to the extent that they have other accounts that they want to identify and get linked to their household, they'll have an opportunity to do that as well prior to conversion. So we've done a lot of good work to try to take as much friction out of this as soon as possible to ease that transition process for the clients. On the dollar side, we're still on track to achieve the expense synergies that we have communicated, and we have gotten about 2/3 of those costs out of the system already. We have plans in place to be able to recognize the remainder of those by basically end of 2024. The savings that we'll see this year will probably be relatively modest. There's a small amount, I guess, a full year impact of some savings that we got last year. There's some smaller impacts as we bring the clients over on to the Schwab platforms. There are some places where we're more efficient on the operating side. So we'll start to see that as we migrate clients over the course of this year. But the bulk of the remaining savings are really going to come from decommissioning the duplicated platforms, and that can't happen until we get all the clients over, and there's a body of work to happen in 2024 to achieve that. But that's all programmed into our plans now for the remainder of this year and into next year. On the revenue side, we feel equally as good about the long-term projections. I'd say from a macro perspective, we have actually benefited from account acquisition and asset acquisition that's been better than anything that we had in the original business case for the transaction. Here in the near term, we may have been feeling a little bit more pressure around interest rates and what it's doing to some of the balances is the biggest driver of the revenue synergies over the long run is tied to the BDA transition. But when we look at it over a long period of time, and we have a number of years to run still on that BDA, we still feel good about where we are in terms of being able to recognize the totality of the revenue synergies that we talked about. And I would highlight that while we have started to do some basic work around things like offering banking products and services and we've done a few other things to make things like managed investing available, but it's still a pretty clunky process. Even with that clunky process, we've had really good feedback from the clients. I think Rick dimensionalized some of the opportunities that we think might be out there for us. Some of those numbers were not included in these revenue synergy numbers. So if anything, I would say that we probably have some upside out there related to some of those opportunities that we haven't put into the synergies. Switching over to some of the -- rest of the technology stack. We haven't been sitting on our hands while we've been working on integration. We have been continuing to do a lot of work in the background on some of the things that we have talked about over a number of years. We have had to restructure some of this work as a result of doing the integration. And while -- you can see that there's really 3 or 4 things here that we've talked about historically as being sort of independent programs. This has almost become a singular body of work that was necessary to accomplish to be able to affect the transition of all the clients and to build the scale that was necessary to deliver that. You can see on application modernization, which is really the move to pull a lot of the capabilities off of that old monolithic mainframe system and put it on to a distributed environment where we could scale it more efficiently. We're about 3/4 of the way through that body of work with the remainder of it expected to deliver over the course of the first half of this year. So that program is wrapping up basically on time and pretty close to on spend levels in terms of what we expected. We continue to see real benefits there in terms of some of the choices we've made. Really what we've done with the new environment that we've built is created a set of technology that's capable of being cloud-hosted. And we've, in essence, put it on a private cloud inside of our own data centers. So I'd say we have been a little bit interrupted in terms of some of our thinking around cloud migration. Because of the integration, we've been more focused on making sure that the platform is scaled and ready to accept the additional volumes. But there's still an opportunity out there to continue to migrate additional capabilities to the cloud. Even with that, we've identified a number of workloads that we have already been in process of moving, and I'd say they really fall into two main categories. So one of them is things like account log-in where you get big spikes in activity at points in time over the day, where it's pretty inefficient for us to build enough technology to deal with that volume that comes in over 3 minutes at market open, and you got to carry that capacity for the remainder of the day. Those kinds of workloads scale really efficiently in the cloud. And so we're prioritizing work like that as we think about some of our first moves to the cloud. I'd say the other part is things where capabilities are developing in the cloud that are becoming increasingly difficult to acquire and run on-premise. A lot of the analytical tools and the data tools that are now available at a lot of the cloud providers are really just superior to what we're able to build and deliver in our own platform. So a lot of the work we've been doing is establishing our client information and other databases out on the cloud and data warehouses to allow us to take advantage of those kinds of analytical capabilities going forward. So work has continued to progress on the things that are maybe most important in terms of cloud impact, but there's a lot of work left that we're going to be able to continue to think about. Scale and resiliency. So that movement to a private cloud structure has allowed us to build out a much more -- it looks a lot like the way modern cloud is hosted internally. So we've gone to this own region approach. So we've got multiple regions where we're running multiple zones inside of each region. That has given us not only the capability to scale effectively, but it also has given us the capability to manage the way we adapt when we see system challenges. So one of the things that's mentioned up here is legacy retirement. One of the things that we have done for years when we have system problems, we used the code base called [host fallback] which was a completely separate mainframe-based application, which had a really limited set of capabilities on it. So when we had to go into host fallback, we were limiting what our clients could do. They could trade and see balances with things like money movement, and a lot of the more advanced asset management capabilities we've built over the years really weren't enabled in host fallback. And so today, with what we've built in terms of the way the infrastructure runs, we're going to fall over from a zone within a region and then across the regions a lot more elegantly than what we used to have to implement with host fallback. And as a result of that, the clients should notice a lot less when we have system problems and have basically access to all the capabilities when we're going through that transition process. So it allows us to retire that block of host fallback code, as an example of some of the kinds of things that are happening in the background as we continue to make progress on modernizing some of the core infrastructure. So as we look forward, we are not done with some of the opportunities. You might be surprised to see that the #1 opportunity we highlighted here is Ameritrade integration. But when you think about what we've done with integration so far, we really gave ourselves a set of constraints that were driven by how much we were going to spend to get the integration done, the time frame that we needed to execute that conversion in. Now, obviously as were in the timeframe we're willing to get it done. And so as a result, we had to opt on the amount of synergies we were looking to achieve. When you put all those things together, we made decisions that we thought were smart decisions as we were working our way through the integration approach. But that optimization frame meant that there was a series of things that we didn't tackle that give us future opportunities to continue to drive more efficiency as we look to some of the things that are still sitting out there. Public cloud migration, number two. There's still tremendous opportunity for us to look to move more workloads into the cloud. We're running a much larger and more complicated on-premise data center structure than we would like to run for the long run. The cloud really becomes the solution for how we get some of that workload off of the on-premise structures and lets us start to rationalize some of that over time. Efficiency and automation and the operations component. So some of that is very similar to the comments I made on Ameritrade integration. We made choices as we were thinking about how we were bringing these workloads together to try to make sure that we were going to achieve the synergy targets that we had committed to. But now with the volumes that we're at as we start to bring this work together, there's a lot of workloads that we can go through and continue to bring additional automation to. It's just a matter of now taking the resources that have been working on integration and starting to migrate them toward working on that further automation. And then finally, broker-dealer modernization. So those of you that have followed along for enough years might remember that broker-dealer modernization was actually a component originally of what we were trying to do with application modernization. And we pulled it out of that body of work as we migrated more towards some of the integration efforts. So the core here is to take that old core mainframe application books and record system of the broker-dealer and migrate it to a modern -- a more modern platform solution, probably a SaaS-based solution, as we look out into the marketplace and see what's available today. That not only drives additional expense benefits, but it also gives us an opportunity to take advantage of some capabilities that we don't have inside of the Schwab platform today. So things like multicurrency capabilities or multi-firm capabilities that we just don't have, given us an opportunity to think about where we might go with products and services in a way that it's not a to us on the platform that we have today. So it's a cost save, but it's also an opportunity for us to continue to build additional products and services to deliver to our clients. So there's a great body of work here that we're starting to try to figure out exactly how we're going to tackle it and sequence it, but we see a number of years of continued efficiency here that we're going to be able to deliver long beyond just the core integration work. So with that, I see hands coming up. We're opening the Q&A. Let's go ahead and get started.
Steven Chubak : Steve Chubak from Wolfe Research. It's a great presentation, Joe. You noted that you've been very acquisitive that certainly impacted the timing of the cloud migration. I know a few years ago, you talked about as you execute on that plan, modernizing technology, migrating fully to a public cloud that you'd be able to bend the cost curve, maybe slow the rate of expense growth somewhere in the range of 2% to 4%. Is that still the long-term ambition as you execute on this plan?
Joseph Martinetto : Sure. So I think we got to be a little careful here. So cloud doesn't come for free. There is investment that has to be made to be able to do the migration to the cloud. And we are not talking about moving everything that we do in terms of technology workloads on to the cloud. So that is not the goal. We are looking to take the things that make the most sense to run on the cloud and move them there. But we expect that we're going to be running on-site data centers for the foreseeable future. There's a certain amount of workload that's going to make sense for us to continue to manage on our own. So it's definitely an opportunity to use to continue to bend that cost curve. I think some of the bigger savings will actually come more on the physical side of data centers and data center infrastructure. Because of what we've done with the integration, we're running quite a number of data centers now, including some are owned and some are leased. But we've had to take on additional space just to be able to house all the hardware, get enough power and enough cooling to run everything that we see coming out of post-integration. And so rationalizing some of that workload will allow us to rationalize some of that footprint and continue to bend that cost curve. What I think probably important to think about is, like I talked about some of the integration work as being a single body of work. I think some of this optimization work is also going to be taken in the same kind of frame. On any given system, it may feel like a step-function change. But for a company as big as ours and given everything we spend in technology, it's probably not going to feel like a step-function reduction, it's going to feel more like a portfolio of work that's going to allow us to continue to drive some incremental scale consistently over time. So I think bending the cost curve is probably the right way to think about it. It will allow us to slow that pace of growth as we absorb new volumes and continue to drive efficiency into the processing that we're doing. Peter is going to have more to say about what the long-term prospects are for expenses as we look out a number of years. And so I think it's all kind of baked into his numbers. And so I'll defer the more specific answer to his presentation, if that's okay.
Unidentified Analyst: Joe, you're sort of the special team's guy here now. But I guess the first question is on the attrition, so -- or potential attrition, maybe it's zero. But what do you feel -- like the scorecard here for the integration, what do you feel is sort of the bar? And how will it be measured? Like will we see the account numbers? Will that be real time and -- or monthly as well? So that's the first part of it. And then the second part, in past integrations, it was just moving accounts to a platform. Now this is more sophisticated. And from what I understand, you're trying to do a lot more as you move the wealthier clients, like the documentation of power attorneys and so forth. So I guess the question is, how do you accomplish -- you didn't really talk about that. So how complicated is the migrations? And when are those coming, where you really got to do more than just moving DLJ direct onto accounts or..
Joseph Martinetto : Yes. So starting with attrition. The business case embedded a pretty modest 2% kind of number. So we are not expecting a material amount of attrition. We're going to measure it as best we can through the process. The risk probably comes at the time of conversion that as those clients get those notifications, that is probably the point where if we're going to see attrition, it's probably going to be as we're moving those specific books of business. We're doing everything possible to make sure that we're communicating with those clients, following up with those clients, giving them a great experience, trying to make it easy. Right now, I would say we are way ahead of the game in terms of client acquisition versus any attrition numbers that we embedded in the model, but we are probably going into the window where if we're going to see attrition present. As they are business folks, maybe you want to ask them is if they get up on stage to talk about what they're doing and how they're seeing it. But for right now, I think we're feeling pretty good about the attrition number based on the feedback we've been getting. From the process side, I'd say this is maybe a little bit different of an acquisition than something, I'll drop here, a little more like the USAA, where -- that was we bought a book of business. It happened over a weekend. We couldn't do anything with those clients prior. We converted their accounts, their assets. We opened for business. We had them set up their credentials on day one. That was a rockier kind of experience because of the nature of that transaction and the limitations on our ability to work with those clients in advance. Here, we own both broker-dealers. So we can essentially subsume those accounts. We already have the clients. We have the client account agreements in place. We can transfer those across the organization without having to novate new paper, right? They're not going to be new account forms. There's not going to be new sign-ups. There's not going to be -- it's not paper-based, right? We essentially have taken care of all of that in the process of reviewing the account agreements already. We've been doing a number of things in the background to try to pull work forward to make this easier on us and easier on the clients. We have actually gone through a process now where we have created every TD Ameritrade account and formed all of the households. So we are now running all of that infrastructure on the Schwab Blue platform. So all of that is set up and ready to go. The accounts are ready to receive the assets over the course of the transition weekend. And the clients, as I said earlier, are going to get that notification window and the opportunity to start to interact with that process much earlier and, we hope, much more seamlessly. We do know that there would be some clients that won't do that in advance and will, therefore, need to either go through that process after conversion or will call us and say, "Gee, I tried to log on and I can't get on. What do I have to do?" And we'll have to help them get their credentials established. And we have, as we said, trained 11,000 Schwab employees. We have brought on a substantial block of third-party resources to help us deal with that. We have done everything that we can foresee. Again, I can't say it's going to be completely seamless, but it should be as well engineered as we can possibly make it. We have cleaned up over 3 million client records just trying to make sure that when people come across, their accounts won't be restricted because we'll have to put a know-your-client block on it because we don't have all the information. We've gone through, we've contacted the clients, we've got the information, we've cleaned that stuff up. We are down to really small numbers, measured in like thousands of accounts that we think right now we still might have some kind of lock on. But when you think about 18 million to 20 million accounts moving and maybe something less than 10,000 accounts to where we're still working to refine client data, and we still have the majority of the year to work on some of that. Like I said, we have done everything possible to try to make sure this goes as smoothly as it possibly can.
Unidentified Analyst: Firstly, thank you for this presentation. None of your peers gives us any sort of insight into their infrastructure strategy. So this is very helpful. On modernization, my question is around how you think about capitalizing on artificial intelligence. Given your tech stack is still a little bit on-prem, there's still some mainframe infrastructure, can you capitalize on AI? And to the extent you can, sort of what areas, whether it's client-facing or back end, can AI help?
Joseph Martinetto : Yes. So I mean you saw one of the primary cloud initiatives was to move our databases over onto cloud database. Some of that was to be able to take advantage of some of the advanced analytic capabilities that are available in those environments that are hard to stand up independently. So I think we've been doing the work to prepare ourselves to take advantage of those more advanced analytics. I'm a fan of AI, but I don't know that it's necessarily necessary. There's a lot of other advanced analytics that you can drive before you even get to AI that will let you be able to deliver superior client experiences. We've got some instances where we're already doing some of that work. We've got capabilities that we've built over the years like Next Best Conversation, so our service professionals based on the cues that they're seeing, get a series of prompts that are delivered to them to try to make sure that they're navigating through the right things that the clients might have an interest in. We have things like the Schwab intelligent assistance, an online chat bot that's being driven by a lot of those same kind of capabilities. So we've been building up some of those core capabilities. I think we'll be able to accelerate into some of that where we see the opportunity. Some of it may be AI, some of it may be more just kind of boring advanced analytics that we all kind of know how to deploy. But really, the primary unlock here is to get that database established in the cloud where we can start to use some of those more advanced analytics.
Unidentified Analyst: Quick one. As you're getting ready now to do this integration, have any potential dis-synergies emerged, whereas like maybe difference in margin rates or whatnot, when you move that conversion over? And how should we be thinking about that?
Joseph Martinetto : I'd say nothing beyond what we had already anticipated as part of the transaction. So we have been working to -- so margin rates were different. We have been working to kind of normalize the margin rates as we've gone through this process of rate increases. So that gap has decreased somewhat, but there's still a little bit that's going to have to get recognized as the clients move over because the Blue schedule is below the Green schedule. Some of that's intentional so that when clients come over, they will see that they get a price improvement. So we've done some of this to be able to deliver an enhanced experience to the client at the time that they've moved. But we've, in some respects, tried to minimize the impact that's going to flow through financially. Although some of that is still going to get recognized over the course of 2023 as we bring the clients in, it was anticipated, but this is the year it hits.
Joseph Martinetto : So I think we're out of time here. It's my job to let you know that we're going on a break. We've got 15 minutes. So let's take the break and come on back for the rest of the day. Thank you all. Good to see everybody. [Break]
Unidentified Company Representative: Let's pick up where we left off. Please welcome Jonathan Craig -- all right.
Jonathan Craig : Welcome back, everyone. So what I'd like to do over the next 20 minutes is give a quick update on the retail business and, in particular, share some of the 2022 retail accomplishments and then spend the bulk of the time on priorities for 2023 in retail. It's fair to say when you think about priorities for retail in 2023 and beyond, the most significant of which, of course, is to complete the biggest integration in our history and industry history. But at the same time, I want to talk about some other priorities because it is those priorities and those investments that will set us up for the next decade of growth coming out of this integration. Let me just level set with some numbers on that we take out and, of course, the acquisition of Ameritrade has become a business of significant size and scale. We are sitting at $3.2 trillion in retail client assets, almost 25 million brokerage accounts and this year, $176 billion in net new assets. And despite all that growth, we've stuck to a very focused business model. Every single employee in retail, which is to help individual investors and traders achieve great financial outcomes, either directly or through an intermediary. And we do that, of course, by bringing a broad set of capabilities to the table from advice and trading to asset management, financial planning, banking and more. And then we complement those broad capabilities with distinct sets of capabilities for the unique needs of key client segments -- in this business, in 2022, we delivered strong results. I mentioned $176 billion in net new assets, 1.2 million new retail house average trades. And of course, those in-year results are strong, but I think what's more demonstrative of the resilience of the franchise is some of the multiyear trends. Walt shared some earlier as to direct, but just another example, our 3-year compound annual growth rates are 28%, 7% and 55%, respectively, for those core net new assets. Beyond the results, we continue to receive strong industry recognition from folks like Investors Business Daily, J.D. Power, Investopedia and others. And as much as we covet that third-party recognition, what we most aspire 2 or 4 is recognition from clients because they experienced Schwab every day and really pleased to see in retail a Client Promoter Score 65 in 2022. Any market would be strong, but they were, I think, particularly strong in the environment in which they were delivered in an environment that you all know, but an environment where all asset classes, I think, other than cash and commodities were down where investor sentiment hit decade loans. In that environment, it was more important than ever that we be there for our clients. These are critical times to really demonstrate your client centricity when the markets behave like they did in 2022. Being there for your clients means lots of different things, but among other things, it means maybe most importantly, picking up the phone when they call -- across the retail for all clients. This includes our core clients. We picked up the phone with an average of 24 seconds. I think that's an impressive number, I think, industry-leading. And certainly, if you've interacted with other firms outside they agree that, that is demonstrative of being there for our clients in a difficult time. Being there for our clients also means having reliable web and app experiences, which we did throughout the year. It means delivering -- we did that through our thousands of financial consultants through hundreds of thousands of financial plans that were delivered. And then finally, being there for our clients meant delivering insights, ideas and perspectives, both in-the-moment as well as throughout the year. And we do that in multiple channels via the web, via apps, newsletters, client e-mail, of course, social media, podcasts and even our live TD Ameritrade Network. Now its one thing to produce content, whats more meaningful is whether clients engage with the content and we had record engagement across the board. So really pleased to see how the team stepped up to really be there for our clients. And I think, again, that was probably one of the stronger indications of why our client service level -- our client promotor scores were as high as they were. In addition to delivering strong results and being there, we also -- for our clients, we also made meaningful enhancements to our retail offer in 2022. We relaunched Schwab Wealth Advisory, which formerly was called Schwab Private Client. This is our marquee wealth management solution for retail clients. You're going to hear more about this from Nisha later. We continued our emphasis on personalized investing, I think Rick talked about by launching things like Schwab Personize indexing, Schwab thematic stocklist and we'll continue to do more in both of those areas. -- continue to invest in client service. We added 2,400 new service folks last year as well as invested in a service ecosystem, not the least of which we moved all of our voice telephony platform to more modern, nimble, cloud-based solution. to emphasize and invest in our digital experience we also enhanced our trading capabilities, launching an all-in-one trade ticket as well as making enhancements to thinker swim trading. And then finally, we continue to invest in our relationship models, critically important part of the Schwab retail value proposition. I'll talk more about this, but we assign tens of thousands of more clients to a dedicated relationship, and we continue to integrate, modernize and expand our physical branch network. Last thing I'll say about '22 as you can imagine, we spent a lot of time preparing for this big integration. This big event that's going to happen this year. I could point to a lot of things, but just a couple I'll highlight. Notably, we completed the dual registration of all of our green -- so when I say green, I mean Ameritrade, sorry, Blue Schwab, you didn't catch that. We completed the dual registration of [ALCO] -- and what that means is they're registered with the TDA broker-dealer, but also with the Schwab broker dealer, but as well as with Schwab Bank. And what that means is that they can talk to their clients about they can enroll those clients in those solutions if they make sense and they can get paid on their solutions. You can see on the lower left, that's been already a significant unlock of value. And of course, we're very -- we're just at the beginning. Once they are fully immersed in the Schwab model, I expect a significant opportunity there. We also prepared our service teams and our clients for the conversion. On the service side, we've fully harmonized our service teams. We've harmonized licensing, compensation, training, everything. So it is one service team across Ameritrade and Schwab. And then on the client side, we did everything to harmonize pricing, policies, experiences so that when the Ameritrade client converts from green to blue, the change is minimized. And then finally, critically important synergies. Obviously, a big part of the value creation in this deal is synergies, and we're on track to deliver our synergies, as Joe mentioned. And just one example in my world over $200 million already across both firms without losing any market momentum. So if that's '22, let me talk about 23, really twofold: number one, and again, probably most critically, successfully execute the biggest integration in our history and in industry history. But it goes beyond that. We are also going to make other investments in our corporate priorities of segmentation, monetization and scale. Starting with the integration, Joe mentioned some of this, but the retail part of the integration will happen over 5 -- all 5 transition weekends starting in a couple of weeks in February and then May, September, November and then a very small transition group in early 2024. We are doing everything possible to create a seamless positive client experience for these clients when they go through this significant change. Among other things, we've developed a robust set of client communications and digital experiences so that clients know exactly what to expect, what's coming and what they have to do, which, by the way, is just set up new credentials. It really will be a simple lot to optimize the front line so that the front line is ready for the client calls that are going to come in. We've trained and developed a whole set of transition specialists. We've made significant enhancements to our service desktop, launch new service tools, extensive training that is going on and will continue to go on throughout the year. And then on the client side, we are doing everything we can to close any remaining gaps may not have been able to do it on blue. A perfect example on the blue side and the Schwab side, we will be launching streaming quotes streaming on both web and app. Currently, that's only available on green, on Ameritrade, we're going to bring it to Schwab before the conversion, so that -- so the clients notice that. Another example is we're making final enhancements to money movement. So any money move capabilities that were available on Ameritrade will be similarly available on Schwab when the conversion happens. Lastly, I want to say about the conversion and Joe mentioned this, but this is a novel conversion in that we're not just bringing over the clients' accounts and assets client relationship. That's why it's taken a lot of time. We're bringing over their open orders, their move money instructions, their beneficiaries, their history, their cost basis. The entire relationship is coming over. And I think that's pretty novel to anything we've seen in the industry. And I think that's a big part of why we think it's going to be a seamless experience other than the fact that they'll have a new website and a new app. No matter how well we do, we expect client calls without question, when you drive client change, you get client calls. And we are investing a lot on after the conversion weekends and then for several weeks thereafter. We're pulling multiple levers. Number one, we are doing significant incremental hiring that is onetime expense, onetime hiring, but it's bringing forward hiring so that we have those folks there to take calls. We're leveraging all management levers that we have, things like enhancing over time, ensuring that we're not doing off-phone activities or training on those critical times, holiday blackouts, all the stuff you'd expect. We're leveraging technology even to a greater degree, so things like intelligent assistance, virtual callback, scheduled callback. Now we're leveraging our partners across the firm, the most significant of which is we have thousands of branch personnel on the Schwab side who are licensed. Those Schwab branch personnel are going to be taking phone calls for us during those critical -- after those critical transition weekends. And then finally, we are leveraging some outsourced support from some third parties to help us with some of those low risk, low complexity calls we know we're going to get. So I know we are doing -- I'm confident we're doing everything we can to make the experience seamless to ensure we have the service capacity and to do this conversion with -- in a way that is consistent with our through client size strategy. Beyond integration, the other priority is scale and efficiency. Probably the #1 way to drive scale and efficiency for Schwab from where I'm sitting is to continue to drive outsized organic growth. We are going to do that, which is data-driven marketing, a unique sales and relationship model, the importance of our workplace business and critically important referral. Stacey is going to come up and talk more about each of those. Scale efficiency, though, is also about being easier to do business with. For us, that's about continuing to invest in our multiyear priorities of digitizing more and more and really continuing to transform how we serve clients and how we do relationship management in a way that emphasizes ease. Critically important, when we talk about efficiency at Schwab, it's not about how do we reduce cost to get clients to self-serve. It's how do we deliver clients easier, better experiences. Now when we do that, what often happens is the cost to serve is down. So it is a win-win, but the motivation, the focus -- it may seem like a nuance, but the focus is always about how do we make it easier for our clients to interact with us. Second priority is around what we call win-win or client-centric monetization. Really, this is all about taking the capital that we have with our clients and leveraging that to do more for them, which all with the goal of helping them get better financial outcomes. And what that often leads to is wealth management or bank lending. On the wealth management side, you're going to hear a whole presentation from Nisha on the tremendous opportunity there. But suffice to say, we have a lot of growth opportunity there. On an asset basis across both Schwab and Ameritrade, right about 15% asset penetration deliver wealth management to clients, the TOA ratios go up, the Client Promoter Scores go up, attrition goes down and ultimately, our economics go up. So it really is the definition of a win-win. A lot of our focus there, again, will be on Schwab Wealth Advisory as well as continued efforts in the direct indexing space and other personalized investing opportunities. Bank lending is also a significant opportunity. We've seen a lot of growth, but we have a lot of opportunities, as Rick shared. Much of the focus as it relates to retail there is to continue to enhance our bank lending capabilities, particularly for high net worth and ultra high net worth. We see more and more demand there, and I think we see more and more opportunity to deliver more specialized treatment for those clients. The second priority on bank is around pledged PAL, pledged asset lines, highly sought after credit facility for our retail clients. We see great opportunity there to digitize more and more to reduce cycle times, but also to extend relationship pricing to the PAL offer, which is a core part of how we want to go to market for our clients. Last priority is about segmentation and segmentation starts with a Schwab delivering differentiated relationship models to our clients. We will continue to deliver those models very simply because they work. In fact, when you compare a client who has a relationship, a financial consultant with the client controlling for all other factors that we can control for, you see 2.5x greater NNA, 2.8x improvement in TOA and a 2x improvement in attrition. So in a way that reflects the different needs of our clients, but also the different economics that they deliver to Schwab. We have four primary models to support that. The mass affluent model is a scaled model generally for the sub-$1 million. We have the traditional FC, the local FC of the folks you see largely in branches serve largely the 1 million-plus client at Schwab. For the $10 million plus, we've built an ultra-high net worth specialized model. This is a high-touch model built particularly for ultra net worth -- and then we have specialized financial consultants for active traders, which have always been critically important, but even more important when you think about the integration of the Ameritrade client base. Segmentation relationships are important, but segmentation goes beyond relationships. And we segment across all aspects of the business at Schwab. But historically, that segmentation has been largely behind the scenes by design. That's been a little bit inconsistent and that we might segment in one part of the business, a little bit different than another. We might have different breakpoints. Going forward, we are going to change that. We are going to launch 1 million plus and a $10 million-plus set of branded segments, branded client experiences. These clients already represent more than 2/3 of our client assets, and they also represent the areas where we have the greatest growth -- we want to deliver to ensure we're meeting their unique needs, we want to deliver meaningful segmentation across relationship service or in a entertainment per with the $10 million plus the relationship model will be one of our top financial consultants or a wealth consultant that I referenced earlier. The service model will be served by our most capable, most tenured premier service teams. On the operations side, we've built a bespoke operations model for ultra-high net worth and then, of course, product access, pricing benefits, fee waivers, special client events. There will be a host of other benefits for that client segment. And for the $1 million to $10 million, we will differentiate along those similar dimensions. The one addition is the $10 million private wealth services. We'll be rolling these branded segments out later this year in advance of the green clients who qualify for these segments, converting the Ameritrade clients converting over to Schwab. So that when the Ameritrade clients become Schwab clients, day 1, they will be in Schwab Private Client Services and/or private wealth services depending on their assets. And it's certainly not least critically important is the importance of the trader segment. Trader has always been important to Schwab, but it's gotten even more important with the integration of Ameritrade to eternal last year, almost 40% given the volatility. Our focus on trader is really to solidify this position continue to grow. We believe we're in a really strong position. Once we get thinkers Schwab platform, which will be middle of this year, we'll have the full trading ecosystem at Schwab, defined by powerful downloadable web and app platforms defined by industry-leading specialized service teams, a comprehensive product suite and engaging and thoughtful, I think, industry-leading education as well. I think that's some total -- certainly from where I sit, we are planning to relaunch our trader offer later this year, pretty publicly allowed me in the marketplace. So before I -- before I bring Stacy up, I hope you have a sense of the investments we're making to ensure that this integration goes seamlessly and well and that will happen. And also the investments we're making to set us up for the next decade of growth around segmentation, monetization and scale. I thought I'd just end by where do I think this will position us sort of this time next year, value proposition for self-directed investors, active traders and those seeking advice with premium offers for high net worth and ultra high net worth, all supported by a no trade-offs value proposition, including the industry-only satisfaction guarantee. So a very strong value proposition back by over -- backed by a broader Schwab wide winning approach, an approach that emphasizes client centricity, everything we do is seen through clients' eyes, an approach that emphasizes a singularity of focus, everybody coming to work with one objective, help individual investors achieve great outcomes. A long-term view or willingness to take disruptive moves when it makes sense for the client. And finally, an expense discipline, a commitment to expense discipline, which allows us to continue to bring costs down for investors and feed that virtuous cycle. So a strong value proposition backed by a winning approach. The last thing I'll say, still significant opportunity. We are operating in the retail business in a business that's growing double digits with single-digit, 5% market share. So externally, tremendous opportunity to grow even more opportunity. When you look at our share of wallet, I think Rick shared these numbers as well, tremendous opportunity to grow share of wallet on the Schwab side, even more on the Ameritrade side. When you look at asset advice penetration, banking penetration, utilization of our advanced trading tools, in all those cases, we are in the single digits or low double digits. So a lot of opportunity internally as well. And finally, we have a diversified client and asset acquisition model to go after all that but I hope you have a sense of sort of where my passion comes from where I'm sitting with the strength of where we are today, the strength of where we'll be a year from now and the tremendous opportunity that sits in front of us over the next decade. So let me bring up Stacy to talk about how we're going to go after it all...
Stacy Hammond : Thanks, Jonathan. As you've heard many times already today, the external environment has created some headwinds. And as expected, our new client outcomes have moderated as a result and yet we continue to perform at pre-pandemic levels. So in 2022, we acquired 1.2 million new clients. Those are clients who entrusted us with their money to help them grow and manage their wealth. And it was the third highest year in terms of new clients that both Ameritrade and Schwab have ever seen. In addition to continuing to acquire a large number of new clients who entrust us with their money, the profile of the clients that we're attracting has been consistent and very attractive. So of almost 60% of the new clients that we acquire are under the age of 40. And at the same time, maybe on the other side of the coin, we're seeing a significant increase in the number of new clients who are funding to affluent, defined here as 250,000. So we saw a threefold increase in the number of clients who upon becoming new clients fund affluent. There are a couple of data points that we look at to understand the profile of the new clients that we're attracting. I'll point out a couple of them here. The first, you've heard many people already today talk about TOA ratio. When we see more new clients funding with securities than cash, it's a signal to us that we are winning business from competitors because that is already invested money. When we're winning cash, it feels like we are winning new money to market. And we're starting to see an improvement. Of course, in '20 and '21, we saw a lot more cash. Now we're starting to see more funding via TOA. We're also seeing initial funding increase, and that's probably also a function of the fact that it's already invested assets. But we've seen more than 100% increase in initial funding rates. And finally, and this shouldn't surprise any of you, as I'm sure it's similar to your behavior as a consumer. We continue to see an increase in the number of new clients who are opening via mobile or web rather than physically in a branch in person. This success is driven, as you've heard a couple of times already today by a diversified acquisition strategy that has remained consistent. Similar to an investor's diversified portfolio, each lever in our acquisition strategy serves a different purpose and balances one another. I'll share a little bit more about marketing in a minute here, but it's one of the most significant contributors to our new client outcomes, driving about 40% of our outcomes consistently over time. Whether it's a financial consultant inviting a prospect to a ballgame or whether it's one of our phone teams, picking up the call -- picking up the phone and making a welcome call. We know that people are central to our value proposition. And in fact, earlier, I referenced that we're seeing an increasing number of new clients opening accounts online. Well, if a new client opens an account in a branch, we see 6x the average funding of an account that's opened online. That is, of course, both a function of the type of person who is attracted to walking into a branch. And it is also a function of the relationship and the conversation that the financial consultant can have with the new client. Our relationships with employers introduce Schwab to their participants, which in turn creates affinity so that when those participants have needs beyond their 401(k) or their stock plan Schwab could be there to support their financial wellness. And as the workplace business grows, of course, the opportunity for retail growth. And finally, as Jonathan just referenced, core to what we do is delivering an exceptional client experience. And in turn, when we do that, our clients refer us. They talk to their friends about their experiences at Schwab. With the addition of Ameritrade's trading capabilities that you just heard a fair amount about and also their incredibly robust educational content, each lever in the acquisition strategy becomes stronger. We have more things to talk about in marketing. Our people have more ways to help. We have more things to offer our participants in workplace. And finally, we have more reasons to love us so that they will refer us to their friends. I promised I talked a little bit more about marketing, which is a significant contributor to our new client growth. And our approach is central to our success. It starts with very clear design targets, which allows us to be focused not only in our messaging, but also in our media buys. And of course, with the addition of Ameritrade's trading capabilities, we see tremendous opportunity ahead to be a lot louder in terms of our trading capabilities targeting active traders. So just like each lever in our acquisition strategy serves a purpose so does the channels through which we communicate with prospects and existing clients. And what I'd like to do is use a consumer trend that we're seeing to illustrate how those channels play together. So Jonathan referenced earlier that we're seeing increased engagement in our educational and market insight content. This isn't super surprising, given what's been happening in the market. But we've seen interest in content absolutely triple. So while we do use paid media to amplify our education and our experts voice, -- we also focus very much on the experience that you get when you come to Schwab.com. So you come to consume the education, but then it's our responsibility to ensure that you stay engaged by serving up an experience that makes it obvious as to what your next step should be. We also are expanding our owned channels. Many of you have probably increased your podcast consumption over the past several years, and we want to be where investors are. And so we now have a podcast. Jonathan referenced this earlier as well, where we've seen just incredible interest from prospects and from existing clients. And finally, of course, we use Earned media or PR, also to amplify our experts voices. Perhaps more important than how we do what we do is the -- that was what we do. Sorry, the channels is how we do it. And consistent with our challenger heritage, we're continuously disrupting ourselves to figure out how to market and how to market relative to our competitors. So I'd like to spend a minute talking a little bit about how we use measurement, creativity and innovation to set ourselves apart from the category. So Jonathan referenced our marketing synergies earlier. And with media inflation, it's more critical than ever that every dollar that we spend is as efficient as it can be and analytics is the way that we achieve that. I'll just touch on a couple of examples here of some of the analytics that we use. The first is relatively new, which is called a multi-touch attribution model, and that enables us to see how all channels, whether they are offline or online, work together to deliver outcomes. The reason why this is so important is that with cookie redaction, most advertisers lost their ability to see the prospect or client journey and seeing that journey is how we deliver efficiency. So what we've done is created a solution where we have a privacy compliant first-party tag, the reason why the cookies went away was a privacy issue. And we are building a model where we will be able to see how touch points from the branch network to schwab.com to digital advertising, work together and contribute to every new client and every dollar that new client brings to us. Our marketing mix optimization model is an econometric model that we use regularly to help us refine our media allocation across channels and also to help us anticipate outcomes. We're constantly improving the model. It has controlled variables like the number of branches that we have or what's happening in the external environment. And we add predictors of outcomes. For example, this year, we added personal savings rate, which probably is no surprise to you, tends to be a pretty good predictor of our outcomes. We also changed our media buy based on what we see from the model, and I referenced earlier, podcasts and education, where we have recently increased our media spend in audio and in what we call native, which is where we distribute our education to where investors are seeking to consume education. And like many things at Schwab, our approach to marketing is a little different than the category. We do engage in all of the [indiscernible] channels. They are workhorses for us, but we do it in a way that sets us apart from the competition. So taking advertising as an example, a lot of competitors in our category advertise the category, they advertise financial planning or the benefits of wealth management. We believe that we have to advertise in a way that is tangible and uniquely solves an unmet client need. So recently, we launched a campaign called Humans. I referenced earlier that our people are central to everything we do at Schwab. And each video in the humans campaign demonstrates our shared commitment to serving clients and brings to life a tangible point of differentiation, many of which Jonathan referenced in his presentation, whether it's our service or our satisfaction guarantee or in the case of Jim Tides, one of our financial consultants who tells the story about his father's business and how important it was to him to be clear and transparent with his clients about how much they were paying. He talks about what price transparency is important to Schwab and how that informs his approach to his practice. I'm also sure many of you recognize our friend Carl. Carl, is our antihero. He is the broker that represents what our competitors cannot do so that we can crisply articulate what we can do. And both humans and Karl consistently test in the top 5 in the industry in terms of TV advertising. Getting a little jump through there, sorry. Finally, lots of people have probably been to a golf tournament with a financial services firm. I'm sure you've stood there and watched on the fairway. This is another place where we continually innovate. Let's start with the fact that we named the tournament that we sponsored the Charles Schwab challenge in -- consistent with our heritage. We wanted to telegraph what it is that we stand for through the tournament. We also viewed the tournament with all kinds of innovations that were driven by both the players experience and the guests of the financial consultant's experience, whether it was a moment of silence because the tournament takes place over Memorial Day or the car that everybody loves to talk about, traditionally, you get a Tartan jacket and a trophy when you win a golf tournament, we kitted out a car that stands for something unique at Schwab that the winner of the tournament received and drives away with, which has been just tremendous from a media bus perspective. And finally, our competitors tend to host large events. They tend to focus it on the category. They want to talk about what they do. We do that, too, but the way in which we do it more creatively is we tap into clients' passions. So an example of this is that for Schwab investing themes, we are tapping into people's passion for beer, which seems like a rather obvious one, but we have different types of beer that tie to the different themes that enables us to then have a conversation about why you might be interested in renewable energy. This, of course, is just one example, but one that shows tremendous engagement because we're listening to the client. I mentioned earlier some of the innovations that we've done when we see consumer behavior changing or when we see the media landscape changing. I'll start with -- we do use traditional channels, but we're also looking for ways to engage with prospects in high engagement categories. You may be surprised to learn that 65%, 2/3 of adults use some gaming platform. And Jeff Kleintop, our Chief Global Investment Strategist, is one of that 65%. So he recently held a session on Twitch with the gamer, the purpose of which was not to equate investing in gaming. The purpose of which was to go to a place where investors are highly engaged and educate them about portfolio diversification, asset allocation and risk tolerance in a place where their eyes were glued to the screen. It's a great example of how we go through where consumers are. We all run advertising in traditional media. You see it when you open the Wall Street Journal or when you turn on CNBC. But again, we're looking for environments where we know that eyeballs are watching with their full attention and a really great example of this is holiday movies. So we actually inserted our brand digitally into 3 holiday movies recently on Hallmark and interestingly found that brand recall was higher from those holiday movies than some traditional advertising. Again, it's our insight that, that is a place where people are giving their undivided attention. And finally, last example here, you've all been to a restaurant with a financial services firm, while we upped our game, and we wanted to bring to life what is special about our financial consultants. So we hosted a barbecue cook-off in Atlanta and Denver. And each financial consultant had their own special sauce that brought to life what is different about them. and what the financial consultants love about this is that it enables them to connect in a very human way by something that marketing can deliver. So what do I want you guys to take away before we get Jonathan back up here for questions. What I hope you take away is that even in this difficult external environment, we continue to deliver consistent growth and it's because of our consistent acquisition strategy that is diversified so that in any environment, each one of the levers works uniquely. And finally, with the acquisition of Ameritrade, our value proposition only gets better, and we will, of course, continue to get better at what we do. So John, do you want to come on up and we'll take some questions.
Jonathan Craig : So I think we're got one already. We'd like to stand. So the chairs were removed.
Michael Cyprys : Mike Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. Just a question on the client experience. Where would you say Schwab and the industry is today in terms of the client experience compared to, say, leading industries on that front? And as client expectations are in part being formed from outside of financial services, how might Schwab and the industry close the gap there? And what actions might we see from Schwab over the next year or two on that front?
Jonathan Craig : Yes. That's a great question. I think you framed it well. I do think our clients -- any one of us as a consumer, our experiences, our expectations are often set by our best experience. Our last great experience that we had often frames our expectations for every future experience. And I think we in the financial services industry take that to heart, certainly, we at Schwab and recognize that there's opportunity to continue to get easier to do business with, which is why I focused on it so much. I think what's unique about the financial services space is the depth and breadth of what we offer in the serious of what we offer, the regulatory environment around it. So sometimes, some of our best thinkers will come and say, why can't we be like company XYZ and often that company might just rideshare copy. They might just do one thing, the same thing for all folks in a different regulatory world. So my response to that is we need to be as close to that seamless easy experience as possible, but we also need to recognize that we're doing something very different in a much broader way and a much more regulated way. So I would say it's a very high priority for us. It's a high priority for Rick. I know the entire retail leadership team. I think since we're making in digital that we deliver and we'll deliver a great experience, but it's an endless opportunity to do more for sure.
Michael Cyprys : Because the message has been very clear, and you've had good results, but the $100 million that was cut, and I was just looking at the advertising expense, and you can see it down. So where did that -- where was that cut? And I think I have an idea, but just where was it cut in? What do you see? Were there any impacts? And just a follow-up, Jonathan, on the -- and being disruptive. Where are we? Are we fully -- are we at 8 out of the 10 and being aggressive there? Are we still near 3 or 4, and that's still to come.
Jonathan Craig : You go quick?
Stacy Hammond : Yes, I was going to say. So I mean you did hear from Jonathan, that the marketing synergy was incredibly significant. However, I believe that it's the power of the combined value propositions that will make every dollar will be able to speak to both affluent clients who are seeking a wealth manager and to traders or somebody who's simply looking for a place to place a trade. We're also delivering significant efficiency account, which gives me confidence that we're buying in the appropriate places in the appropriate way and sharing the appropriate messages.
Jonathan Craig : On bank lending, I'd say. So lending is a significant opportunity, significant priority. Growth has been good in both. Historically, mortgage has been a little bigger than PAL. Obviously, in a different market, I think we see a lot of opportunity in PAL over the next couple of years in mortgage as well. But again, that depends a bit on the interest rate environment. Our financial consultants are fully licensed compensated to talk about lending. Our clients are open to it without question. We market our lending capability. I would say we're all in as it relates to helping our investing clients with the liability side of their balance sheet as much as we can.
Michael Cyprys : Cabot, KBW, the merittrade reps, and they're already offering Schwab lending products, for example. Just wondering, as the conversion happens this year, what additional opportunities does that unlock in terms of additional solutions that those reps can sell or our clients can get access to that'll continue to drive that increase in cross-selling?
Jonathan Craig : Okay. So the lending -- the ability to offer lending is very new. The wealth -- the brokerage part of the wealth management part has been throughout, well, 6 months now, at least. So both are very new. They do have access to the full suite of capabilities at Schwab. So the short answer is they have access to the full suite now. Having said that, it takes a while to understand the breadth of what we offer on the wealth management side. It takes a while to understand the banking as Rick mentioned, some of the processes right now since they're still green financial consultants. They're still supporting the TDA client in a TDA environment. It's not quite as seamless when they get over to Schwab. So the short answer is they have full access to everything now to talk to their clients about their Schwab employee, their clients or Schwab clients, it's going to be even easier. Eventually, when they're in a Schwab branch...
Michael Cyprys : Number one is we've over a couple of different sections. We've gotten a few questions just about maybe initial reactions from yourself and the broader leadership team around the market structure proposal. So maybe if you had any quick commentary on that.
Jonathan Craig : Yes. Let me share a couple of thoughts from where I said I'm not the expert, but I think I probably represent the broader view generally. I think first and foremost, that Schwab, our focus is and has always been about the individual investor and what's best for the individual investor. And as we look at these market structure proposals, we are looking at them, of course, through that lens. It's early. We have provided some commentary and published a white paper. We have more to digest and we'll share more as the process unfolds. But I think the key thing for us is any change that happens, especially significant change in market structure has to benefit or at least in our mind, should benefit unambiguously the individual investor. If it does, it would make a lot of sense, we would support it. If it doesn't, obviously, we would have a different opinion. From what we've seen so far, I think we have some questions as to whether it really would benefit the individual investor especially relative to how we route orders today, which we have a lot of pride in around best execution. So I guess we'll have more to say as this unfolds. But for us, the lens is what's great for the individual investors, we'll thrive. Our revenue tied to all these proposals is a very small fraction.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. One more from Devin Ryan at JMP Securities. And this could be for you or Stacy. Embedded Finance is becoming a bigger theme across financial services and meeting clients where they are, as Stacy spoke to. How is Schwab positioned for this and maybe a little more insight into some of the opportunities you see on this front ahead?
Stacy Hammond : Sure. Great. I mean I think central to marketing is being where clients are, I can't expect them to come to us. And I think core to innovation is figuring out where clients are and how we can meet them efficiently. I think a really good example of that is the work that we do with education. So we want to show up where people are curious about investing, whether that is with paid media or with earned media. Of course, once they get to schwab.com, the experience is even more robust, but I can't expect them to start there. So a lot of what we do is think about where are investors, how can we be useful to them in the place that they are and then how can we be there when they need us. I think the second part of that would be about new channels. I mean, I think about the number of ways in which we have to communicate with investors today, and it's much more expansive than it was even 5 years ago using, for example, the podcasts using our digital magazine, -- there are all kinds of examples of making sure that we're creating content in a way that reaches people where they are as opposed to expecting them to come with us to come to us. We're trying to make it simple, as Jonathan referenced.
Jonathan Craig : I think we're -- I would agree, we will go to where the clients are and at the same time, often investing involves a multifaceted conversation tools, relationships in a lot of cases, that eventually leads to coming in a branch or a full show.com experience, but we'll go out to them where they are, and that's all tied to ease. 
Jonathan Craig : So I think we're at time. I think I'm bringing up our friend and colleague, Bernie.
Bernard Clark : Our bias towards action when we all stand up about 15 minutes before we're supposed to be up here and lean against the wall and do circles. And we just like to be on the move and it's a little hard standing still anymore, but great to be here. I think Rich said it well in one of the breaks. This is often about what's up here, but it's more about what's down there when we're having conversations. And I hope to be able to turn this conversation around some of our performance in advisory services and with independent advisors into a conversation. So get your questions ready. There's a lot going on. And certainly, the one thing that's very, very consistent in the space is the success of it. Everything else seems to be changing, very much an evolving landscape. But -- and it didn't occur to me when I first asked for this. Everybody likes to talk about what we are and who we are and print articles and talk about that we're not there for something or we are there for something else. And so we thought it was really, really important as we were about to welcome in all of these new TD advisors that we told them who we are. And so I said to Tracy help me with this presentation. So let's start with the pledge that we put out there. What didn't occur to me at that point in time, and I was so happy we started with the pledge was the fact that when I launched the pledge, it was with all a few in February of 2020. And that just -- when I was sitting there thinking to myself, that must have been when we first put the pledge out. So it was that porpoAnd the 3 years that were mentioned in -- since we've been together living in this place. The a little box that we look at on our screen. But I want to remind everybody we have a pledge out to advisors, and it's so critically important because these are businesses. These are people who entrust their franchise to us as the custodian, and they don't know us, some 7,000 or 8,000 of them that are coming over. And maybe they've read some of the articles or have been told some of the stories about who we are, and that was the whole purpose of the pledge. What are we going to do now that we've taken this large share of the marketplace and how are we going to help them continue to grow their franchises. So most importantly, we are there for every advisor that's serious about being in business. We're not there for clubs and people who are just sort of kicking the tires or maybe have some powers of attorney on accounts. But if you're serious, we want to be in business with you. My job has never been to tell you when you're successful or what size you're at when you're successful -- so we have a lot of small firms. In fact, 80% of our firms are under $200 million. And we have far more small firms at Schwab before we even engaged ourselves with TD Ameritrade. That's important to remember. So there's no asset under management minimum we have. There's no custodial fees, and we don't plan on putting custodial fees in. Starting to hear through the industry about custodial fees as the economics get more challenged. And for some of those who don't have the opportunities that we have that don't have a bank, don't have the breadth of services and don't have the scale, they're starting to talk more about having asset management fees or custody fees, we have and will not have those. And we have no intention to introduce a minimum, I want to say this very clearly, nor do we have any intention of putting in a custody fee for advisors? -- best-in-class technologies. Christian asked me the question when we started , did you just embrace all of the TD technology? I think there was a belief out there that TD had a superior technology to what Schwab had. And I think in some cases, it was true. And in some cases, it wasn't. So you'll hear me talk more about this, but we took a look at both platforms independently and honestly and try to make sure we kept the best of both of what we were seeing. And we kicked the tires and all the APIs, and we'll talk more about that in making sure we could bring the services to advisors that they really needed. The best and brightest service professionals, I'm going to lay claim because I've been in this business for a long time now at Schwab. We have the best people. We have always known that this is a relationship business that never alluded us for a moment and making sure that we hire the best, retain the best and kept them in sea as long as we could before we had to promote them into even more broader roles to pursue their careers. We've been good at doing that. And technology is an augmenter really of those people and a deep relationship. After all advisors are in the relationship business, and they expect us to be in the relationship business with them. Practice management. We started this a decade ago, critically important, making sure that we're helping clients to grow their businesses. That's how we grow. Most of our growth is organic, as you can see from the numbers. And so making sure that we're out there, helping them to think about their futures, thinking about their successors, thinking about how they create firms that are multigenerational, has long been part of what we're doing. And I'm pleased to say that many of our TD colleagues now as they've joined us are recognizing, hey, that platform, we thought we had that as well yours a little better. You've got a little more than we had, and so it's all become additive. And then we talked about an account opening process that would be digital. Now -- the good news about this line item is it's not what I really I'm going to talk about further into this conversation. This was about making sure people understood we're not going to make you get wet signatures when we do this transition. This was about the ease of coming over that you've heard Joe talk a lot about, you've heard Jonathan talk about, which is a process that is well underway with advisors. That's what we meant by saying a digital process. I'm going to talk to you about a digital process we've now created for all the business that clients are winning and how successful it's going to be in the industry and it's going to revolutionize how you bring a new client to the firm and how easy we can make that for you to do it. I do want to stress that point, though, about as you talk about the transition. I'm not going to spend a long time on the integration. It is important to recognize that because these are businesses, our integration with advisors started 2 years ago when we first announced this. Advisors, we shut down the idea of having new advisors join the Ameritrade platform. They can put new accounts on the Ameritrade platform, but every new advisor at that point in time, joined the Schwab platform. And so we've -- we're well underway in the process of transitioning those over. So let's talk about the change in the industry. It's getting dramatic. And you could see the success we've had, as I said, that's the one thing that's been there consistently at 13% CAGR. I think I used to talk to you 3 years ago and through our virtual update, we used to talk a lot more about a 10% CAGR. Certainly, this has been a successful industry. It's drawing assets away. Jonathan mentioned some statistics about the retail market. We at Schwab all feel the same way. the assets, our growth is out there. It's not even necessarily with competitors. We have a small fraction of what is a very, very successful marketplace, and we are going to continue to exploit that in every way that we can. And as I think about what's going on in the marketplace and the growth that we've seen and the CAGR that we're enjoying, I think about everything that's happening from within that marketplace, M&A. There's -- you could argue, and I do often with our industry colleagues, there's a lot of M&A. Well, there's not really very much at all M&A at all. The truth is we did about 300 deals last year, but up about 5% from the year before, which is dramatically up from the year before that. But deals are happening constantly. -- firms are coming together, and they're coming together to grow. I think that's the important aspect of it. The M&A is being done because firms are seeing opportunities to merge together to create more centralized services to build scale, which is also important to advisors and maybe not -- had this debate with a client in my office the other day, maybe not as important to an advisory firm, but important. Certainly, fees are not going up for anybody, including advisors. And hence, we have to make sure that we can cover more assets with similar cost structures, and they're starting to get that idea as well. And as we continue to move forward in creating those opportunities for advisors, they will continue to bring more assets in. And the M&A that's happening within advisory firms is going to create more success within those firms. The concept you'll hear us talk about this a lot going on the -- going forward. The concept as rep as portfolio manager is starting to change. centralized services used to be done around operational functions. It's going to be a lot more, I think, about sort of the strategic and the more important relationship functions that are within a firm as we go forward. So we'll keep an eye on that, and we'll keep updating you on where we think that's going and the opportunities that we have. There's also a lot of capital coming into the space. It's been recognized as a successful place. Why wouldn't capital want to be here. You're seeing some of the likes of CI Financial coming in and acquiring firms in mass and with an intent to build those centralized services and scale. They've taken a lot of like firms and trying to create a capability there and doing it with advisors at the helm. Sometimes this is a retirement strategy. Quite often, what it is, is trying to create that multigenerational firm I talked about before. So you have 2 types of M&A there. You have money coming in, third parties acquiring in a successful way, I may say, and then you have advisors acquiring advisors. The thing that still alludes me, I've said this to you before, is I thought the M&A would focus itself more at the lower end of the market because of the complexities of regulation, the cost of operations, the ability to scale or the inability to scale a smaller firms, and it hasn't. M&A has really resided in the $1 billion space mostly, large successful firms coming together with other large successful firms. So we have to keep an eye on that and continue to monitor how that's going to change the landscape of what's going on. The target always being taking more assets away from the traditional models. That's the most important thing that can happen here. So as we continue to talk about the change that's happening, no one in this industry is staying in their lane. Everybody is looking to get involved in some other aspects of the business. Much of that, I think, has to do with chasing different revenue streams and opportunities. Some of it has to do with reaction to legislation and regulation or proposed legislation and regulation and trying to grab a spot there. We're seeing a lot of consolidation of providers. It's never been easier to go independent. And much of that is because fintech arrived on the scene in a big, big way. providers arrived on the scene in a product type way. And the open architecture nature of the independent space is really what's been driving its success. I may add that we are part of that open architecture in every particular case. Our capabilities sit right on the shelf, along with others, but the independence is what is so critically important to advisors, and we have to make sure that we're maintaining that. I think about what's going on with some of the providers like Envestnet announcing they're going to be in the custody business, I found that quite interesting. It's really hard to be in the custody business. I can attest to that. I remember when a competitor many years ago announced in November, they were going to be in the custody business with advisors by February and didn't laugh because we are paranoid, and we take everything quite seriously. But I knew that was impossible to build a platform of that magnitude. And I think to myself, why wouldn't Envestnet think they want to be in the custody business. And then I start to think a proposed regulation and legislation around outsourcing and what that could potentially mean. Interesting possibility Goldman talked about wanting to be in the custody business. I'm not so sure they're there any longer. This is a business you need to love in order to stay with it. I say that's a walk all the time. Can we love a business that's a 9 bp business, 9 bp net. And we are -- and we do, but it is a hard business, and it's a business that's taken us 2 decades to build in making sure that we can get all the capabilities that advisors want. I wouldn't quite say it's bespoke, but our job is making sure when an advisor has a need that we can fulfill unmet need. You've probably seen us go out, make a couple of passive investments. One pass one actually more of an ownership investment or investment in Dynasty. I think some of you may be curious about that. Dynasty is one of those solutions that exist in the marketplace that help to bring assets away from the more traditional models, not to demonize those models, but that's our job, trying to get more people interested in the independent space. And Dynasty has done a fantastic job in doing that. They have 25 of their firms on our platform as a custodian, and we've created a fabulous partnership along with them. And there's others in the industry, but they asked us if we like to be part of it Absolutely, we want it to be part of it. And so we made a nominal capital commitment to them in a passive kind of way because they're helping the industry grow. And who knows? Will we do more of those perhaps but it will have to be under the same kind of criteria as we think about it. Another deal we did recently was Family Wealth Alliance. In fact, just a couple of weeks ago, some of you asked me about that, we've become much, much bigger in the family office space. We now have 80 family offices that we cover through our model, 60 people dedicated to that. It's a really important space. Clients have more than doubled their size of accounts affluency, certainly driving up the change. And it's our job to make sure that we're creating capabilities that make sense for our family offices, many of which are multifamily offices, which were our clients already. And we had capabilities, but branding it has made a real difference in getting something like a family wealth advisor that's been around since 2003, with credibility covering 25,000 families, $450 billion in assets, not all on our platform either, which is kind of neat. And a guy like Tom Libergood, who created it that long ago, and we've been working with for the last decade as well, I think, is going to be very, very positive for us in continuing to penetrate that market from multifamily and into the single-family offices, getting exposure to those people. I opened by talking about the community and how important the community of people can be. Well, when you deal with family offices and many of you might not know this, the value of them is coming together more than anything. Often, their needs are economic, financial, but often not. -- security, travel, capabilities, services around the world. That's what they want to talk to other family offices about , and we then have the ability to bring them to bear in those conversations. And that's certainly going to make a big difference for us in penetrating those markets. So we're quite excited about being able to do more of that. And we'll look for those opportunities. These are not big M&A deals. They're additive to what we're doing. And if you look at FWA, family wealth Aliante, they look an awful lot like our consulting offer. So why not go out and get something that's in place and running and get into this place right away. And so to decide the consultative services that we've built over the past decade for premium firms and other firms throughout our network to make sure we continue to help them grow. So lots going on in that space. As we talk about the growth of the industry, one thing I would highlight to you, 15 straight quarters of 2:1 TOA ratios of assets coming away from others. That's a critically important dynamic that we have to continue to watch, bringing assets in, bringing in share of market, winning against our competitors. I would say our #1 advantage right now in the marketplace is capability. But most importantly, it's focus and consistency. We're in this business. Lots of other people say they want to be in the business. Lots of other people were in the business. Some other people are saying they're still in the business. I don't see the evidence of all of it. I see us with the assets that you can see on the right-hand side, half the firm's assets in this business, 1/3 of the revenue, this is really important business to Charles Schwab, and we're never going to forget that. I see lots of people smartly saying 13 CAGR, very successful place, lots of P&E capital coming into it. I want to be in that business. but can they get there? Do they really want to be there? Can they stay there, get there, stay there and be there through a lot of different economic climates, we can. We've got that scale, that earlier question from Christian. We clearly have that scale in this space. In fact, you can believe these numbers and not believe these numbers are all kind of bantered about, but Suruli talks about there being like 16,000 or 18,000 advisors. Conservatively, I will tell you that we are doing business with 85% of those advisors. Not always is the primary, but we have some form of business with 85% of advisors in the industry, and that's significant. And our aspiration is always to be the primary in every one of those relationships. So we'll keep stressing forward on all of those. Deal size, I talked about -- I did talk about the deal size coming to us. It's growing. Firms are larger when they come into the independents, but they're smaller as well. It's easier to be an independent. So we often see them come. Another sort of fun fact to side that, that we're seeing is there are twice as many transactions happening today that happened 2 years ago of $10 million or more generational wealth transfer is moving forward, and is moving forward at a very rapid pace. So if you think about our advisors being the same age as our clients, our clients are starting to pass their wealth on to that next generation, which is further stressing, I think, the industry to update itself and to make sure they're current for those next generation of assets. Sometimes they're going to a single individual, often they're being fragmented. Advisors are going to have to evolve. And because of that, we're also seeing the emergence of strategic firms in the industry. Firms that come together, I can mention a few, but you could think about high tower and focused financial. Firms that are very aggressive and trying to make sure their capabilities are staying current with the markets so they can continue to grow. And when I say their capabilities, usually it's an agglomeration of advisors and their capabilities. Let's be honest. As the market moves quickly and evolves quickly, it's not serving anybody well to be standing alone, and not taking advantage of a great custodian and the evolution of the business or perhaps taking advantage of an enterprise firm that's in the consolidation business, a mariner, the list is long as you go through. In fact, when we talk about deal flow, there's often 10 or 12 firms bidding for business that's in the marketplace. There's no shortage of demand and capability. And then you think about the other side of the marketplace, the independents or the IBDs -- they're here to stay. They've had some success. LPL talks about taking yet another run at this space. I think they've had great success in building models that help to retain the assets they've had, but can they attract assets. I think that's probably a question that remains. The regionals, Raymond James, they're out there. We still don't see a lot of success against the independent model, but they're trying. And so add them to the list of others who say they want to be in this space, they want to be in the independent space. And remember, you can always move to fee. That's probably the step 1 of moving to independents as a custodian, gets really, really hard when you start talking about open architecture product and you start giving up that revenue flow that comes with your captive product, your IPOs and your capital markets. And so I think you're going to see this only go so far that competition can come. We did $30 billion in net new assets in our new-to-industry assets, $18 billion of those came from wirehouses. So we're still continuing to see the success that comes along with that. And wirehouses again waffling just a tiny bit on, am I going to buy revenue flow? Am I going to rent revenue flow? Shouldn't I? Am I going to trade teams with other teams? And while they're doing that, good firms, large firms, in some cases, firms with tens of billions of dollars are just coming out into independent saying, I'm not playing that game anymore. I'm going to go out and I'm going to create a legacy here. I'm going to create a firm where I have terminal value in it that I can trade. I'm going to build a firm that can work for the people and the clients that I have. So we'll continue to see some of that growth. But with that, there's another challenge. When I talk to advisors, they always talk to me about technology and talent being their 2 #1 concerns, and they should. So we're heavily, heavily invested. I think we put $18 million since 2007 into university CFP programs, and university grants, not grants that necessary get our name on the door anywhere, but programs that are starting to bring help and capability into the marketplace, programs that are designed to make sure that their diversity of talent is getting better, whether it's ethnicity, sex, it is so important that we continue to move this industry to a place that represents the clients. And we've kind of been stuck, again, in most of the industry being post 55, a lot of [white male], not necessarily the demographic of the client base any longer. And so we're working hard at making sure that we're driving success into the universities at an early age and trying to create more opportunities in the historically black universities, certainly, other opportunities. The goal, if you look at this right now, the goal here, as I said to the team, is to try and get every state to have a blue that we can bring in. I remember when it was odd for us many years ago to have students that are impact events. So if you notice them there, there would be 10 or so wandering around, they'd be wearing school shirts. We now have 100 every year who come. And not only that, more importantly, everybody else at their conference started bringing students as well. If they hire 70,000 more people in the next 5 years, 70,000, where are they going to come from? How are we possibly going to do that unless we promote this at a very, very early part of people's career development. We're building a firm of the future while delivering on promises to clients, enhancing our control is critically important in this conversation. We had a little bit earlier, Michael and I were having this -- we're a $3.4 billion, $3.5 trillion franchise for advisors. We can't take risks with that, not because we can't as the firm Charles Schwab, which of course, we want to be very careful with. But our clients tell us, don't be a Page 1 headline. We can't afford to take that. We tell our clients their assets are safe with you. And so we have to have the right control as we bring these two teams together. And I will tell you, we did it with the people. We had lots of replacements, lots of people where we took our TD partners and replaced some of our Schwab partners, and then we have to do it on technologies as well. APIs are something that frequently comes to mind. We have 190 now. They're not all with TD APIs. They're not all with Schwab APIs, they are combination of we deem to be the absolute best in the industry. And we have a sandbox for those who want to come along and maybe try some stuff out with us. But we're not going to put that sandbox into production and jeopardize our clients, I promise you that. New launches, T. Rowe Price, institutional transaction fund, very important that's been waiting for some time. DocuSign 2.0, something that TD had that was really, really good and then the clients like we had to meet them with that one. We think we have a better solution coming through eSignature, but at the same time, we had to meet them now to make sure that they can continue to do their business. And of course, digital onboarding, as I keep talking about that, so important. As we complete the -- really the whole integration, sits top of mind for all of our strategies going forward, digital adoption, our culture, our people, efficiency, wealth management solutions and lending capabilities. Two things I'll highlight there. The digital -- it is a digital onboarding process for advisors. As I said to you at the beginning, it's going to revolutionize and I think it's going to bring a lot more business directly to Schwab because it's going to be ease of doing business is going to make such a big difference in transitioning assets is such a very critical to and lending. I know [Rich], Jonathan, everybody covered this pledged asset lending, so important to advisors right now. We're starting to get our legs under us there. We'll continue down that path. I think originations are going to be right there. And then business lending has to be on the horizon, right, a premier bank that can really serve these institutional firms. And as always, I will highlight to you, and this is just a fun story. I show the slide all the time. We do this all through our client size. We do this all with our clients. These are all clients in our advertising. You should see the glee on TD Ameritrade advisors when they pop up in a commercial. It's like 7 years ago when we first started doing it with the Schwab advisors, they love seeing their face up there on banners in commercials, and they've been coveting this opportunity for quite some time. So quite proud to see the firm coming together. As always, let's go to some questions.
Benjamin Budish : Ben Budish from Barclays. You talked a little bit about generational wealth transfer. I was wondering if you could talk about maybe like attrition and also win rates when those sort of transfers are happening? I think it's kind of stood that that's sort of an opportunity time for maybe you're the next generation to make a change. To what extent you guys winning there versus seeing people potentially...
Walter Bettinger : Win and we lose through our advisors. Advisors are adept at getting involved with families way downstream. And so they're keeping the assets. But what they need to do is they need to be building models within their slightly different way than they might have served the parents assets, right? I think virtual, I think this is one of the silver lines of COVID, I think we've learned a lot through all of that. I think they have an opportunity to create different portfolios for this group. Asset accumulation versus de-accumulation, if you will, is something that they're all starting to focus an awful lot more on. And I think M&A is going to play a little bit of a role in here too, in creating some more of those centralized services. Some firms are using junior partners and assigning them to the books of these smaller clients as well.
Benjamin Budish : On the institutional space, you are an institution as well. It's been around for a while. But I guess one thing is on the -- this no load. I think we don't need to know the economics probably Peter will cover that. But in this last we see a jump up. It looked like the -- so could you just give us the strategic sort of the color behind that, and I'm sure we can ask Peter more the financial -- hardcore financial.
Walter Bettinger : Well, advisors are continuing to load and something we should be talking about is their movement into alternatives, which has been quite prolific recently, using things like iCapital so important case management, just 2 examples of third-party platforms we have in that open architecture environment I mentioned. Clients don't want to pay transactions, and yet there's pressure on economics across the board. And so I think no loads are coming into the SEC has entered into it. They're class, best-in-class share is something that they're looking deeply into. And so I think you're seeing advisors now really revisit that, along with the fact that they're coming to realize that the idea is rep as the portfolio manager is something they need to move away from. That's going to be gradual, and it's going to take some time. But I think we're going to see more of that migration. And I think there's space there for us and other third parties and overlay-type management. I didn't mention iRebal and thinkpipes when I was going through some of those best of both worlds. But I think our model marketplace is going to play a very big role in the future as well. Our combined TD and Schwab...
Benjamin Budish : Matters who they give it to...
Unidentified Company Representative: Ben, will get there eventually, I promise.
Unidentified Analyst: Just a 2-parter, Bernie, on the competitive landscape. Are you seeing any evidence that RIA consolidate becoming less aggressive given higher rates and growing interest burden. And you didn't really touch on what you're seeing from your larger RIA peers. Pershing is announcing this big launch with Pershing X. I was hoping you can give some perspective since it does appear that they're making some pretty meaningful investments to help accelerate growth within the RIA channel.
Bernard Clark : Rich has highlighted, I've been around a while. Yes. No, I am shocked by the interest that continues at very, very high multiples. I'm not sure that advisors they're a bit of an all twisted punch. I'm not sure the multiples are what they're moving them, and there are multiple bidders. So that continues. And I do think that firms are going to have to, in some way, change to that or find opportunity. And we're helping some of those consolidators to find opportunities and how they can build those businesses after to create some better economic if that's what they're after. But I do think the centralization of capabilities is what's going to be important in the future. But I don't see the flow going away.
Unidentified Analyst: Pershing, Pershing X. 
Bernard Clark : I almost hate answering that question because it always sounds like I'm a homer. But at the end of the day, Pershing X, it feels to me -- so I'll give you Bernie's opinions, right? It feels to me which is dangerous and I'm about to get run off the stage with and Fidelity, it feels like they're trying to go back to their DNA of being a fun company, everything is distribution. So that's how I look at our 2 competitors. Still fierce, still with great capability. I could probably tell you more about Pershing than I can about Fidelity because they hide behind that cloak of secrecy of not being public. But I will tell you that when it comes to we will not be outdone, when it comes down to longevity in the marketplace, we will not be outdone. And I think we may find ourselves doing business with Pershing X, and that's just fine. We can do that until we have a capability that's superior.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Here we go, Bernie. So in the industry slide, you talked about being roughly -- or the numbers suggest roughly 45% of the industry, the RIA industry. So that's an awesome achievement. I'm curious, the footnote looks like it suggested and included hybrid RIAs. So is that just their fee-based portion? Or is there a portion of that market that you wouldn't have access to? And as you become larger and a bigger portion, how do you continue to keep the growth going and not become kind of problem of -- a victim of your own success, if you will?
Bernard Clark : Well, the growth is still coming from outside of the space. So it's not an internal competitive space, right? We have about 1/3 of our clients that we call hybrids. I think the hybrid assets are excluded from that number, but it's reasonably de minimis. When someone comes to us, typically, what they're trying to do is grow themselves out of that revenue stream, and they're quite successful at doing. I just sat with a very large consolidator, I had this conversation the other day from the Midwest. And they're looking at the opportunities of how fast they can remove themselves because they can't be a truly fiduciary as long as they're hanging on to that commission space, right? And they have to keep the licensing and there's all sorts of stuff that comes along with that. So I think that's a de minimis amount. I think the amount of assets that make the most sense are probably the $8 billion to $10 trillion that sits in the wires. And we see a lot of advisors who are in the independent broker-dealer space who are finding themselves to what looks more like an 80:20. Indirectly, I would tell you some of these models that they're trying to hold assets on to in the IBDs are actually helping us because they're forcing advisors to the fee space. And then it's just a small across the street to us or independents in general -- I shouldn't say us, but the independents in general, it's once they get the fee. And if they have a little residual commission business, it can always be handled through -- there's a preponderance of independent broker dealers that can do that. 
Bernard Clark : I think I'm out of time. No questions? Awesome.
Bernard Clark : So now I get the pleasure of introducing my friend and colleague who I sit before too. If I forget to introduce you, please just come up, Neesha Hathi. Neesha Hathi, many of you remember, had a cup of coffee with advisory services for a decade. So she's been a key part of ours. She runs wealth and advice solutions now, and she looks after everything in the firm having to do with that and certainly it's going to be a big aid to advisors as well on a going-forward basis.
Neesha Hathi : Thank you, Bernie. And it's great to be here with all of you today. I know I'm the last thing between you and lunch. So I will keep it moving as I go forward. I think the last time I had the opportunity to spend time with you, I was in a different seat. I was our Chief Digital Officer. And so you might see a little bit of my digital roots, not to mention my advisor services roots come through. But I want to share today on what I'm really excited about, which is actually leading our newest enterprise Schwab, which is called Wealth and Advice solutions. And what I'm going to do is, I try to accomplish 3 things. First, I want to give you a little bit of a lay of the land. So what are all the capabilities that we have in this area around wealth and advice solutions. And you've heard a lot about this opportunity around wealth management today. So I want to bring some of that to life. Secondly, I want to talk about the actual opportunity -- and when you look through it -- look at that opportunity through our eyes, given the growth of these businesses that you've been hearing about all day, we really think that opportunity is tremendous. So a really great opportunity that we believe, we're very well positioned to pursue. And then finally, I'm going to talk a little bit about what are those priorities. So how are we actually going to go and pursue this opportunity and accelerate our growth in this area. So let's dive in. So as I promised, I wanted to start with the lay of the land. And the first thing I would start with is that in that One Schwab spirit that Walt talked about this morning is that our goal here is really to serve all of the clients at Schwab when we think about the wealth and advice solutions that we bring to market. So that includes our retail investors, of course, as well as our registered independent advisors and to a lesser extent, at least for now, our employers and the employees or the participants that work with those employers as well. There are three kind of major components to what we offer in this space. So of course, the investment solutions. So think about this as the building blocks of the portfolio, right? ETFs, mutual funds, separately managed accounts, alternatives. And of course, we have lots of third-party asset managers that we work with there, as well as of course, the proprietary offers that we have and many that we've acquired over the last few years as well. Then in the middle of the page, you see managed investing portfolio solutions. So these are not the building blocks, but these are the most holistic portfolio solutions that we offer. Here you have our flagship offer, our Schwab Wealth Advisory that you heard a little bit about earlier today, but also the great program that we have with our RIA clients, our Schwab Advisor Network, where we work with over 130 RIAs across the country and work with them to refer clients who are a better fit for a high-touch customized offer like what's offered through those RIAs. And then, of course, offers like Schwab Intelligent portfolio, it's premium, where we offer human access to a certified CFP, a certified financial planner, as well as digital advice. So really a robust set of solutions that we have when it comes to managed solutions or those portfolio solutions. And then when you get to the right side of the page, what you see are our experts, our specialty teams. So along with, of course, the building blocks and those portfolio solutions, we have a lot of experts in the house. And these are certified financial planners, folks that specialize in tax, [trust in the states], equity awards, all the various components that you would imagine. I think of these as the wealth management services that wrap around the portfolio, but a key part of the value proposition when you think about a client who's looking for help, guidance and advice as to how to get to better outcomes. And when you bring all this together, it's a significant driver of our revenue. Over $4 billion of our revenue come from the offers and solutions that you see on this page. So the really wonderful thing is that as you can see this big, broad, robust set of capabilities that we already have in the house, our goal is to deliver those capabilities to our clients. And what we know is that when a client engages with us, when they take advice from us, when they engage with us on a financial plan, we have happier clients. And the reason we have happier clients is because they have the confidence, they get the support, they get the guidance that they need to get to their financial outcomes. And the left side of this slide kind of illuminate some of that. So if we think about financial planning, and you heard Jonathan talk a little bit about the financial plans that we deliver. Financial planning is a key component, we think, one of the first steps for a lot of investors. When an investor engages with a financial plan and does a financial plan with us, not only are they more confident, but we see 12x the M&A of a typical retail client. If you think about our offers, Walt talked about this morning a little bit, managed investing, when a client actually is paying us a fee for advice they are more likely to have a higher CPS score. Actually, on average, an offer like Schwab Wealth Advisory has a CPS score of about 10 points higher than the average retail client. Average retail client, by the way, has an incredible CPS score, if you think about the industry out there. But our managed clients are even more excited about being at Schwab more likely to refer and more loyal. And loyalty is actually what the third point talks about, which is in that Schwab Wealth Advisory offer, when a client actually enrolls in that offer, they're much more likely to be retained at Schwab and actually stay in that offer. So they're having a great experience and bringing more of their assets to the offer and referring that offer to other of their friends and family. And then finally, at the bottom of that column, you see even when it comes to digital advice. When you think of digital advice, especially over the last few years is perhaps a more transactional client, perhaps a client that's really still kind of tiptoeing into advice. When we ask our clients how they feel about Schwab Intelligent portfolios, we again see a very high satisfaction rate. We know that clients, again, sometimes what they need is actually digital advice. Sometimes what they need is a consulting with the certified financial planner. And I think one of the real assets that we have is, we have all these capabilities in the house, and we're free to deliver advice and the guidance that they need in lots of different forms, not necessarily the traditional -- you have to have it all this way. At Schwab, you can have it the way that the client really needs. And it really does vary depending on the asset size, their personal needs, where they are in their life trajectory. So when clients engage with us when it comes to advice and guidance, we have happier clients. When we have happier clients, the great thing is we actually drive revenue for Schwab. And what you can see, if you look at the charts on the right side is that the advice solutions of the dark blue part of that bar chart, you can see is growing at a faster rate. Those are those solutions in the middle of the slide that I showed you previously. Those managed solutions when a client is paying us a fee is actually the higher growth area of our AMAF revenue. And also, as you can see by the revenue on client assets and attractive economics, so better, happier clients means with stronger growth for Schwab as well. So as you can see, it's already a robust business. But what I really get excited about is talking about the opportunity because this is a growing opportunity and probably not surprising. As the information out there as investors are hearing all this information about how they should live their financial lives, what good advice looks like, what they should be doing with their portfolio, more and more investors are looking for help and guidance. And actually, I think Rick talks about it as a bull market for advice. What you can see on the left side of this chart, and by the way, this is a Cerulli data, is that more and more investors, no matter what their segment is so, whether they're self-directed or more advice-seeking, you can see that, that's up into the right. They're more and more often looking for advice. And at this point, across the industry, 61% of investors are saying that they're willing to pay for advice, not just looking for it, they're willing to pay for advice. So what we look at is we say, well, that's a great opportunity across the industry. But what about our clients? How do our clients feel? Well, when you look at the right side of the slide, we see a really great opportunity. So when you ask -- when we ask our own clients, our Schwab clients and say, would you be willing to pay for advice? We actually do this in an investor profile survey that we do regularly. Are you willing to pay for advice? 37% of our own Schwab clients are willing to pay us for advice. And by the way, the dark blue bar chart shows you that only 11% of those households actually do pay us for advice. So we have a real opportunity here where we have clients who are saying that they want advice and only 11% that are actually paying us for advice. And actually, we talked a little bit earlier, there was a great question in the audience here around Ameritrade clients. And are they more trading-oriented and would they be willing to pay for advice? Or how is -- how are all these wealth management solutions going to resonate with them. When you ask that same question, would you be willing to pay for advice, you actually get a number not much lower than what we see from the Schwab Blue side. 31% of Ameritrade clients are willing to pay for advice, and only 2% are currently paying for advice. Now not really that surprising, if you think about Ameritrade's focus was not necessarily in wealth management, some of the capabilities that they had, but when you think about the opportunity as you bring them into the Schwab universe, it's really tremendous. The other thing I'd point out is that we know that likely those 31%, they're actually getting that advice somewhere else. We talked earlier about the share of wallet opportunity. So not only is this an opportunity to engage them in advice, provide them that great experience, but also consolidate those assets that are probably being served somewhere else. So that's a little bit about the retail opportunity, but we also see opportunity on the advisor side, as well as with employers. And let me start with the advisor space. Bernie alluded to this a little bit. And if you think about the RIAs out there, many of them for many years have been looking to outsource more of their back office -- so there's been a trend over time, outsourcing the technology, maybe portfolio management, performance reporting, some of those things that they sell as administrative. But for many years, they were somewhat reluctant to think about outsourcing what they would call maybe their secret sauce, investment selection, portfolio construction, that was something that they wanted to keep closer to home. But what's happened over the last years is actually a change in that dynamic as advisors are realizing that their core value proposition is not necessarily in that part of the value proposition and actually is more about the relationship and all of those wealth services that they can provide outside the portfolio management. There's an increasing trend for advisors to outsource investment management and investment selection, portfolio construction. And what that means for a provider like Schwab is there's an opportunity for us to leverage all the great platform that we have as well as this great capability around asset management, wealth solutions to actually bring those things together so we can actually help serve more of those advisor needs as they continue to move towards -- forward on this trend towards outsourcing. On the right side of the page, what you see is the opportunity in the workplace environment. As we talked about a little bit earlier, workplace is an opportunity where we have more and more employers out there who are looking to serve their employees in a broader way. So think about what the pandemic did. You think about a lot of employers wanting to help their employees not only with their physical health, but also with their financial health, and so employers today they're one of their #1 areas of focus is financial wellness. This was quite different than it was many years ago. But what that results in is employers are more and more looking for providers to provide more help and guidance to their employees. That could look like a financial plan, that could look like a portfolio, but it -- but it is a higher level of service than just managing the portfolio. And this demand is actually not only coming from the employers, but actually the employees themselves. So if you look at the top of this right side, you see that there's demand growing because it is their primary relationship, right? For many people, their 401(k) is their primary service provider. Their primary relationship and financial services is with that 401(k) provider. And so they're looking for more help guidance and often, they're looking for more personalization, too. So as you can see, we look at this wealth and advice opportunity very broadly. There's a great opportunity with retail clients. We have had great opportunity with RIAs as well as with employers and the participants. And what I think is really exciting is that we are really well positioned for this. If you think about what a person looks for in a financial services institution and what Schwab stands for and what we're good at, where our competitive advantages lie, there's a really good match. First of all, trust. Schwab has been recognized as one of the most trusted brands in the industry. And when you think about advice, yes, you want to have a trusted relationship with your financial services provider. But if you're going to take advice from them, that's an elevated level of trust that you're going to need to have. And so our position here as a trusted provider is really important. Secondly, this combination of digital and human -- and I think this is a really interesting area of focus because more and more investors, sometimes driven by the pandemic, but it was a trend that was happening already are seeing the value of both -- the power of both. And I think we've talked about this quite a bit, but when it comes to areas of wealth management, I think we're really just scratching the surface. When you integrate the expertise of humans and bring technology to the back end of that and digital experiences to the front end of that, I think we can do some really powerful things and no firm is better positioned to do that given our strengths than Schwab. The third I would say is value. And I think this is something we all know that Schwab stands for value. This is our -- one of our core competencies, and this is something that we really believe is a principle when it comes to what we deliver to investors and advisors. But if you talk to investors about why don't they get professional advice. So for the investors that are not getting professional advice. The #1 reason, I feel confident in my decisions. Well, great. If they feel confident in their decisions, great Schwab is a great place for them. But the #2 reason is fees and costs. And so we know that there's a population of investors that are out there that want advice that see the need for it, but are may be turned off by the fact that they're not sure if the fees are going to justify that the value that they get. And that is something that we have an incredible strength in doing. And then finally, the one-stop shop. And I kind of look at this in two ways. One is that we know that there's a growing population of investors that are looking for their investing their wealth, their banking all to be in one place. And by the way, this is not only younger investors, we see that same trend in higher net worth individuals. But I think the other part of this is something that Stacy was talking about earlier when we talk about newer investors because what Schwab can do is actually be with an investor throughout their life journey. A lot of firms are going to want to come in and talk to an investor once they're a high net worth investor. And what we have the opportunity to do is actually work with an investor throughout that life journey. When they're a self-directed trader, maybe they don't have a lot of assets, but then they're thinking about stepping into advice, thinking about maybe a nondiscretionary solution, we can be with them across that journey. And I think that's a real powerful differentiator and helps us stand apart. So what are we going to do? So how are we going to go after this opportunity? So let me talk about 3 areas that we're focused on. So first of all, introducing more clients to wealth and advice solutions. And this is -- we talked about this quite a bit already today. But when we think about those millions of TD Ameritrade investors that are out there, that we are going to be bringing on to the Schwab Blue platforms, we have a real opportunity to introduce them to this broad suite of solutions that I shared with you, and we'll be doing that in lots of different ways. Of course, there's digital capabilities that we have. They have welcome experiences, and we talked a little bit about that earlier, but lots of different ways that we can introduce them to these solutions, not to mention all of those green or Ameritrade financial consultants. As we talked about earlier, a lot of those consultants have now been -- they're now duly registered, they're able to talk about these wealth management solutions, but the process is still pretty clunky. They have to actually help their client navigate to the Blue platform, the Schwab platform to actually open that managed investing account. Once we bring them over on to the Schwab Blue platform, all that friction goes away. And the early indications as we work with those financial consultants is really, really exciting. Those are financial consultants who have recognized for years, Ameritrade was a great place for trading, but maybe they weren't quite able to follow through on the rest of the needs that client had. And when they look at that Schwab Blue, that Schwab solution set of wealth and advice solutions, they get very excited about that opportunity to serve their clients in a more holistic way. In the middle column is really around enhancing our offerings, and we have a lot of work to do. We have a great offering, but we have a lot of opportunity to do more. And this is again where traditionally in this industry, when you think about managed accounts, managed investing tends to be a more paper-centric type of experience, tends to be all about the human expertise, and we believe a lot in the human expertise for sure. That is the center. But we also know that we can do a lot around that human expertise to create a better experience. And this really is an area that's very win-win. We know that clients want digital and human experiences. So it's a better client experience. We know that our field, so whether it's a financial consultant, a wealth advisor, a tax in the states attorney. we know that they all are dealing with the same friction in the process, whether it's paper, it's process, it's manual work. And we have the opportunity to really bring a lot of automation to that. And then, of course, it's a win for Schwab because as we scale these processes, we really have an opportunity to bring a lot of efficiency to these different types of offers that we have. As we brought this organization together, one of the obvious opportunities is you have Schwab Wealth Advisory, you have Schwab Intelligent Portfolios, you have Schwab Advisor Network, you have all of these various opportunities -- various offers out there, and we have a lot of opportunity to bring those things together in a much more holistic way for investors. That's really -- we believe, is going to resonate. I'll also touch on the bottom of that middle column around Schwab Wealth Advisory. So Schwab Wealth Advisory is one of our long-standing, we used to call a Schwab Private Client, but rebranded it just about a year ago. Schwab Wealth Advisory is one of our flagship offers. It's a nondiscretionary offer. And if you think about, again, our heritage client, a self-directed client or even an Ameritrade client, a self-directed client, a nondiscretionary offer is a great way for a client to step into advice. They may start a self-directed client and then say, "I could really use sounding boards, someone to talk to you, someone to give me some advice, but I'm not quite ready to hand over the keys" this is our great solution for that. And so Schwab Wealth Advisory has grown as a nondiscretionary solution. But what happens off it is, after a client works with Schwab Wealth Advisory for some period of time, one of the most common requests, actually the most common request is, well, can you just now do this for me? Can you just now manage the portfolio? It was great. I got your advice. I trust you. This is working for me. Now could you take this on? And we've never had a discretionary option within Schwab Wealth Advisory. So we are in the process of building that offer. And that will help us be able to serve those clients as they move into that phase of wanting more discretionary management. So again, back to that life journey, you can imagine the client starts out as a self-directed client, they decided to step into advice through maybe a nondiscretionary experience. And then as they become more comfortable, discretionary experience is available for them. So really a great opportunity for us to continue to broaden the way that we serve investors in this space. And then finally, the right side of the slide here talks about expanding our capabilities, and I won't spend much time here so we can get to questions. But Schwab personalizes indexing, we've talked quite a bit about, we'll be introducing new digital capabilities for both retail and RIAs to expand the capabilities there, more personalization capabilities. And I'll touch on Model Market Center, Actually, Bernie just talked about it for a second. But Model Market Center is another great example of a capability that was on the Ameritrade side that we are bringing on to the Schwab Blue platform. And if you think about Model Market Center, it sits on iRebal, but again, back to the outsourcing trend that I showed you for RIAs, it allows us to actually present to advisors, third-party models as well as, by the way, [sesame model], so Charles Schwab Investment management models to advisors so they can actually get more scale in that investment management process. And we're going to continue to invest and improve those capabilities over time. So I hope you walk away from this taking away a few things. One, we have a robust business in wealth and advice, and it's growing quickly. Secondly, we have an even bigger opportunity. If you think about the retail opportunity, the RIA opportunity, and again, we didn't spend too much time on it, but the opportunity we have in the workplace as well. We have these great assets around wealth and device solutions that we can deliver to clients no matter what channel that they're in. And then finally, that we have a lot underway to improve our performance, which has already been quite strong, but improve our position in the future. We really believe that this is an area that we can excel, and we can leverage all of the core competencies of Schwab to do so. So with that, I'm going to pause and see if we have any questions.
Michael Cyprys : Mike Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. I was hoping you could elaborate a bit on the new discretionary management product that you're going to be rolling out for retail customers this year that you alluded to. Just maybe you could expand upon that? What are the economics for Schwab? Can you talk about the value proposition and how that's differentiated from other offerings in the marketplace?
Neesha Hathi : Yes. As I mentioned, we have very large offering with Schwab Wealth Advisory. And it is a nondiscretionary offering. And the opportunity that we see is actually to introduce discretion to those clients who are asking us for discretion in that offer. And so it is a discretionary offer that will be part of Schwab Wealth Advisory. It's not a new offer. It's not going to have a new brand. But it will be a very robust digital experience, robust capabilities underneath, and it's something that we're going to be building out over the next couple of years. But it is, I think, a real important key element of making sure that we have advice solutions across the spectrum of our clients' needs.
Unidentified Analyst: You talked about the gap between those who pay for advice, and those who are willing to pay for advice. Can you elaborate more on why that gap exist, and what is it specifically that you'll do, and kind of timeframe you expect to kind of close that gap over time.
Neesha Hathi : Yes, of course. Yes, it's a great point. And I think when we look at that data, we all get very excited and say, well, why aren't these clients coming to us and saying, knocking on the door. I think there's a few reasons for that. One is really awareness. And part of that is we have, of course, all the Ameritrade clients who haven't had access to these. So these products and solutions, so they're just becoming aware. I think the second is that we have -- we've grown pretty tremendously organically as well. So we have lots of Schwab clients who maybe came in as a self-directed client, and didn't even know that, well, Schwab's capabilities around this. So there really is a significant opportunity around just awareness. Our heritage is serving clients directly and being a place for self-directed investors is certainly something that's a strength. But in this area also gives us opportunity because we have the opportunity to tell them about these other things that we do. I think the other thing is we have an opportunity to enhance our offers. And as I mentioned, making some of those offers more digitally capable, adding some more capabilities that will resonate with clients is something that we're focused on doing, and you're going to see a lot more about that over the coming years. And then finally, I think that there's -- when you ask if someone, are you willing to pay for advice, what they might be thinking about advice might be different than what our industry thinks about it as advice. And I think one of the reasons why I think that we are so well positioned at Schwab is that we have lots of different tools in the toolkit and a really great scalable model to be able to deliver that advice in the way that makes sense for the client. So I'll give you an example of this. Traditionally, in our industry, wealth management solutions are delivered with asset-based pricing. One of the things that we did with Schwab Intelligent Portfolios Premium is to create a subscription model. And that allows the client perhaps who wasn't comfortable or didn't like that idea of asset base pricing to engage with us in a different model. You could also imagine that there might be clients who say, "I'm willing to pay for advice, but I don't want to enroll in something forever. I want advice kind of in moment-in-time, we call moment-in-time advice. And so we have all these experts, all of these capabilities, and our opportunity is to look at that population that is saying they're willing to pay for advice and figure out how is it that we deliver that advice to them in a way that resonates with them. But the wonderful thing is we don't have to go out and prospect a single additional client in order to do that. Of course, we're going to keep growing that engine at Schwab and continue to bring new clients in. But all of that opportunity already exists right within the Schwab House. So I'm going to introduce -- I didn't see you up there. I'm going to bring back, Jeff.
Jeff Edwards : Sorry, [Stephen]. So we do have a short kind of working lunch break. The food will be right out the door that you guys came in this morning. You can grab your lunch, stretch your legs. If anybody wants to stick around for Peter, he will be here presenting some materials and trying to take a few questions. So -- but no pressure. So yes, just follow this way, pick up, your name should be on the lunch, but feel free to reach out to any questions. And we'll see you guys back in about 10, 15 minutes. [Break]
Unidentified Company Representative: We're in the home stretch. Please welcome Peter, Crawford.
Peter Crawford : Right. Excellent. Well, thank you very much the home stretch indeed. And thank you. It looks like most of you came back to hear my session. I feel honored and delighted and hopefully, I won't disappoint. Great to see so many familiar faces here and see the familiar backs of the laptops here in the room and here in Dallas. And I also want to thank all of you up there out in the web for joining us for this multi-hour webcast. I know we're all at this point, tired of doing a long webcast, but hopefully, we've made it worth your while and giving you a lot of good information about the company. So by now, you've had a chance to hear from my colleagues about the strong momentum we have in the market despite investor sentiment that has been decidedly negative about the progress we're making on the Ameritrade integration and our excitement about the considerable opportunities that the combination enables about our ambitious but achievable agenda to create and to continue building the premier wealth management platform for retail clients and for RIAs. And finally, about our confidence in sustaining this enviable level of organic growth we've been able to deliver. So in my time today, I'll recap yet another year of record financial performance in the face of a mixed environment that featured both headwinds and tailwinds. I'll also provide some more empirical data and some more information analysis around our clients' behavior with regarding to their cash and explain why we're confident that this behavior will abate during 2023. And we'll see at some point this year a resumption of deposit growth. And finally, I'll talk about our outlook for 2023, a year that Walt described in his comments as a transitional year. A transition for our economy as the Fed seems poised to pause this tightening cycle, a transition for our organization as we shift our focus beyond the integration to the considerable opportunities that this union creates and a transition for us as well from our financial performance. As we're poised to produce revenue growth that may be a little bit lower than what we've seen in the last couple of years, there's a [head] even, and this is really important, even if rates fall in the outer years as many expect. So let's talk about some of the factors that contributed to that record financial. So it's a year ago at this meeting, it was virtual, but we laid out our scenario for the year. And the scenario used -- assumed a number of pretty conventional assumptions. And most important of which was the expectation at the time by the market that we'd see 75 basis points of Fed increases over the course of 2022. Now of course, the year unfolded very, very differently than we, or pretty much anyone else expected, with the Fed actually hiking rates 75 basis points almost every meeting, but every other key measure falling over the course of the year. [Natural] performance reflected the resilience of our business model amidst these combination of headwinds and tailwinds. Revenue increased by 12% year-over-year, a function of our expanding net interest margin, which more than offset the decline in client cash balances and margin balances and trading and, of course, the impact of the declining equity markets. We contained our expense growth despite that revenue outperformance and continued high inflation and increases in some third-party pass-through fees, we contained our expense growth within the range that we communicated. And that combination produced a 50% adjusted pre-tax margin, our highest best year ever and 20% growth in adjusted earnings per share to $3.90. Turning our attention to the balance sheet. Our balance sheet reflected the reaction by our clients to the dramatic increase in rates. As they move some of their uninvested cash off our balance sheet into higher-yielding alternatives oftentimes with our active help and encouragement. Total balance sheet assets declined 17% for the year, driven by declines in both bank deposits as well as payables to brokerage clients. While we finished the year with roughly $17 billion of FHLB advances and other short-term borrowings. Now within interest-earning assets, we saw a 28% reduction in margin balances, a function of the more negative investor sentiment as well as higher rates. But we did see a 17% increase in bank loans owing to a lot of what my colleagues talked about. Despite the higher rates, we continue to have a remarkably strong pipeline of loans certainly relative to those pre-pandemic levels. Now our stockholders' equity declined function of declines in our available for sale mark-to-market unrealized declines in our available-for-sale portfolio. Of course, those don't impact our regulatory capital. So with that, despite that, our consolidated Tier 1 leverage ratio climbed 100 basis points to finish well above our operating objective of [6.50]% to [6.75]%. Now we've talked for years to do 2 things: to deliver strong financial performance top line growth, organic growth, and at the same time, deliver significant capital -- return significant capital to our stockholders. And I think 2022 demonstrated our ability to do all that, because even as we were producing that record financial performance, we increased our dividend. We bought back 47 million shares of stock, and we redeemed $1 billion by our outstanding preferred. That is growth plus -- we talked about growth plus capital return. 2022 was a great example of growth plus capital return. Now it's been just over a year since we closed the acquisition of Ameritrade. And my colleagues have talked about the strategic benefits of that acquisition, and also about the considerable revenue and expense synergy that it unlocks. And those are certainly the most important aspects of the deal. But the union of these 2 companies also creates a company with a more all-weather diversified business model. And I think it's helpful to see that to compare our performance in the fourth quarter this year to the first quarter we were a combined company with fourth quarter 2020. Now remember, that was a period of time when we had been enjoying an unprecedented level of trading activity, a function of the COVID and the introduction of a lot of newer investors into the category. So our financial performance in that fourth quarter was the best financial performance in our company's history. And since then, equity markets have fallen. We've seen trading activity has about a -- over a 30% increase in revenue. Over 40 -- 45% increase in adjusted earnings per share, we increased our pretax margin by roughly 600 basis points in just those last two years. So I mentioned in the CFO commentary last week that we've entered what we believe is the later innings of the client cash sorting cycle. I said not the -- It's not the Mariano Rivera innings. This is not necessarily the last inning, but the later innings of this cycle. And so we wanted to build off the commentary we provided at the fall business update to explain this and explain why we're confident this is the case. And while again, we'll see a resumption of the balance sheet -- or the deposit growth over the course of 2023. So our clients -- recall that our clients tend to keep a certain level of transactional cash in their accounts for liquidity purposes. And as their cash levels approach those level, the cash that we received from new accounts offset any lingering sorting activity that we see in the existing accounts. And this is a graph that explains how that looks. Now this is a particular wealth tier, a particular tier of clients who have, for example, between $1 million, let's say, $1 million and $2.5 million of total assets in their account. We've done this analysis across 30 different wealth tiers, across 5 different client segments and the pattern is exactly the same. And what you see and what these lines represent is different cohorts of clients within that well tier based off of how much cash they had at the beginning of the rising rate cycle. And so the upper one, of course, has more cash and lower one has less cash. And again, we've done this for multiple we've shown 2 here, but we've done this for multiple cohorts of clients based off of their cash levels. And what you see, of course, is that as interest rates increase, those cash balances for that entire cohort start declining, but they don't decline to zero. They declined, they sort of converge around this, we call here an equilibrium line or what we called previously that floor. And really importantly, the pace of that decline, the pace of that sorting roughly corresponds to the distance they are from their cash levels are from that equilibrium level. Now that may not be totally cash with clients whose cash balance are below that level at the outset of the rising rate cycle. And what we see there is their cash balances actually increase. And this is why we say you better to think of this more as an equilibrium versus a floor. The point is even clients who start up with low cash even as rates are increasing -- even as rates have increased by 400-plus basis points from last year. They're actually increasing the level of transactional cash level of cash on our balance sheet during that period of time. Again, we supports this idea that there is this equilibrium level of transactional cash that clients want to maintain. Now we've seen this -- we saw this pattern in the last rising rate cycle, and we've seen it in this rising rate cycle as it is holding true here. There's another example of another demonstration of the existence of that equilibrium level. And each of these lines represent a group of clients who place their foot during that month. And what you see is they place -- they start using purchase money funds, and they basically reduce their cash level to a certain equilibrium level. And then they're content with that. It doesn't go to zero. You stay at that level. And regardless of when they start that process, they all end basically in the same place. Then there is this level of transactional cash within the different accounts. And of course, it varies based on how much assets they have in their account. But each of those have a pretty consistent level of equilibrium transaction cash they want to have on their account. So what we've seen is that the sorting activity that we have seen thus far follows almost identically cycle. It's following the same behavior, the same behavior that we saw from the 2015 through 2019 cycle. And we continue to believe that the magnitude of the sorting activity for existing clients will be not that much different from what we saw in the previous cycle. And therefore, at some point, during 2023, that sorting activity will continue to slow, and it will be offset by organic cash that comes in via new accounts, and we'll see a return of deposit growth. So our success in 2022 puts us in a great position as we head into 2023. But even so, there are, as always, a number of -- which we have various degrees of control. So now for the long waited much anticipated scenario. There's clearly a debate in the market about what's going to happen with Fed policy and frankly, even a debate between what the market expects and what the Fed expects. And so rather than try to take a stand on that debate, we put together first one roughly follows the forward curve, market expectations for 2 rate increases at the beginning of the year and then a rate cut at the end of the year. And the second dot plus, so three Fed hikes over the course of the beginning of the year held constant throughout the year. And then those different scenarios share a handful of common assumptions. One is that deposit betas that continue to be below. Second is end of period -- or December average interest-earning assets down between 8% and 12% from the end of 2022 with a portion of that decline being our expected reduction in some of those temporary funding sources by December. Third is we're calling BDA breakage fees. This is a breakage fee that we incur. It [counts] as a contra revenue from removing the third-party fixed rate balances from the BDA. Now we pay a breakage fee as we do that. These are fixed rate balances. We have the opportunity to reinvest those now prevailing higher yields or use that to offset higher cost funding. And then a capital payout ratio a well in excess of 100% for the year. And you can see for those two scenarios in the lower scenario, we'd expect to produce revenue growth in the 5% to 7% range. On the upper scenario 7% to 9%. Both scenarios we'd anticipate a change, which I'll talk about more in a moment with an adjusted pre-tax margin of 48%, 49% or potentially a low, but better than that. So let me talk about the different components that go into these -- we'll start on the revenue side with our net interest margin. Assuming that rates follow the forward curve, and actually, when we see -- we potentially see a rate declines in the outer years, we would see our net interest margin climbing into the low 2 6s by the fourth quarter of 2023 on a path to exceed 3% by the end of 2025. If interest rates are falling, how could that be? And the reason for that is because our fixed investment portfolio -- fixed investment securities portfolio, much of that was purchased during the period in 2020, 2021, when -- you see on the right here, the average yield on those securities. And so as those securities pay down, mature, et cetera, we have the opportunity to reinvest those proceeds in the market. So rates could follow. I mean these yields are more than 300 basis points lower than they are today if we were to replace those securities. So rates could still fall and we still have a nice opportunity to pick up yield as that investment -- fixed investment portfolio turns over in the outer years. Now that 7% to 8% adjusted expense growth is certainly a little bit higher than our long-term average that we've allowed in our -- over our history, but it puts us in a really good position to limit expense growth in '24 and '25 to no more than 5% per year as we harness the remaining expense synergies from the Ameritrade integration. Schwab DNA. It's one of the hallmarks of what you can count on for Schwab for much of our history. We are on a multi-decade journey to drive our expense on client assets ever lower. We see it as a really important competitive advantage when we don't want to -- we certainly don't want to take it for granted. The #1 way you can drive EOCA, expense on client assets, lower is to grow. And the way to grow is to do right by clients. And so there's always a balance between managing expenses in the near term while making appropriate investments in our clients and our business to support long-term growth. I think our track record speaks our ability to find that balance, our ability to grow, to drive down EOCA over time and to deliver operating leverage through the cycle so does the expense growth. So we start with our GAAP spending last year of $11.4 billion. And we deduct about $1 billion of integration expense and that gets us to our adjusted expense number. And we layer on top of that what we call fundamental operating expense. This is our sort of normal routine expenses to support our growing client base to handle moderating but still elevated levels of inflation and to advance the strategic agenda that my colleagues talked about. Now this year, we have -- on top of that, we have other institutions have talked about a 2 basis point increase in the FDIC premium. We expect that to add about 0.5 point to 1 percentage point to our growth rate. And then this next item is one I talked about last year, and I don't expect I'll be talking about it next year, but these are basically integration-related spending that's still included within our adjusted expenses. There's really three components to that. One is software that we're developing for the integration. Joe talked about that, all the work for example we're doing on to bring thinker slim over to sit on top of the Schwab platform. The software we're doing to ensure a smooth client experience. Second component is hardware, which we -- most of which we added last year to support the combined client base at conversion to support growth in the years ahead. And we're admittedly a bit conservative in terms of the capacity we added, but this will allow us to decommission a lot of the legacy Ameritrade hardware. And then the third is something that Jonathan talked about, which is temporary surge staffing to handle what we expect to be a high volume of calls around the conversion events. And so you put all those together, and that adds about 2 to 2.5 percentage points of growth. Benefit of the synergies -- most of these are the synergies that we -- or actions we took in 2022, and we got the full year benefit of them in 2023. And that's how you get to this number, our expectations for the year. So before I close, we're certainly gratified by the financial performance of the company over the last couple of years. I think those of you who have followed this company for a long period of time, and I think that includes pretty much everyone in this room, know that we don't manage the company quarter-to-quarter. We have a long-term orientation, which is borne of our confidence that our Through Clients' Eyes strategy has delivered and should continue to deliver for clients and stockholders over a long period of time. And so before we close, I wanted to zoom up from the conversation around 2022 and 2023, and look at how that financial formula we've talked about in the past has performed at last -- and it starts, of course, with our Through Clients' Eyes strategy, our competitive positioning, generating strong, consistent organic growth, which when you combine that with the low double-digit asset growth. Through our business model, the combined banking, brokerage and asset management, we're able to assure in some parts of our business with win-win monetization opportunities elsewhere, converting that level of asset growth an equivalent level of revenue growth. By managing our expenses to grow at a pace slower than the growth in revenue, we're able to expand margins and generate even faster growth in earnings. And then by being thoughtful around how we manage our capital. We're able to generate even stronger growth in our earnings per share. How has that done over the last 20 years? Certainly quite well. So that financial formula has absolutely delivered for clients and of course, delivery for stockholders for the last 20 years. It starts, of course, with our ability to grow assets. And both Walt and Rick talked about the strong organic growth and how we've been able to sustain that organic growth even as we become a bigger firm. That is the key ingredient here. It's that Through Clients' Eyes strategy disrupting they do that. We focus on our clients. They reward us with more of their business, and they also refer their friends to us. Over time, we've overcoming the decline of equity -- long march of equity commission to zero and the shift from a lot of client assets from mutual funds into ETFs trading and asset management fees, all without taking any material credit risk. Now net interest revenue is, of course, the product of net interest margin and our interest-earning assets. And as we've seen in the last 9 months, those can sometimes move in different ways. It can be cyclical, but Sickle cyclical will go in opposite directions. But the point is because of that, we're able to grow together. By thoughtfully managing our expenses, we've been able to increase our margins over time. And then by being equally thoughtful in terms of how we manage our -- very efficient in how we manage our capital. We've been able to reward our stockholders by increasing our dividend and by opportunistically buying back our stock with a payout ratio over the last 5 years. Let me just close with a couple of thoughts. Almost $430 billion in net new assets, a 12% increase in revenue, 20% -- 50% adjusted pre-tax margin. We're certainly proud of the financial performance of the company, especially in light of what has been a challenging environment for many companies. I'd say we're even more proud about how we've been there for our clients during this tough period of time. Somebody asked me the other day recently kind of what's the investment thesis for Schwab today? And I said the investment thesis for Schwab today is the same as it's been for much of our history. It's not just a bet on higher interest rates or a snapback in the equity markets. Well, certainly, both of those would be beneficial to our business. Rather, it's the confidence in a company whose strategy and who is operating in financial performance -- function of our strategy were no trade-offs positioning of the millions, now tens of millions of client promoters we have among our client base and our leading position in the two fastest-growing segments of Wealth Management, the RIA channel and the retail brokerage channel. It's a company that has been consistently able to turn that asset growth in resilient business model, a company that doesn't take credit risk. A company that is thoughtful about how it manages expenses. That does always mean growing expenses at the lowest rate in the industry necessarily. It means striking that careful balance between delivering in the near term and making appropriate investments that will drive long-term growth, long-term success for our clients and for our business. And a company that recognizes that its not our capital, its our stockholders' capital, and always being very, very mindful and being very, very efficient. Thats been the investment thesis for much of our history. And I think that -- I'm very confident that will be the investment thesis for us for the next 20 years. So with that, I'm happy to take some questions. And we already have our first hand up.
Richard Repetto : So Peter, it looks like the market was probably expected a little bit less on the expense side. When you look at expenses, you sort of point to what a run rate father out the 4% to 5%. And I guess, what gives us the confidence, if you look at back now, we've been at 7%, I believe the last couple of years, is that right? So could you go over what keeps -- and how do we get the confidence that you can get to the 4% to 5% that you're looking at in the outer years?
Peter Crawford : Sure. So tried to lay out a increase from '22 to '23. I mean the biggest single one was the integration-related spending. Now that's not a -- just to be clear, that's the surge staffing to handle those call volumes, a large portion of that will reverse and will go down in 2024. So that will be a helpful offset to our other expense growth. And then the software and hardware depreciation and amortization, that's -- a lot of that's on hardware that we put into place in '22. And so we're already having the full year impact of that. So I wouldnt expect another step up in that expense as we go into 2024. 2024 and '25 are also the years where we harness the expense synergies. And so that's going to be very, very helpful. Remember, we said that the vast majority of remaining expense synergies would not necessarily be harnessed until we get through the client conversions. With that last client conversion in 2024, that's the year we really unlock that remaining roughly 1/3 of the expense synergies. So that's also a driver of that 45% expense growth. Rich, it's always -- we always a balance when we think about our expenses. And we want to drive down that EOCA, I believe, the most important thing is to make sure we're there for our clients. We will always make that trade-off to make sure where they're there for our clients because we know as important as it is to manage expenses, staying true to our clients, doing right by our clients, that is even more important. And so we want to be thoughtful around how we manage expenses, drive that expense on client assets down over time. And we think this is a plan to get -- to continue to do that.
Brennan Hawken : Almost like I should let Brennan go first after last time. So I wanted to talk about the slide, Peter, showing the trajectory to that 3% NIM. It's consistent with what you outlined at the last business update. At the same time, we have seen long end rates come in a fair amount. And I was hoping you could speak to what enables you to hold the line at that 3% given some of the pressures that we've seen at the long end.
Peter Crawford : Well, it's really a function of, as I mentioned, I mean, there's not any unusual assumptions in there around sort of outsized margin balance growth it assumes continued growth and margin balances consistent with the growth in the market and continued growth in our lending solutions that we talked about -- but it really is the -- a more significant driver of that is the repricing, resetting the yields on the fixed investment portfolio at those prevailing higher prices. And where the market is at 3.75% or 4%, that pickup is still very significant as we continue to reinvest those maturing proceeds. Thats the real advantage of -- that we have of having that sort of unlocked earnings power stored up that we'll be able to unleash as we reinvest that fixed investment portfolio.
Brennan Hawken : Peter. So I actually have a longer-term strategic question, but a couple of just tactical questions just because you dropped a lot on this. The interest earning outlook -- the interesting asset outlook, does that contemplate the FHLB borrowing and does it include it? And are you still thinking that the mid-single-digit as a percentage of interest-earning assets is an upward bound for some of those alternative funding.
Peter Crawford : So the interest earning asset assumption down 8% to 12% over the course of the year assumes that we've reduced those interest-earning assets significantly by the end of 2023. In terms of your second question around the mid-single digits, I guess it depends on how you define mid-single digit, I mean it might be mid, might be up or mid, somewhere in that range, whether it's -- but the most important point is it's a temporary funding source that we expect will be paid off as we see a resumption in sort of core deposit growth.
Brennan Hawken : Okay. And then on the strategic side, sort of taking a step back, you -- about a dozen years ago, you transitioned to the bank as sort of one of the main pistons in the earnings engine for Schwab. And you've been through a couple of cycles. We now have what's called Cat term. When you look back and you think about that transition, number one, do you still feel good about it as far as the right decision to make for shareholders and for the company? And then how are you thinking about making some adjustments from here?
Peter Crawford : Yes. Great question. Yes. I mean I'm very grateful that we launched the bank when we did to continue to grow revenue as we've grown assets -- continue to be successful as we've grown assets. It's a more efficient way to monetize our clients' uninvested cash balances. And that's what's allowed us thrive I missed an environment where equity commissions were going to where we saw a movement of client assets out of Mutual Fund 1 source into ETFs and index funds. And I think what's interesting about the bank, though, is while it started out a little bit more as a way to monetize our clients on invested cash. Its role has evolved. It's now a really important strategic capability for us. Because as Jonathan and Bernie and Neesha, Rick, Walt all talked about, we are competing against big banks and warehouses. And this lending, our ability to offer lending solutions -- very compelling lending solutions at a very low cost is really, really important, both defensively and offensively for us. So it absolutely allows us to compete against those firms, compete for clients, retain the clients that we have. Very, very important capability for us that is out.
Michael Cyprys : Great. Mike Cyprys, Morgan Stanley. Just wanted to follow up on your point around sorting will abate likely in '23. I guess if we look at labor market remains very tight, some questions out there that the Fed may have to hike even more than what anyone expects today. So if that plays out -- if that other scenario plays out, and we're sitting here a year from now when rates are sorting abating in '23, it impact that down 8 to 12 on IAs.
Peter Crawford : So we think that we're at a rate now of the Fed funds rate, short-term rates, where incremental rate moves increases don't have a material impact in terms of level of sorting or the client is going to move into a purchase money fund when personal funds are yielding 5.25%. They're probably going to move in personally [consuming] 4.75%. We're at a point now where, again, that determination, that decision is not a huge factor. So I wouldn't expect that to be a big impact. While at the same time, of course, higher rates will be good for us in terms of the floating rate assets that we have margin loans, the segregated cap. Should we take one just maybe from the web before we -- from the web now. We're okay.
Craig Siegenthaler : Sure. Yes. We can take one staying kind of on the sorting cycle. This would be -- we've got a few questions with the most recent one on this topic would be from Craig Siegenthaler at Bank of America. Talk a little bit about how investor utilization, for example, in bull markets, they tend to rotate out of cash and become net buyers of equities, could that create some kind of synthetic additional leg of sorting or...
Peter Crawford : Yes, I would say a couple of things. Our client behavior regarding their cash is much more determined by the -- in terms of the cash per account is much more influenced by a level of interest rates and is by what's happening with the equity markets. When clients -- what we tend to see the impact from the equity markets is typically equity markets -- if the equity markets drop dramatically, cash comes on to the balance sheet, but a big lag. And of course, an environment where I think that you're getting at is equity markets, we suddenly see a big rally in the equity markets. That clearly is a net positive for Schwab, right? If we see a dramatic rise in equity markets, all the asset-based fees, those go up, the measures of the client engagement tend to follow. So we tend to see more margin utilization, more trading more securities lending revenue, all of those, that is absolutely a net positive for Schwab on that. And I would -- any impact on client cash allocations tends to be very delayed and much more muted relative to the impact of interest rates.
Kyle Voigt : Kyle Voigt, KBW. Just given that you're above target -- your target on Tier leverage coming into 2023 and considering the additional expected decline in the balance sheet in 2023. I would expect the payout ratio could be meaningfully above the kind of 125% level that you laid out in the slide. Just wondering how we should think about the Tier 1 leverage ratio as we progress through this year, given that your deposits have been volatile over the past couple of years with the growth and then the decline. Is there an additional buffer above that 6.5 to 6.75 range that we should be thinking about you wanting to keep throughout this year? -- should we think that Tier leverage could actually move closer to the 6.75 as we progress?
Peter Crawford : Yes. So we've set our buybacks into the opportunistic, not programmatic. But I would say -- and I think you're absolutely right. The payout ratio could be significantly above that 125% level. We wanted to make sure we gave ourselves a lot of a lot of leeway there. I'd expect that we will continue to buy back our stock, again, opportunistically and bring that leverage ratio down over the course of the year. In terms of maintaining, I don't see the need to necessarily maintain some buffer. We already that 6 50 to 6 75 is a buffer on top of the buffer. Now if we saw a dramatic change in the market that we anticipate a dramatic incline sheet, that might be a situation where we say, okay, let's slow this down. But if we're in a situation we're in right now, I think we'd be bringing that Tier 1 leverage ratio down from where it is today over time.
Daniel Fannon : Peter, maybe one more in the scenario. Just directionally has to be from Dan Fannon at Jefferies. Could you elaborate a little bit more on some of the other we'll say, client-driven metrics that might be baked into the scenarios that you shared. So in terms of how should folks think about trading levels relative to recent periods, margin utilization, et cetera?
Peter Crawford : Yes. So you can see all the -- I should have mentioned this, you can see all those assumptions in the appendix. And certainly, you're welcome to follow up with the IR team in terms of the specifics, given the answer of time, I won't go through kind of all those different assumptions. But they're there's so a pretty relatively conventional assumptions, not dissimilar from what we assume every year when we provide our scenarios.
Richard Repetto : So Peter, I believe last quarter, at least versus our estimates, the BDA, there appear to be some sorting going on with BDA, and you commented about the unique arrangement with TD Bank. So I guess the question is -- we didn't expect the BDA to, at least from what I remember and talking to Ameritrade, it didn't really sort last cycle. So are you making the same assumptions on the BDA that your approach to seek equilibrium? What are you incorporate -- is it -- it's 6% of revenue, but is it meaningful enough to have an impact?
Peter Crawford : Terminology that Jonathan referenced there, is the green clients, as we would expect, the green clients do tend to sort less than the blue clients. And that's smaller accounts, more trading-oriented. What's also different though is the green clients tend to be a little bit more responsive to the market. And so what we've actually been seeing is as the market has been declining a lot of Ameritrade clients are looking at as an opportunity to buy into the market. And so we've actually seen earlier not actually inflows even as the market has been declining, and that's been one of the drivers -- big drivers of those -- the decline in the BDA balances.
Brennan Hawken: So following up on that, I think in your slide, there was the $100 million BDA breakage. Can you discuss some of the mechanics of that? So what does that do -- is that what you pay to basically break the ladder and then you can -- what sort of percentage of that BDA would move into float? And what are the underlying assumptions around the continued maybe -- are you assuming the balances keep declining kind of to the extent the rate was [asking].
Peter Crawford : Yes. So the way to think about that breakage fee is essentially is like the market -- those are what we're essentially breaking as our fixed rate investments for lack of a better term. And so that breakage fee is roughly equivalent to the mark-to-market on those fixed rate investments. So from an NPV standpoint, it's neutral to positive for us from a net present value standpoint because we can take those proceeds and reinvest at higher yields. In terms of the BDA assumptions going forward, I think it's fair to assume that the BDA balances declined by roughly $10 billion a year until we get to the $50 billion floor, so we're 6 or 7 years away from that. There's a lot of sort of moving pieces within it and a lot of acronyms we can throw at you. But that, I think, if you're trying to model the business over the next 5, 6, 7 years, 10 years, I would assume that the BDA balances decline by roughly $10 billion a year until we get that $50 billion floor. I think we have time maybe for one more question.
Unidentified Analyst: So Brennan actually asked the question. It seems like that was due or at least some certainly deserved. But does the IA guidance assume in the incremental BDA sweeps as well, Peter, as we think about the 8% to 12% decline that's being contemplated.
Peter Crawford : So the 8% to 12% decline seems airy for all the actions that we're planning on taking in 2023. Yes. That's sort of everything. There's nothing we're holding out through us separately from that. But again, I want to emphasize that assumes a reduction in some of those temporary funding sources, the CDs, FHLB, et cetera, that we had of 2022, our expectation is majority of that is gone by the end of 2023.
Peter Crawford : So I think we're just about out of time. I'm sure there's no shortage of questions. Certainly, the IR team is always available to answer any follow-up questions for hanging in there. We really appreciate you taking the time to certainly understand this company. Hopefully, what came through is my colleagues and I spoke, is a combination of excitement and about the opportunities we have to continue driving strong organic growth, continue unlocking revenue opportunities, continue doing better for our clients and continue driving greater efficiency. And then the confidence, trusting that our strategy has worked through good times and bad times, and our track record speak for itself. That's certainly what makes us all feel very excited. We look forward to engaging with you again at our April Business Update. Thank you again for those of you who have traveled here to Westlake, thank you for those on the web for joining us for the last 4-plus hours, and we look forward to talking to you soon. Cheers.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-27 16:00:00) =====
Jeff Edwards: Good morning, everyone, from the Lone Star state, and welcome to Schwab's 2023 Spring Business Update. This is Jeff Edwards, Head of Investor Relations, and I'm joined today by our Co-Chairman and CEO, Walt Bettinger; President, Rick Wurster and CFO, Peter Crawford. Before we jump into the presentation, I'd like to touch on a few housekeeping items. Today's setup is obviously a little bit unique with the business update immediately following this morning's release of our strong first quarter results. That being said, our time here today will still be dedicated to providing you with a broad strategic update of our growing business. Similar to past events, I will be helping facilitate Q&A. So given recent events, the team has a fair amount they like to share with you. So dedicated Q&A time may end up being slightly shorter than usual. Therefore, it is very important that we all strictly adhere to the one question, no follow-up format that has been in place now for several quarters. And we also ask that you vector clarifying a more tactical questions regarding the recently reported quarter to the IR team. Today's slides should be available on the IR website momentarily. And finally, before we move on, let's not forget the mighty wall of words, which reminds us all that the future is uncertain, so please stay in touch with our disclosures. I'd like to turn it over to Walt then.
Walt Bettinger: Thank you, Jeff, and hello, everyone. Thanks for joining us for our April business update. This is an important opportunity for our team at Schwab to speak directly with all of you to speak with accuracy and facts and to speak with clarity and transparency. We know that the past few weeks have been very challenging for long-term stockholders, which, of course, all of our executives at Schwab are also, me included. Let me start by making a few crystal clear statements. First, our clients, although curious and somewhat surprised about the downward movement in our stock price, remain fully engaged with us and are bringing substantial assets to Schwab on both the retail side and the RIA advisor side. We are winning in the marketplace among clients. Anyone suggesting otherwise, is mistaken. Simply put, our franchise strength and financial model remain very much intact. Second, we did not and have not changed our multi-decade approach to conservatively managing our bank balance sheet. Any suggestions to the contrary of that are false. And although our near-term cost of funding are higher than recent historical levels, and as a result, will impact our near-term earnings. This cost is temporary and should diminish over the coming quarters and could wind down between now and the end of 2024. And third, we are well into the execution of the conversion of the former Ameritrade clients to Schwab. And as we progress through this conversion and beyond, we will ultimately realize substantial expense savings, well beyond the remaining $500 million to $600 million we originally committed to as part of the Ameritrade integration synergies. Now looking at the first quarter, it was a complex environment for investors. Although the equity markets overall performed quite well, investor sentiment was actually quite negative throughout the quarter. The Fed raised interest rates another 50 basis points, while the 5- and 10-year yield on treasuries fell by 39 and 40 basis points, respectively. And yet despite negative investor sentiment, this wasn't reflected in our clients' engagement with us. Clients entrusted us with over $130 billion in core net new assets, with the monthly level increasing each of the 3 months of the quarter, peaking with over $50 billion in March and achieving an organic growth rate in excess of 7%, once again validating our long-term track record of growing client assets in every economic environment. In addition to growth in client assets, clients remained engaged with us in other areas with another quarter of over 1 million new client accounts, over 5 million daily average trades, a Client Promoter Score or Net Promoter Score of 66 and almost $9 billion moved into our investment advisory solutions. Let's go ahead and transition from our client results to discuss some of the corporate financial areas that have been in the press on the minds of investors. And in too many cases, falsely described by some competitors who have tried without much success, is evidenced by our near record March level of net new asset flows to scare clients into leaving Schwab. Again, our franchise and financial model are strong. We have substantial liquidity. We have capital well in excess of regulatory requirements, and our strong profit margins deliver ongoing organic capital formation, which can be used to meet future capital needs. We have industry-leading levels of FDIC insured balances at our bank, our investors' bank. Our balance sheet and investments were and are conservatively managed and managed in a manner consistent with how we have managed our bank balance sheet for the last 2 decades. And for our long-term stockholders, we have great confidence, and our ability to deliver a combination of growth and capital return, just as we have for almost 50 years. So I'd like to go into a bit more detail now on each one of these statements. I've publicly stated multiple times and in multiple formats that we cannot foresee any plausible scenario where we would have to sell securities to meet the liquidity needs of our clients, and that's not an accident. Because we have always planned for the potential of time periods where high liquidity needs exceed our available cash. Of course, these time periods tend to occur when the Fed is raising interest rates rapidly. And while this cycle of interest rate increases has been historically rapid, leading clients to realign their investment cash more quickly than we had predicted. Our advanced planning ensured that we would have the necessary liquidity to meet their demands. We prepare in part by minimizing the issuance of CDs and/or borrowing from the FHLB during more normal times, effectively keeping that dry powder for periods of higher liquidity needs. Of course, accessing this higher cost funding is not something we expect to be anything other than temporary, currently projected to wind down over the next 7 quarters and be largely gone by year-end 2024. I would certainly hope that by this point in time, the short driven speculation that we would find ourselves in a position where we would be forced to sell securities that have temporary paper losses has been put to bed. From a capital standpoint, we have solid levels today, well in excess of regulatory requirements. And we understand the possibility that the AOCI opt-out might well be eliminated and the questions that, that raises about the potential need for capital. At this point, if this scenario does play out and a reasonable time frame is afforded to build the capital to support this change, we feel confident today in our ability to build the necessary capital organically, given our strong profit margins. Even in the stressed market environment this past quarter, we achieved an adjusted pretax margin of almost 46%. And even under some of the most pessimistic scenarios for the future, we are at least 40% pretax. And of course, our unrealized marks on certain securities decline over time, and they've also declined as interest rates have modestly moderated, declines that you'll see happening when you review our first quarter 10-Q. The conservative nature of our bank management is also reflected in the very high percentage of deposits insured under the FDIC limit. At quarter end, approximately 86% of our bank deposits were under the FDIC insured limits. In addition, these deposits are spread among tens of millions of investor accounts. And lastly, there are no groups of investors or advisers who directly influence or encourage collective behavior. The 10 RIA firms whose clients hold the greatest amount of cash on our bank balance sheet, account for barely 2% of total bank deposits and the average transactional cash per account for those RIA firms is less than $13,000. I hope these facts remove any concerns about some sort of ordinated action potentially happening that would meaningfully impact our bank deposits. This is a very important slide. I'd like to dive deeper into our clients' cash behaviors. I know this is a critical area of interest, particularly as it could apply to future levels of bank balance sheet cash and client cash realignments. As I've discussed in the past, when interest rates are near 0, clients tend to co-mingle their transactional cash and their longer-term investment cash together. Of course, there's very little incentive during times like that to move their investment cash into solutions that offer higher yields than bank sweep. But when interest rates rise, we reach out to clients and suggest they consider realigning their investment cash into other solutions, whatever the client sees fit, whether that would be a purchase money fund -- a purchase money market fund, a CD, a treasury security or another appropriate cash solution that the client is interested in. And of course, this has been taking place, predominantly inside Schwab, as rates have been rising over the past year or so. The rate, pace and ultimate level of this realigning has a large impact on our near-term financial results. So not surprising, we study it closely, and we have models that estimate how it will unfold. By several measures we study, we believe that this cash realigning process is now slowing and getting closer to its endpoint, which should then likely reverse to a stage where bank balance sheet cash begins to grow as a result of our organic net new asset growth as well as new accounts that we attract. Now in terms of the slide, we've included a chart that goes back to 2004, and it illustrates multiple time frames where interest rates were relatively high as well as several time frames where interest rates were near 0, often referred to as ZIRP periods. When we study this information, RIA per account basis, what we see as the most accurate way to model this. Transactional cash per account is down to an average of approximately $10,400, a level as low as we have seen in the past 20 years and down about 50% from the peak period during the COVID pandemic. From a percent standpoint, transactional cash per account is at a 20-year low of approximately 5%. Now could it go lower? Yes, of course, but we believe it is closer than ever to finding its ending point. Here's why. If you look at daily Schwab Bank cash movements, a key metric for identifying trends far more important than a quarterly summary. February of this year was lower than January. And if we adjust for the single day after the Silicon Valley Bank failure, where cash movement was modestly elevated, March was lower on a per day basis than February. And through the first half of April, even allowing for tax payments, April is also lower than March, measurably lower. Lastly, it's important to recognize that while some clients did readjust their cash allocations in response to the Silicon Valley Bank failure by buying treasuries or CDs or moving from prime money funds to treasury or government money funds, we also saw a sharp increase in new cash coming into Schwab, consistent with being a safe port in the storm. Now this slide is also a particularly important one as it provides factual information around a topic that has been fraught with inaccuracies in the press and blogs alike that incredibly to me often relied on speculative information from short sellers and competitors. Schwab Bank is a bank for investors. We manage client cash at our bank conservatively and consistently. We manage this cash in the same way we've managed it for the 20 years that we've had our bank. We make what we consider to be conservative loans, almost exclusively to our existing investment clients. Now these loans are either backed by our client securities portfolio or loans against their personal real estate. This makes up about 12% of our assets. We do not make commercial loans as speculated by one of our competitors on national television. The balance is invested primarily in securities. And with this balance, we look to manage credit risk by investing between 85% and 90% in securities backed by the U.S. government or its agencies. That's our approach to credit risk. Now let's talk about duration risk. Again, an area that has been fraught with misinformation. First, let me begin by saying it's important not to confuse as unfortunately some less than savvy alleged researchers and analysts have that maturity or weighted average life is not the same as duration. We have many floating rate securities that have a long life, but essentially zero duration and therefore, do not contribute to negative marks with higher interest rates. And of course, offer increased yields as rates rise. Second, we do not now and never have tried to guess future interest rate movements. Doing so is a fool's game. It's like trying to guess stock market movements. We don't guess and we don't try to time interest rate movements. Our approach is very straight forward. We have historically managed our bank investment portfolio to a duration range between 2.75 and 4 years. And we were approximately 3.5 years as rates began to rise in mid-2022, admittedly, nearer the higher end of our historic range than the lower end of fair criticism. Importantly, our overall duration across the firm's aggregate balance sheets, which includes the banks and the broker-dealers, was about 2.5 years. That is it, not 5, not 10, but 2.5 years. And we all know that even at 2.5 years, this is not low enough to avoid temporary paper losses when rates rise close to 500 basis points in a year. We just felt it was important to be transparent on where we were as this rising rate cycle began. So again, we did not change our historic approach during the COVID pandemic. Contrary to some items I've read and heard, we did not buy securities that would take us out of our historic duration range. But even more bluntly, we did not go out and load up our securities portfolio with long-dated bonds during the pandemic period. Now it can be a fair criticism that we should have changed our 2-decade approach to consistently maintaining a relatively short-term duration bank portfolio during the COVID pandemic in favor of holding primarily cash. That's fair to say. And if we would have known that the Federal Reserve was going to raise rates faster than they ever have in history, in retrospect, that would have been a brilliant move to make. What we did do was to begin to build up higher levels of liquid cash in late 2021 as transitory comments about inflation from the Federal Reserve waned and in early 2022 as the Federal Reserve began discussing increases in interest rates. We increased our normal cash allocation about $60 billion. But given the pace that the Federal Reserve raised rates and therefore, the pace of the resolving client cash realigning, again, in retrospect, $60 billion was not nearly enough, and that led to our need to execute on our other liquidity measures. I started my comments by making clear that our financial model and franchise strength are intact. So the obvious question is, how this manifests itself in terms of earnings growth and our ability to deliver for our stockholders? It's well understood that the temporary cost of higher funding from CDs and FHLB loans will impact our near-term revenue growth and earnings. Hopefully, it is also well understood that, as these borrowings are paid off, that will be an accelerant to our medium-term earnings. But as client cash realigning moderates and eventually reverses and the headwinds from higher cost, temporary funding sources diminishes over the next 7 quarters, what remains? What remains is an extraordinary company. We have a diverse client base spread across approximately 35 million accounts. We have a track record of delivering exceptionally strong organic asset growth in every environment. We are completing the integration of the former Ameritrade client base and adding world-class trading capabilities, along with approximately 10 million new clients, who will be exposed to all the additional products and services that Schwab offers that were not available at Ameritrade, and millions of existing Schwab clients will be exposed to the world-class retail trading platforms that were previously only available to Ameritrade clients. And as a result of the integration process winding down, along with investments that we have made in enhancing efficiency during this integration process, we will be in a position to substantially reduce operating expenses. Again, as I stated, well beyond the remaining $500 million to $600 million we originally committed to as part of the Ameritrade integration synergies. It's a powerful formula. It's a winning formula, and I'm confident that it will be a formula that delivers for our long-term stockholders, as it has since we went public in 1987. So Peter, let me turn it over to you to talk some more about our financial results and projections.
Peter Crawford: Well, thank you very much, Walt. So there are 3 key points I want you to take away from my portion of the presentation today. First, we're navigating this extraordinary period from a position of strength with robust organic growth, high level profitability, strong and growing capital levels and access to significant liquidity. Second, although the volume of client cash allocation activity has exceeded the expectations embedded in the financial scenario we shared a few months ago, as Walt mentioned, we are seeing signs of the pace beginning to moderate, and we continue to expect a resumption of deposit growth in 2023. And third, our focus at Schwab remains on our clients. And while the various dynamics we're working through create some near-term headwinds, our business continues to power ahead, reinforcing our confidence about the long-term strength of our diversified model and our ability to keep delivering on our through the cycle financial formula. Let's start by briefly reviewing our first quarter results, which we released earlier this morning. Among the many advantages we have as we navigate through this period is our financial strength, our sustained earnings power. There has been so much attention to the balance sheet and dynamics influencing net interest revenue that it feels like some have lost side of the fact that nearly 50% of our revenue comes from other sources such as asset management fees and trading. And while the remaining half is generated through net interest revenue, roughly 1/3 of our interest-earning assets are floating rate, meaning the yield on those assets has increased dramatically in the last 12 months. That diversified all-weather revenue model is reflected in our strong Q1 financial performance, during which we grew revenue by 10% versus the first quarter of 2022. We grew adjusted earnings per share by 21%, and we delivered an adjusted pretax margin of nearly 46%, a level nearly unsurpassed in the financial services industry. Turning to the balance sheet. The evolution of our balance sheet during the quarter reflected continued client cash realignment. We supported this by utilizing temporary funding sources, including issuing more CDs and securing additional advances from the FHLB. Our usage of these was front-loaded and increased modestly by our decision consistent with our conservative management approach to build extra liquidity within our banks, almost doubling the amount of cash on hand in the month of March. Now we also opted to suspend our buybacks during the quarter. And our strong earnings supported organic capital formation, which allowed us to maintain our Tier 1 leverage ratio at 7.1%, well above the regulatory minimum. I know there's been much written -- we'd argue too much written about the tangible common equity ratios, our banking subsidiaries. But those ratios have all increased significantly from the 12/31 levels due to both a $2 billion reduction in the unrealized mark-to-market losses and continued strong capital formation. Those of you who followed the company for a while know that we have a long-term orientation executing a strategy and business model that has delivered for clients and stockholders for multiple decades. I want to emphasize that the current challenges we're facing are quite manageable and the impact on our financial performance is near term, which means that Schwab's long-term financial model of growth plus capital return remains firmly intact. Though, as we have discussed, there are some early signs of moderation of the client cash allocation activity, the overall level to start the year has exceeded the assumptions incorporated within the scenario shared with winter business update. That means we've utilized a higher level of supplemental funding with the vast majority of that now expected to be paid off by the end of 2024. This temporary -- emphasis temporary mix shift toward higher cost of funds is expected to pressure the next few quarters of revenue at which point the impact should start to decrease, reverse. We now expect Q2 revenue to be down a mid- to upper single-digit percent versus the second quarter of 2022. But it will have very minimal impact on our long-term financial performance, with our NIM, net interest margin still poised to increase throughout 2024 and approach 3% by the end of 2025, even if rates fall from current levels as the market anticipates. Now it's important, I think, to put that NIM outlook into perspective. As I mentioned earlier, net interest revenue only accounts for half of our revenue. And with an adjusted pretax margin well in the upper 40s, we can continue to produce margins that would be the envy of most other financial services firms even as we navigate these dynamics. And remember, that all this has been happening, we have been adding clients, adding net new assets, increasing the adoption of advice and lending and moving forward on the Ameritrade integration. Regarding expenses, disciplined expense management has been a hallmark of our financial formula. And throughout our history, we have taken steps to pull back on our spending when we're facing environmental headwinds without sacrificing the client experience or undermining long-term growth. As Walt said earlier, we feel very confident about our ability to deliver over $500 million of expense synergies by the end of 2024, as we complete the integration of Ameritrade. And as we do so, it's also a good opportunity for us to take a step back and examine our overall spending levels to look for additional efficiencies as we continue our decade's long focus on driving down our expense on client assets, or EOCA, which we view as a key competitive advantage. And finally, our capital ratios -- our capital position, our capital ratios remain very strong. As Walt noted in his remarks, even if we have to eventually absorb AOCI into our regulatory capital ratios, we see a clear path organically for our Tier 1 leverage ratio, inclusive of AOCI, to exceed 5% within the next year and cross 6.5% by the end of 2024, even if rates stay flat, thanks to our strong earnings, a reduction in balance sheet assets even after deposit growth rebounds as we pay off the supplemental funding and the continued reduction of our AOCI as our securities portfolio matures. And I note that, again, even if rates remain flat, we'd expect those mark-to-market losses to decrease by a further $7 billion between now and the end of 2024. And obviously, more if rates fall as the market is expecting. Putting it all together, we're not blind to the near-term dynamics we're navigating, but we're very confident that our financial formula will reassert itself as we emerge from this period. And that formula, of course, starts with taking care of clients, growing accounts and assets, deepening relationships, building our capabilities, expanding our moat. That is what builds long-term earnings power and will be the driver of performance for our stockholders over time. And to tell you more about the strength of our franchise and how we're continuing to serve our clients, it's my pleasure to turn it over to Rick.
Rick Wurster: Thank you, Peter, and hello, everyone. In the winter business update, I described how well Schwab is positioned to sustain our organic growth rate of 5% to 7% over the long term through a combination of growth from existing clients, attracting new clients and growth from our strategic initiatives. First quarter was a great example of this as we grew net new assets by over 7%. As I shared with you our business results, I'd like to leave you with 3 takeaways. First, our business is thriving, and we again delivered strong organic client growth. Second, through the volatility in March, we saw an increase in net new assets and client engagement and asset flows that the bank remains steady. We emerged from a crisis not weaker, but stronger. Third, our strategic initiatives are paying off and lots of opportunity remains. Let's dive into the results in more detail. To put it simply, we are winning across all fronts. We're winning with existing clients, with new clients and on both the retail and RIA sides of our business. Within Investor Services, we attracted $60 billion in core net new assets. In addition, we saw an 18% year-over-year increase in high net worth, net new assets in the quarter. Our note trade-offs approach continues to attract clients and engender trust from our existing clients, and that was particularly true in a period of uncertainty. As I mentioned in our winter business update, our client base continues to get younger with 56% of new-to-firm households under 40 this quarter. This is notable because with an average age under 50, our clients are still accumulating assets. Within Advisor Services, we had an outstanding quarter of growth with $71 billion in core net new assets. When the going got tough in March, our growth accelerated with $32 billion in NNA in March alone in Advisor Services. In periods of uncertainty and heightened volatility, advisors win. They win because they are trusted fiduciaries with clients' best interest in mind. And we win because we are the trusted partner of RIAs and partner with them to deliver for clients in all environments. Our TOA ratio remained high and was in excess of 2% for the quarter. We are committed to helping RIAs of all sizes grow by delivering the leading custody platform with no fees, alongside practice management support, industry advocacy and relationship support RIAs can count on. There are no trade-offs. In summary, our business is thriving. Our note trade-off approach was recognized by the industry. The third-party accolades you see on the screen speak to the way we serve our clients each and every day. We were recognized by Investor's Business Daily as the #1 online retail broker overall, by J.D. Power as the #1 full-service broker and for the sixth consecutive year Schwab was named one of Fortune Magazine's top 50 World's Most Admired Companies. I'd like to turn now to our strategic initiatives of scale and efficiency, win-win monetization and client segmentation. We are continuing to advance these initiatives within our strategic focus areas. And as I mentioned, these are paying off with tangible wins in the first quarter of this year. Let me start with scale and efficiency. Integration remains our top priority. We successfully completed our first client transition group in February, bringing over around 500,000 client accounts, including a small number of advisors. Service teams achieved an average speed to answer of just 6 seconds during the conversion, a good indication of how seamlessly the transition went after years of preparation. We remain on track to bring over 13 million clients this year, representing 97% of Ameritrade clients, with the remaining 3% our most active traders coming over in 2024. And as Walt mentioned earlier, we are on track to achieve $1.8 billion to $2 billion in run rate expense synergies by the end of 2024. Most important is the client benefit we see. In retail, clients will benefit from the combination of our modern wealth management platform, alongside the leading trading and education platform in the industry. For advisors, we will add iRebal and thinkpipes, 2 capabilities advisors love to an offer that as it stands as no trade-offs. Turning now to win-win monetization. One of our priorities is growing our wealth business. Wealth is an area in which we delight clients, as the Client Promoter Scores of wealth clients are typically the highest at Schwab. Our clients are increasingly asking for help and advice, providing us with a growth opportunity, and wealth offers a diversifying source of economics to us as a business. We've been investing heavily to deliver for clients and accelerate our growth, and we saw meaningful progress in the first quarter. Net flows into the Wasmer Schroeder strategies were $1.5 billion and assets under management surpassed $17 billion. This is a clear example of a win-win opportunity for clients in Schwab. The offer brought down the cost of access to fixed income managed accounts on Schwab's platform and interest from clients has been strong as Wasmer represented the majority of net flows in the fixed income managed accounts. We launched several key enhancements to Schwab Personalized Indexing, including more customization and digital capabilities. Retail clients who work with Schwab FC can now exclude more individual stocks as well as entire industries and sub-industries from their portfolios. We also launched a digital dashboard for retail clients that shows a real-time view of their account value and highlights clearly the value of tax loss harvesting. And clients continue to turn to Schwab for advice during market volatility. Schwab Wealth Advisory had $3.2 billion in net flows in the first quarter, the highest quarter of net flows in the history of the offer, as both Schwab and Ameritrade clients increasingly find the offer attractive. Finally, we continue to meet the specific needs of our client segments. We are launching this year Schwab Private Client Services and Schwab Private Wealth Services for our high net worth and ultra-high net worth clients. We are winning with this client segment today and the differentiated service, support and offering will further add to our no trade-offs experience for this client segment. Our world-class trader offering remains unparalleled in the industry. We released new features on thinkorswim while preparing to convert thinkorswim clients and preparing to make the offer available to Schwab clients this year. Another key priority in this focus area is to provide tailored solutions and experiences for RIAs of all sizes. In the first quarter, we acquired Family Wealth Alliance, a membership organization that provides resources to the family wealth community serving ultra-high net worth clients. The acquisition continues a relationship that has existed between the 2 companies for years. And together, we'll be able to expand the services we offer for multifamily offices and single-family offices. We are thriving and our growth initiatives are paying off. I shared in the winter business update some of the statistics you see on the left side of this page. They show we have lots of opportunity in front of us. We remain confident we can close the share of wallet opportunity I described by introducing clients to the collective capabilities of our integrated firm. We also believe we can accelerate the growth of our wealth business, both at Schwab and by introducing it to Ameritrade clients. We saw very positive signs this quarter as it was our strongest quarter of flows ever into full-service wealth solutions. And 95% of eligible Ameritrade FCs enrolled a client into a wealth solution, a very promising sign for the future. We continue to invest in our lending platform to increasingly be there for clients in the future. And finally, the combination with Ameritrade allows us to enhance our trading capabilities for a highly engaged and important client segment. Investing in a thinkorswim platform and bringing the powerful platform tools and education to our trader clients will be an important differentiator for Schwab as we look to the future. I'd like to wrap up where I started. We are in a position of strength. Our business thrived in the first quarter and our growth accelerated through the recent market volatility. The virtuous cycle will continue to help us sustain attractive organic NNA growth from both new and existing clients. We are continuing to execute on our key strategic focus areas of scale and efficiency, win-win monetization and client segmentation. We saw meaningful impact from some of those initiatives in the first quarter, while other initiatives will help accelerate the growth of our business into the future. We are delivering wins for clients and the firm each quarter. The future is bright. With that, I will turn it over to Jeff for Q&A.
Jeff Edwards: Operator, let's turn to the queue and please remind everyone how they can ask a question that they'd like.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: A lot of debate that this cycle has raised the client awareness for cash. And given the ease of access and movement today, the historical cash allocations are likely to be different going forward. So as you look over the long term, how do you think about sweet cash in the percentages and how that may be different than what we've seen historically?
Walt Bettinger: Thanks, Dan. I'm going to go ahead and comment on this. So I think when you look at client cash realigning, we feel fairly confident that the metrics we've shown have good basis in history. I guess I would encourage you to think of a client cash aligning. It's an event, it's not a process. And I'm going to illustrate that by an example. If you have a retail client that has, say, build up $50,000 in cash during the pandemic period. And they look at that and say, well, I want to keep 20,000 of that liquid available for immediate trading or other uses, paying bills, they don't take that $30,000 and say, "Well, I'm going to move $10,000 this quarter and $10,000 next quarter and then $10,000 several quarters in the future." It's an event. They reinvest the $30,000. And so what you generally will see is you'll see a rapid acceleration of client cash realigning early in the process of rate rise, let's call it in the first year. And then you begin to see it go the other way. And we think, as it goes the other way, it goes the other way in a relatively accelerating manner because, again, the event has occurred. The client, in my example, has moved their entire $30,000. So we understand the question. We think that the cash, as we indicated, the cash realigning process is slowing. We are very encouraged by what we see in April with measurable slowing. Again, we're looking at 3 consecutive months of declines, and we feel very good about the chart and the results we're able to share with you.
Operator: And does that conclude your question Mr. Fannon?
Dan Fannon: Yes.
Operator: The next question is from Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler.
Rich Repetto: Walt and Peter, and first, thank you for doing the timely call. And at least I hope you consider this format going forward. But I guess my question is sort of related to the first question. There was -- we calculate $44 billion, I guess, in declining balance sheet, cut cash or uninvested sweep cash. So -- and helped by organic close in March that you talked about. But my question is, your terminology has changed a little bit, I think. But anyway, do we still expect 8% to 12% decline in the average interest-earning assets, Peter? And that's factoring in sort of this protection of AOCI. Does that factor in it if you're even at all trying to keep aware of that or manage that risk. So the 8% to 12% average interest-earning asset declined by December 1 -- December?
Peter Crawford: Thanks, Rich, for your question. So yes, we still do think that 8% to 12% decline in interest-earning assets is the right way to think about it. The way that we fund those assets may be a bit different than what we had anticipated when we shared at the winter business update, but the overall asset decline is a function of the assets rolling off and that sort of the gradual roll off of our securities portfolio.
Operator: The next question is from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: I was hoping we can double-click on some of your capital management comments. It sounds like if you were to start to include AOCI changes in capital, you expect it to be a bit of an organic build, and you provided some sort of stats around it. Why not sell a significant chunk of the securities portfolio? I understand it will crystallize the loss, but your Tier 1 leverage actually will not move significantly when you do that. So help us think through maybe some puts and takes from doing something like that, taking the loss but also at the same time, significantly enhancing the firm's earnings power since $60 billion plus of that securities book is massively at the water?
Peter Crawford: Thanks for the question. So I guess I'd say a couple of things. Certainly, you are right that if we were to sell the securities -- a meaningful portion of our securities portfolio, it would actually be accretive to our capital levels, if you included that -- or certainly agree to our tangible capital levels. We said multiple times that we see no reason, no need to be forced to sell securities, given the strong -- the ample access to liquidity and the nature of our deposit base and so forth. Beyond that, just don't really want to speculate or sort of talk in hypotheticals about the conditions under which we would sell that securities portfolio. I just would say that we see no need to do so. But of course, we're always going to be thinking about what's the right thing for stockholders, but we see no reason to do so and certainly wouldn't do it right now, given sort of some of the volatility, if you will, in the market around firms that have made that decision.
Operator: The next question is from Ken Worthington of JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: You broke the BDA investments, I think, in the third-party BDAs this quarter. With BDA balances down $20 billion in 1Q '23 and floating rate securities down to $2.2 billion in the quarter, do you foresee having to break the TD managed BDA investments? If so, is this a charge that you would be responsible for? And what do you foresee as the charges needed to maintain this program, given your outlook for sorting this year?
Jeff Edwards: Ken, it's Jeff. Obviously, that's -- there's a lot of nuance with that question and just kind of in the interest of time, why don't we circle up kind of offline and we can walk through kind of what's available there and all the public disclosures. So I'll give you a chance if you have one other question you want to touch on.
Operator: The next question is from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Peter, if you could just comment on the pace of the wholesale borrowing. If we are seeing the cash sorting flow throughout the year, why not wind that down more quickly instead of having that conclude more in 2024? It seems like if you are in a position where the balance sheet will start growing again later in the year, you would be in a position between the organic growth of cash coming in from the securities portfolios and cash growth from clients that you could potentially wind most of that down certainly by year-end or at the beginning of 2024? Any comment on the pace of that.
Peter Crawford: Sure. So some of the -- certainly, the CDs that we issue are termed out. So it's not like we can recall those necessarily. And the FHLB advances have different terms. But as I mentioned, we -- the decision to build up cash in March meant that we front-loaded some of that activity. So of course, if we -- as we see the pace of this client realignment slow, very reasonable to expect that, of course, we will initiate less advances and let those advances that we have roll off. And so absolutely, we could see this roll off very, very quickly, even as we start to see a resumption of deposit growth over the course of latter part of '23 and then into 2024. And so I mean, the key point on these advances is these are limited and they're temporary. This is not something that is going to be part of our long-term financial picture, and we will certainly pay them off as quickly as we can.
Operator: The next question is from Mike Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Mike Cyprys: I want to circle back multiyear commentary around the ability to deliver substantial expense savings beyond the $500 million to $600 million or so. I was just hoping you might be able to help quantify how meaningful that could be? Is that $1 billion? Is that $2 billion? And maybe you can expand on where that's coming from? What are some of the actions that you guys might be able to take to hit that? And how do you ensure this doesn't hit the overall growth in customer and overall assets?
Walt Bettinger: Yes. Thanks, Mike. So I don't think, at this point, we're going to quantify the extent that we believe that we can generate ongoing expense saves beyond the $500 million to $600 million that we have committed to and have remaining in the integration, but we think it is substantial. And yes, it's important to keep in mind that, as we approach this integration, one of the decisions we made was that getting the integration right was our #1 priority. And therefore, we were willing to spend quite aggressively along the way to ensure that there was nothing that got in the way of ensuring the integration went as well as smoothly as it could possibly go, even if it meant ratcheting up spending to a level that was much higher than maybe we would have thought several years ago. So we have the opportunities that I mentioned, and then we have the opportunity after multiple years of allowing spending to grow relatively quickly to do a step back and evaluate it overall. And our early work gives us the confidence to say that it is meaningfully higher than the remaining synergies, but I don't think we're ready to quantify it yet. The one thing I will make clear though is, as we have done in the past when we made moves around expense that were significant, we will protect the client experience. So we will not be looking at impacting the parts of the organization that build relationships with clients that serve clients and that deliver that client experience.
Operator: The next question is from Bill Katz with Credit Suisse.
Bill Katz: Also appreciate you tightening up the window between this and the earnings. Super helpful. Walt or Peter, just a question, as you think about lessons learned from this cycle versus prior cycles, and I appreciate you're consistently running the franchise, but should we be assuming a higher core deposit beta all else being equal to avoid these kinds of dynamics we've all experienced in the last month or so? And on the other side of the earning asset side, would you envision running a more liquid earning asset strategy, all else being equal?
Peter Crawford: Yes. So thanks for the question, Bill. So in terms of the deposit pricing, if you will, I mean, our philosophy on that hasn't changed, right? Our clients keep -- as we know from history that our clients have sort of 2 buckets of cash, their transactional cash and their investment cash. And our philosophy on the transactional cash is to offer a rate that is very competitive. Certainly, today is at 45 basis points. It's a lot better than what clients can earn in their checking accounts at most of the traditional banks and then to offer our clients a range of options for their investment cash that are, in many cases, industry leading, whether that's access to treasuries or brokered CDs or purchase money funds or whatever it might be. And what we've seen is -- and that's served us well for multiple decades. And whether we pay 45 basis points or 65 basis points or 100 basis points for that transactional cash, it doesn't make -- it makes very, very little influence on client behavior. So I don't necessarily see that aspect of our philosophy changing. Of course, we'll -- as we always do, we'll learn from the experience from what we learned about client behavior, we'll have to take into consideration potential regulatory changes and we'll adapt. And -- but I have every confidence that we'll thrive as we have every time we've faced changes around us previously, whether it was when the dot-com bubble burst in 2000 or whether it was when we launched the bank and came under Fed supervision or went to 0 commissions in every single situation, we adapted and we came out the other end even stronger than we were going into it. And that's because we stay -- as Walt and Rick talked about, we stay focused on our clients and doing right by our clients. And if we do that, everything else will take care of itself.
Jeff Edwards: Great. And operator, I think we have time for one last question.
Operator: Our last question is from Ben Budish with Barclays.
Ben Budish: I just wanted to ask kind of about your approach to buybacks. You mentioned earlier in the call that you had suspended them for the meantime. What are the sort of data points you are looking at or indicators that would cause you to get more positive and feel comfortable resuming there?
Peter Crawford: Yes. Thanks, Ben. I think what we would like to see a little bit more clarity on the regulatory front and what's going to happen with how capital is treated and a time line there. As I said, we feel very confident in our ability to build into the potential inclusion of AOCI into our regulatory capital ratios, but we'd like to see a little bit more clarity there before we would, I think, strongly consider or look to resume the buybacks. Of course, our buybacks are always opportunistic, not programmatic, as we've said multiple times, but I think that's probably one of the key points we want to wait for.
Jeff Edwards: We'll turn it over to Walt to close this out today.
Walt Bettinger: Thanks, Jeff, and thanks, everyone, for joining in and participating, and thanks for the feedback on the timing of this update relative to our earnings report, and please continue to provide that feedback. And we'll be -- look to be responsive to what we hear from all of you around the best time to do these updates. I think, as all of you know, I've been doing this a long time. This is my 15th year as CEO of Schwab. And during that time, I've seen a lot of different environments. Good is as well as much more difficult ones. But when I look at that history, what's consistent to me is that long-term success comes from maintaining a focus on clients. There are always going to be circumstances that come up on a periodic basis that have more of a short-term impact. And we're well aware. We're not oblivious to what's going on. We also know that we have driven much of what has gone on that has affected our near-term earnings because we've been proactively reaching out to our clients of all sizes for the last year and explaining to them the options that they should consider with their investment in cash. But again, I'd like to put this in the context of what I led with around clients. It's the right thing to do. And it's what we would do during this environment if we're faced with this environment again. We're well aware that long-term success comes from a focus on clients. And we're well aware that our bank is unique as it serves as a bank for investors. We're also well aware that as storms come, storms also go. Eventually, they come to an end. And what we know from history is that when those storms and the firms who stand tall or those who have a focus on clients. And that's something that I believe you can count on for Schwab as you have for many years in the past and can count on again in the future. Thanks again for all of your time today. We very much appreciate it, and we appreciate the thoughtful questions.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. Thank you all for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-27 20:00:00) =====
Jeff Edwards: And were on. Hi, Everyone, and welcome to Schwabs 2022 Fall Business Update. This is Jeff Edwards, Managing Director of Investor Relations, and Im joined today by our Co-Chairman and CEO, Walt Bettinger; President, Rick Wurster; and CFO, Peter Crawford. We have a [Texas size] amount of ground to cover today, so Im going to do my best to not be the bottleneck here. However, I do want to cover a few items before we jump into prepared remarks. Per standard setup, Ill help moderate Q&A following managements presentation. We will be accepting questions via both the phone line and the web console for the usual. One thing thats important to note is starting with todays update, we are implementing a 1 question only, no follow-up format. However, we certainly encourage folks to jump back into the queue if additional questions come to mind. And of course, you can always check back in with IR after the session with any questions. As always, todays slides will be posted to the IR site at the start of Peters portion of the programming. And finally, please dont forget about the enduring wall of words, which reminds us all that the future is uncertain please stay up to date with our disclosures. With that, Walt, take it away.
Walt Bettinger: [Technical Difficulty] ...that began in 2020 and many others. And in each of these time periods, there was a list of doubters. In fact, I recently went back and read some of the reports and articles that were written about Schwab during those periods. And although I generally respect those who doubted us, I have enormous confidence in our firm and in our people. I have enormous confidence in our ability to serve our 30-million-plus clients, and enormous confidence in our ability to deliver for our long-term stockholders. As we all know, the third quarter was very difficult for investors. The Federal Reserve continued with an aggressive policy designed to battle deep-seated inflation -- they did so with steep increases in rates, and at the same time, equity markets fell for the third consecutive quarter. The S&P 500 and NASDAQ now showing year-to-date losses between 25% and 32%. And yet despite these challenging days for investing, our all-weather business model continued to prove successful. Whether were looking at our strong organic asset growth rate of 7% reflected in $115 billion of net new assets, or the fact that our retail net new assets in the third quarter were 20% higher than the same period last year. Its clear that our Through clients eyes strategy is working and a major contributor to our organic growth. And just as our client strategy was successful, our commitment to encouraging a long-term approach to investing was also reflected in our clients actions. Even with investing sentiment near record lows, our clients remained resilient with net equity buys exceeding net sales. And our clients remained trusting in our advisory services with flows into these solutions in excess of $8 billion during the quarter. Now as expected in a difficult investing environment, cash is an important part of our clients investing approach. Now this is something that weve always known, always believed in. And as I often say, theres no investor who has ever lived through a bear market who then doubts that cash is a critical part of an asset allocation strategy. Now recently, we know theres been a lot of commentary about so-called client cash sorting. And theres been a lot of commentary as if its some kind of bad thing or something that we didnt expect or, frankly, didnt welcome. And, to the contrary, we view it as both expected and as a positive. In fact, we put a lot of effort into helping our clients make the most of their cash. Our approach to assisting clients with our cash needs is robust and its very focused on their needs. For example, for transactional cash, we offer competitive yields and features relative to other transaction accounts, including taking steps like pioneering fee-free ATM withdrawals worldwide. And for investment cash, we offer money market funds with low fees, CDs from banks across the country in a variety of quality fixed income investment options. Our clients decisions with their cash are, of course, influenced by the interest rate environment. During a ZIRP or 0 interest rate environment, clients have little yield motivation to move money from a transactional category, like a bank sweep or checking, to an investment category, like a purchase money fund or a fixed income offering. And then, of course, when rates rise, its a prudent decision for clients to make that move with their investment cash, and we encourage that. We encourage those moves. We make outbound phone calls from our financial consultants and others. We do seminars. We offer marketing that encourages clients to position their investment cash into higher-yielding alternatives. Now some might question, well, why would [we] do that? We know that we take a revenue hit with every dollar that moves, for example, from a bank sweep to a money market fund. But to those individuals who question it, I would suggest that maybe they dont really understand what we mean when we say through clients eyes or they dont really understand our long-term horizon for growth because we proactively contact clients because its the right thing to do. The right thing to move their investment cash into higher-yielding options. And our clients, not surprisingly, respond very favorably to our proactive efforts to show them how to increase their yields on investment cash. I guess if I were to summarize this slide, Id say that if you understand our firm, if you understand Schwab, you know we are doing exactly what you should expect us to do in the middle of a rapidly rising rate environment. And our clients are doing exactly what we expect that they would and, frankly, should do. And none of what is happening should interfere with our ability to grow our revenue and our net interest margin, and none of it should impact our ability to deliver earnings growth consistent with our financial formula over the coming quarters and years. Before I pass it over to Rick to cover some of our strategic efforts in more detail, I want to spend a couple of moments on the status of our Ameritrade integration and conversion because were closing our second full year of preparing for conversion, and we feel very good about where we are. We have built tremendous scale and capacity, far greater than we anticipated when we announced this acquisition. Weve committed to retaining our high-end clients with capabilities that take great features from both firms, for example, from Ameritrade, things like iRebal, thinkorswim and thinkpipes. Weve worked diligently to make the actual conversion process streamlined and simple for our combined clients, along with retaining key high-quality employees, and of course, weve done all this, as you know, in the middle of a global pandemic. When we complete this integration, we think we will be offering the industrys top overall investing experience. Of course, nothing as large and complex as this integration and conversion goes perfectly. In addition to the pandemic-related issues, which were all familiar with, 2 additional issues are likely to push our total integration spend about 10% higher than we anticipated 18 months ago. Now the first one is probably obvious to everyone, its inflation. Technology equipment, cloud contracts, market-driven staff compensation, all these costs more, frankly, they cost a lot more than we anticipated back in 2019 and 2020. In addition, in light of the war in the Ukraine, we made a decision, we believe a correct decision, and this is actually creating the largest reason for these higher costs and also likely to push the last conversion of somewhere around 1% or 2% of our clients back into the first part of 2024. But I want to emphasize, it will not impact the amount or timing of the expense synergies weve committed to, and heres why. The thinkorswim system at Ameritrade relied very heavily on software developers and engineers based in Russia. Now these individuals managed the majority of the TOS system, from design to enhancement and even to ongoing daily maintenance. When the war in Ukraine began, we stopped using those Russian-based resources. This meant not only moving all of those efforts, but also training dozens and dozens of new engineers and developers on the TOS system, and this was very costly, but it was the right thing to do. And I know that anyone listening to this call would have made the exact same decision that we made. So just to sum all this up, despite the pandemic, despite record client engagement, despite the highest inflation in 40 years, despite geopolitical and market volatility, we remain on track to convert 98% to 99% of our clients in 2023, deliver on the expense synergies we committed to at the very outset, and do so with a total integration budget only modestly above our early 2021 estimates. So Rick, let me go ahead and turn it over to you to talk in more detail about some of our strategic efforts.
Rick Wurster: Thank you, Walt. Walt shared the success were having with clients, and it starts with seeing through clients eyes and making a difference in clients financial lives. We continue to be guided by our through clients eyes approach and have additional opportunities to expand how we help clients. We are currently focused on 3 strategic focus areas: scale and efficiency, win-win monetization and client segmentation. Within scale and efficiency, Walt just shared an update on our firms #1 priority, integration. As part of the integration, weve accelerated investments in technology and the client experience to make it even easier for clients to do business with us. Seeing through clients eyes by making it easier to invest and build wealth has been a hallmark of both Schwab and Ameritrade. Our ongoing efforts to enhance experiences for our clients and our field will continue to be a key differentiator. Ill spend our time today going into more detail on 3 opportunities: wealth management, lending and our RIA client segment. We said it before, and it remains true today, we are bullish on advice. Although investor sentiment has fallen in this current market environment, our clients are still highly engaged in our wealth and advice solutions and flows continue to be strong. Ive spoken in prior quarters about how Schwab is uniquely positioned to deliver a continuum of wealth management experiences to meet a range of client needs. On one end of the continuum, we offer clients access to investment solutions they can use for part of their portfolios. The acquisitions -- acquisition of Wasmer Schroeder Strategies is a clear example of a win-win opportunity for both clients and our firm. We brought down the cost of access to fixed income managed accounts on our platform and flows have moved to Schwab. The strategies have attracted over $5 billion in net flows over the last 2 years. This includes $1 billion in net flows in the third quarter alone, the highest quarterly net flows weve seen since launching these strategies on the retail platform in January of 21. Another investment solution Ill highlight briefly is Schwab Personalized Indexing. We are still in the early days, and our efforts are focused on educating clients in the field about the potential benefits direct indexing can provide. We expect it will grow more rapidly as clients continue to learn about it. Moving along the continuum, were also meeting client needs with our 2 full-service wealth offerings, Schwab Wealth Advisory and Schwab Advisor Network, or SAN. Despite a challenging market environment, clients are highly engaged. Both Schwab Wealth Advisory and SAN attracted strong quarterly net flows in the third quarter at $2.6 billion and $5.2 billion, respectively. This is an opportunity for win-win monetization as it is an area where we are investing in the client experience and have several levers to improve our economics. First, we believe theres an opportunity to attract more clients to the programs, particularly at Ameritrade, where less than 7% of assets are engaged in advice, and we have already seen 40% of Ameritrade FCs enroll a client in Schwab Wealth Advisory and over 80% of Ameritrade FCs have enrolled a client in some form of Schwab Advice. Second, we believe we can increase flows into Schwab Wealth Advisory through continuing to enhance the program for clients and making it easier for our field to use. Third, we are reviewing our SAN program economics to make sure we are capturing our fair share given the value Schwab brings to the program, including our track record of successful new client acquisition, our sustained marketing investment, our brand and the important role our field plays in the process and with clients. Schwab Wealth Advisory consistently has the highest Client Promoter Scores at the firm, and we are investing in the program to make sure it remains that way and increases its growth. As Ive shared previously, we are adding to our capacity to sustain growth, training advisers in new ways to add to the wealth expertise were bringing to clients and making investments in the sales team that supports this offer. Were enhancing the client experience, including making it easier to access our supporting expert teams and beginning to add to our digital experiences. And we are expanding our capabilities, and, over time, plan to provide a discretionary wealth management experience. We believe that demand for advice will continue to increase, and we expect to see growth in both Schwab Wealth Advisory and SAN. With through clients eyes as our North Star, we want to make sure that no matter what type of advice and investor needs that we can connect them with the right model. When we think about long-term growth, we believe lending is a win-win opportunity as well. We know that retail clients want to consolidate as much of their financial lives as possible in one place. We know that RIAs want to reduce the number of relationships their clients need to have with financial institutions. Clients who do their borrowing at Schwab today are delighted by our competitive rates, and our Client Promoter Scores exemplify that. And with a large balance sheet, this is a productive use of capital for us. With our lending offer, we are making investments today, so we can be the preferred lending provider for clients on our platform. We introduced a preferred rate program, and we are enhancing the digital experience. We are building out our service teams to provide more tailored service, akin to what you might see at the largest banks or wealth firms. In the third quarter, we expanded the rollout of the ultra-high net worth senior lending team model to 6 more retail regions in preparation for full retail rollout by the end of the year. In the last quarter, we started to train and license more than 600 Ameritrade FCs so they can offer PAL and mortgage loans to their clients. Weve also seen increased retail FC adoption of lending despite rising rates. And weve partnered with adviser services to help onboard some significant new RIAs with billions in assets through our lending capabilities. These efforts have been met with very positive feedback. Even in a difficult lending environment, we are seeing growth. PAL demand continues to grow, it is up 31% compared to last year because demand is driven by factors outside of the rate cycle. As we continue to build out the offer for the future, we will take the no trade-offs approach to lending that clients expect from Schwab, attractive rates, enhanced digital experiences and a tailored service model. As weve shared previously, about 2% of retail clients turned to Schwab for their borrowing needs. We see about the same level of utilization among RIA clients as well. We believe there is an attractive amount of potential upside here. Now lets turn to client segmentation. We are continuing to enhance and expand the services and solutions that we offer to our RIA client segment. Expanding our institutional no transaction fee or INTF mutual fund offering for RIAs who [custody] at Schwab and Ameritrade, makes us even more attractive. Earlier this month, we added more than 800 institutional funds without a transaction fee from 15 leading third-party asset managers. This is in addition to over 130 funds already available through our strategic relationship with T. Rowe Price. Were thrilled to offer this expanded lineup to advisers. With more choices for low-cost share classes without a transaction fee, RIAs can personalize their clients investment portfolios and put more of their clients initial investments to work. It is a win for RIAs and their clients, and it is a win for us at Schwab. As I look at opportunities on the horizon, our through clients eyes approach continues to be both our North Star and our winning strategy. Clients are continuing to turn to Schwab, and they remain engaged despite economic uncertainty. This challenging environment reinforces the importance of our strategy and delivering on our strategic priorities. Im energized by the momentum weve built. By continuing to keep clients at the forefront of everything we do, Im confident that Schwab remains well positioned to capitalize on the key opportunities ahead of us. And with that, Ill turn it over to Peter.
Peter Crawford: All right. Well, thank you very much, Rick. So you all had a chance to hear Walt and Rick talk about our through clients eyes strategy continues to resonate with investors despite the challenging environment and very low investor sentiment, how our cash strategy is consistent with that strategy, the progress were making with the Ameritrade acquisition in spite of a number of unforeseen challenges and how were continuing to advance our appropriately ambitious strategic agenda. In my time today, Ill talk about how the combination of strong business momentum and rising interest rates overcame a tough equity market and more bearish investor sentiment to produce yet another quarter of record financial performance. Ill also provide an updated outlook for the rest of the year. And finally, Ill talk about how were confident we will navigate through this environment and continue producing strong financial performance in the quarters and years ahead. What should hopefully become clear is that were certainly benefiting from higher rates and are poised to benefit even more in the quarters and years ahead, even as we take steps to manage through some of the speed bumps that those higher rates present. But those speed bumps are quite manageable, which means that the most important factor in our long-term success is the strength of our business and our through clients eyes strategy, something thats producing strong momentum and positioning us to continue thriving even after rates eventually normalize. Lets talk about some of the factors that contributed to our record financial performance in the third quarter. Compared to the second quarter, we faced more headwinds than tailwinds with equity markets down and the resulting bearish investor sentiment weighing on trading activity and margin utilization. We did, of course, benefit from rates that continue to increase across the curve. Now in spite of the volatile market, weve been able to continue driving strong organic growth. Roughly $300 billion in core net new assets in the first 9 months of the year despite record high tax payments by clients, and an average of over 1 million new accounts per quarter. Despite these headwinds, our financial performance in the third quarter broke multiple records. Revenue increased 20% year-over-year and 8% sequentially, driven by a 44% increase in net interest revenue, reflecting higher interest-earning assets, and a 52-basis-point increase in our net interest margin year-over-year to 197 basis points, which was also up 35 basis points sequentially. That more than offset a decline in asset management and admin fees due to falling equity markets. Adjusted expenses were up 12% year-over-year, consistent with our expectations given higher head count and the 5% across-the-board salary increase we implemented late last year. And we increased our adjusted pretax margin to 53% and produced a record at $1.10 in adjusted EPS. Bank deposits were down 10% sequentially due to client cash allocation decisions that were broadly consistent with our expectations given the dramatic increase in rates. The decline in stockholders equity was the product of unrealized mark-to-market losses in our available-for-sale portfolio as well as $1.5 billion of common share buybacks and the redemption of our $400 million Series A preferred. And despite that nearly $2 billion of capital return, our consolidated Tier 1 leverage ratio finished above our operating objective. Despite the challenging equity markets, we feel very confident about our ability to continue driving strong revenue growth even as we maintain a high level of capital return. Assuming the Fed funds rate exits 2022 at 4.5%, wed expect to produce an 11% to 13% year-over-year increase in revenue, consistent with the scenario we shared earlier. That reflects continued expansion of our net interest margin to the mid-210s in Q4, a roughly 10% to 12% decline in average interest-earning assets from December 2021 to December 2022, and net interest revenue higher than Q3 despite continued client cash allocations decisions and some limited and temporary borrowing from the FHLB to fund some of those outflows. We have taken steps to limit expense growth, and we now expect full year expense growth to be on the lower end of the 7% to 8% range we communicated a few months ago. Looking ahead to 2023, we continue to see no reason that the magnitude of client cash sorting will be dramatically different than the last rising rate cycle, suggesting balances trough at some point next year. We have ample sources of liquidity to support our clients and anticipate growth in both net interest margin and net interest revenue from Q4 of this year to Q4 of next year and beyond. And of course, you can expect that the higher pace of capital return we started in Q3 will continue. Theres obviously been a lot of commentary, perhaps too much on the topic of client cash sorting. And we continue to receive a lot of questions. I want to emphasize that this is a dynamic, which we view as very much temporary, quite manageable and not a factor in our long-term performance. I want to reiterate a few high-level observations regarding our current beliefs around sorting, with additional detail in the appendix, which youre welcome to discuss with the IR team after the call. Now we have broken these into 2 categories regarding the pace of sorting and the ultimate magnitude of sorting. First, we have extensive data that suggests that the rate we pay on transactional cash has little or no impact on the pace or magnitude of sorting. So youre not going to see us change our sweep deposit pricing philosophy to catch up or to influence client behavior. Second, weve also seen from experience, and its consistent with intuition, that the pace of client cash reallocations decreases once the Fed stops hiking rates. Third, we have seen over time that clients seek to maintain a minimum level of transactional or sweep cash in their account. And as we reach that point, any remaining client cash sorting is offset by organic cash inflows to both new and existing accounts. Fourth, higher cash balance accounts tend to move earliest, and weve already seen them decrease their activity. And fifth, and finally, our client base today has a higher mix of clients who tend to maintain higher -- relative levels of transactional cash. Put all that together, and we are confident that the activity were seeing will abate. And as we said in our recent CFO commentary, we believe were now in the middle innings of this process. Theres also been a lot of speculation about actions we may need to take to support these client cash allocation decisions. So we thought it would be helpful to share a few facts. First, we have access to roughly $100 billion to $150 billion of readily available cash over the next 15 months. Roughly half of that from excess cash on hand or that the investment portfolio will generate, and the other half from cash that comes in through our net new assets. Second, we also have access to a very large amount of funding from the FHLB, from retail CDs were looking to offer, and various forms of supplemental funding. In the last 2 weeks, we initiated borrowings from the FHLB of roughly $10 billion. We expect the usage of these to be quite limited, perhaps no more than a mid-single-digit percent of our liabilities and quite temporary. But the capacity to do more and for a longer period of time is certainly there. So any potential asset sales we do are likely to be very limited and opportunistic. Its really important to recognize that even after we reach peak rates this cycle, we have the ability to continue expanding our net interest margin over the following years as our fixed investment portfolio rolls over. And this NIM expansion would be additive to the through-the-cycle financial formula we have delivered over the years and expect to continue moving forward. I dont think I need to spend much time on capital return. Weve been certainly discussing for a while our expectation for a higher level of capital return, and you saw that begin in the third quarter. Before I close, I want to pull out from some of our near-term dynamics and remind everyone about that through-the-cycle financial formula, which has worked over multiple decades, and wed expect to continue working in the decades ahead. Its built on our through clients eyes strategy and no trade-offs positioning leading to consistent organic growth. And then even as we worked our way through multiple rate cycles, made disruptive moves like cutting equity commissions to 0 and acquiring Ameritrade, weve been able to convert that strong organic growth into asset growth, revenue growth and through ongoing expense discipline, expanding margins and EPS growth over 20%. That has been the investment thesis for Schwab for much of our history, and it continues to be the same today. We were speaking with a member of the investment community last week who said this last quarter demonstrated our ability to "walk and chew gum at the same time." He was referring to our ability to grow top line revenue and deliver capital return at the same time. And while wed argue that this feed is a bit more difficult for most firms to achieve and that well-worn analogy would suggest he is right, that is exactly what we expect of ourselves. But equally notable is our ability this quarter -- this year to both help our clients and our business navigate this extraordinary environment, while, at the same time, taking the steps necessary to drive long-term operating and financial performance. And as I noted previously, in the last 20 years, we have been through 2 full rate cycles, down, up, down, up. On the way down, we get asked about capital and premium amortization. On the way up, were asked about liquidity and sorting. But meanwhile, amidst all these questions, the Schwab engine keeps chugging along, adding clients, finding new revenue opportunities, driving greater efficiency, returning capital to stockholders, growing earnings power, rewarding those stockholders who have a long-term orientation, and I am confident that all of those components will be part of our story this cycle. Jeff, let me turn it over to you for Q&A.
Jeff Edwards: Great. Operator, can we please go ahead and go to the first question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: On win-win monetization, as these programs that you have in place season, so just the existing ones you have, what do you think that could add to revenue as it season sort of annually? And then on the 800 funds, as that -- how much in AUM do those 800 funds have on the platform right now? And how quickly do you expect that to ramp into the fee-free institutional offering?
Walt Bettinger: Ken, thanks for the question. So in terms of win-win monetization opportunities, we believe we have a lot of upside. I mean both wealth management and lending, 2 examples of programs that were focused on today. We think theres enormous upside there. And I shared some of the levers were trying to pull on wealth. And in lending, of course, we think well see more of the upside when we get back into a more normalized interest rate environment. But essentially, what weve done is weve set the table. Weve created the digital experiences, the product capabilities, and weve educated our field to be ready to engage clients in those discussions. And so when the interest rate environment becomes more favorable, we expect there to be benefits there. When we think about personalized indexing, which is another one of the programs weve talked about for a while, we expect that to be a 10-year ride of money moving from active strategies and some taxable assets that are in taxable ETFs to move in there. So we think theres a long runway to all 3 of these programs that we think will provide meaningful upside in the coming years. As it relates to the INTF platform, it is very new. We are seeing assets flow there. And our expectation there, of course, is also strong. I think part of what were seeing, or part of the challenge broadly, whether its INTF or our relationship with T. Rowe Price is its just its been a difficult time for active management. And so thats one that we believe over the long run, again, well pay dividends, but it will, in part, depend on it being an environment where active management is in favor.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler.
Rich Repetto: First, thanks, Walt, for emphasizing the long-term franchise value related to cash allocation. Thats a helpful reminder for us. I guess my question would be, Peter, as you offered some reasons why you thought that cash sorting had reached the middle innings, and why you wont -- it wont exceed the last cycle? Can you put any numbers behind that? And maybe a little bit more detail on why you expect that? And is it do -- well, that would be the question, I guess.
Peter Crawford: Thank you, Rick -- Rich, for the question. So we have some details in the appendix, which you can certainly reference and I encourage you to follow up with the IR team to -- if you want more explanation on those. But it really comes back to a number of different factors that contribute to that view. It comes back to the fundamentals of our cash strategy. We look at the evidence from what weve seen in the empirical experience that we have from the last rising rate cycles. We look at the dynamics we see with the -- what were seeing thus far, which are fitting the patterns that weve seen in that prior rate cycle. In fact, I was looking at a -- some model output just the other day that suggested that what weve seen thus far is entirely consistent with what we saw in the last rising rate cycle when you control for the fact that the rates have moved up much more quickly than they did that last cycle. So were really not seeing anything that is shaking our view that this is proceeding exactly how we would anticipate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: I wanted to follow up on that just with regards to the funding of some of the sorting, and you talked about utilizing the FHLB line, but I think you also said that will be short term. So thinking about the access that you have, the capital and the uses, what gives you confidence that youre not going to need to tap into that for longer periods?
Peter Crawford: So it comes back to our view on when the weve seen over time that these client cash allocation decisions at level of transactional cash reaches a certain floor, and as it starts to approach that floor, it starts to taper up -- the allocation start to taper off and then its offset by cash that comes in through new accounts. And so we view -- our view is that, thats going to trough at some point in 2023. And then as new cash comes in, well be able to reduce the use of the FHLB and any retail CD offers that we have or any other forms of funding that we access.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.
Steven Chubak: So, Peter, I wanted to ask a question on capital. Youve announced a large buyback authorization. As youve noted, under your binding regulatory constraint of Tier 1 leverage, youre already in an excess position, but your TCE ratio is running at low levels, largely a function of negative AOCI marks, but its prompted questions as to whether youre a lower TCE might preclude buyback. If it turns negative, it could even preclude tapping of the FHLB facility. So to what extent does the TCE ratio impact your ability to execute buybacks or tapping the FHLB? And how should we think about your philosophy around optimizing capital ratios to ensure youre not running with too much excess?
Peter Crawford: Yes. Thanks for the question. So I think I said last time in the business update that our AOCI was not at all a factor in our capital planning decisions and that remains the case. Were -- I would say that the idea of negative TCE or something like that is not at all a major source of concern. We actually are now in the process of transferring additional securities from available for sale to held to maturity. And as we do that, it would take an instantaneous several hundred basis point increase in rates for our tangible common equity to go negative, which certainly this seems like a very remote possibility. And given the fact that the duration on that available-for-sale portfolio is under 3.5 that amortizes down relatively quickly. So, over time, it would take even a larger increase in interest rates for TCE to go negative. And while youre right that negative TCE means that prevents us from initiating new borrowings from the FHLB without Fed approval, it doesnt affect existing borrowings. It also doesnt affect any of the other forms of funding that I talked about, the CDs or some of the other forms of funding. So we really dont think that this is a meaningful issue or a meaningful concern.
Steven Chubak: And optimizing the buybacks, sorry?
Peter Crawford: Sorry, and on the buybacks, I think no change in our thinking on the buybacks. We still -- as you point out, if AOCI is not part of our regulatory capital. That is what we manage to. And we continue to -- as weve seen in Q3, continue to pursue the opportunistic return of capital to our stockholders.
Jeff Edwards: Lets take a question from the web console. This is from Ben Budish at Barclays. Walt, maybe you can take this. Can you speak a little bit to the pipeline for new RIAs coming in? And if we should think about any -- how the integration and conversion might factor into that [train] going forward?
Walt Bettinger: Sure. Thanks, Ben, for the question. We -- I was actually just looking at a report on pipeline for new RIAs moving independent, and those numbers remain very robust. They are on par with what we have seen over recent quarters. Actually, if I were to think about a slowdown in RIAs moving into the independent model, I wouldnt think of it correlated to integration. I would think of it more correlated to the market environment. And thats what I was interested in when I actually asked this exact question myself a week or so ago to see whether the equity market declined had made it less apt for RIAs to consider moving to independents. And the fact that the pipeline was comparable to what its been over recent quarters actually was very encouraging to me. So I guess, in summary, I would say I would not expect the integration to have an impact on breakaways, but I do think you have to watch the equity markets because, over time, it can be more difficult for someone to break away when theyre asking their clients to follow them after a period in which the equity markets have suffered as much as they have of late.
Operator: Our next question comes from Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Just another one on the balance sheet, so I understand. So the $10 billion in FHLB, does that provide liquidity for additional cash sorting from here, so youre getting ahead of something? Or is that just meeting kind of what youve seen thus far? Just trying to understand the strategy around that. And then any help that you can provide just thinking about the kind of the blended borrowing cost to get to the $3 billion in NIR, and how youre thinking about deposit beta on future Fed hikes?
Peter Crawford: Yes. So this may be one where we want to take this offline and have a conversation with the IR team around going through those costs, Devin. But the FHLB borrowing was a bit to cover some of what weve seen thus far in October and also a bit to get ahead of it. We always want to be ahead of the game around from a liquidity standpoint. And then in terms of the cost and all that, we can get into that in more detail offline with the IR team.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kyle Voigt with KBW.
Kyle Voigt: Maybe just a follow-up on the disclosure of the $100 billion to $150 billion of cash flows that are available from cash on hand, cash from NNA and the portfolio cash flows. I guess, given the current pace of sorting, I was wondering if you could provide a little bit more granularity on some of those buckets. So what was the -- the current excess cash on hand on the balance sheet as of the third quarter? And then maybe over the next 12-month period, what percentage of the securities portfolio would you expect to mature, or even given that in dollar terms would also be very helpful?
Jeff Edwards: Kyle, its Jeff. Definitely happy to follow up with you kind of after the call on some of those more tactical questions. I definitely would point to the appendix and some of the things weve talked about and has good directional proxies on that. But again, were happy to take that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Maybe looking longer term in the development of the NIM that you talked about, Peter, [indiscernible]. How are you thinking about potentially protecting that in the future? I know this is a little bit well out in the future. But if we have a situation for whatever reason that the Fed really pulls back on rate cuts at some point in the future, is there a way to either naturally hedge that in the -- with the securities portfolio reinvestments? Or would you consider using derivatives to lock in some of the benefit of the rate increases that weve been -- that weve recently had?
Peter Crawford: Its an interesting question. So Id say a couple of things. We -- the way we think about managing the duration on the asset side of the equation is really very much an outcome of what we view as the liability duration. And in different rate environments, of course, that liability duration changes. So in a higher rate environment, liability duration shrinks. And so on the margin, you tend to shrink your asset duration and reverse is obviously true. We do -- we have recently resumed the capability to have derivatives. Were not thinking about that in the context necessarily of hedging sort of downside risk, but we see that as -- sometimes, in some cases, a more efficient way to manage our overall asset duration. I would say that -- so I dont think -- I wouldnt anticipate a dramatic change in our philosophy of than what we have done previously. And theres certainly no assumption in that chart that you saw there that we shared any assumption there that we manage our investing philosophy differently than what in the past.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Katz with Credit Suisse.
Bill Katz: I think Ill switch up the topic here a little bit, and maybe we can talk a little bit out expense outlook. So Walt, you mentioned a little bit of inflation on some of the integration charges. And then Peter, you sort of took down the guidance to the low end of the range for the fourth quarter, which is great to see. Looking into 2023 and thinking about incremental margin on the revenue growth coming off of NII and some of these inflationary type of factors. How should we think about maybe core expense growth for 23, maybe even to 24%, particularly as you get a greater line of sight to residual savings with the Ameritrade integration?
Peter Crawford: Thank you. Thanks, Bill. So if I tell you everything about expenses, now you wont come to the winter business update in February. So I want to make sure -- I want to know, in all seriousness, were still working through our expense planning for 2023 and certainly 2024. I would say maybe a couple of things. First, maybe to take a step back, I mean, our #1 priority from an expense standpoint is always to support our clients. And this is a time period where our clients certainly need us. Beyond that, our priorities are really around driving down expense on client assets and through the cycle, not every year, but through the cycle, delivering operating leverage, which is a key part of our financial formula. And then, of course, making appropriate investments in the long-term profitable growth of our business. Its certainly a -- its a delicate balance to manage all 3, but I think youve seen us do that in the past. When times are -- when were facing more headwinds and tailwinds, we tend to pull back on that third one, and when we got the wind at our backs, we tend to lean a little bit more into some of those longer-term investments. In terms of the -- as you think about 2024, Walt talked about this, but maybe just to reiterate it on the expense there is really no changes in our thinking around expense -- or expectations around expense synergies. Certainly the magnitude of those synergies, we continue to be very committed to and confident in our ability to deliver on those. Wed expect, by the end of this year, well probably have achieved, on a run rate basis, roughly 60%, 65% of those expense synergies. And then with the integration time line that Walt talked about, we would expect to deliver the vast majority of those remaining synergies by the end of 2024.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: I was just hoping you could update us on the securities portfolio, reinvestment strategy and yields? How is that evolving? And it also looked like duration on the portfolio shortened a little bit. So I was hoping you could unpack some of the moving pieces that drove that? As rates did increase, do you feel like at this point, the book has sort of fully extended? And how do you think about any sort of risk of additional extension risk from here?
Peter Crawford: So from a reinvestment rate standpoint, we are focused on cash right now and maintaining cash. Theres not much reinvestment going on. On duration, youre absolutely right. Actually, despite the significant increase in rates across the curve in the last quarter, our duration on our investment portfolio actually shrank by a 10th, so we went from roughly [4.1] to a little under [4]. And that reflects the types of securities that we have purchased that we really very much target securities that dont have that degree of extension risks. So we feel really good about that. If you look at actually, theres a chart in the appendix, I encourage you to take a look at, that looks at the duration profile of our portfolio over time versus what you see in the some of the benchmarks. So we feel very, very good about the lack of duration extension risk in the portfolio.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: I just would like to maybe dig in a little bit on your current understanding that the situation is fluid. But -- and thanks for the incremental $10 billion so far borrowing on FHLB and the color around that. Where do you think that, that would peak out? Id assume, given the pace were running at and the fact that you dont think were going to see any worse experience than what we saw last cycle, were not very far from that period. And so is embedded within your guidance that the FHLB will ramp up into the beginning of next year and then be paid down as you hit that plateau, and you see cash begin to grow normally and then its off the balance sheet by the end of the year. Is that whats reflected, or could you give a little color around what your expectations are for that funding?
Peter Crawford: Sure. So I mean the important point is we definitely view this as very much a temporary funding source as it has been in the past. Weve used FHLB previously as a temporary funding source, and we absolutely view it the same way today. I mentioned earlier that we would expect it to be no higher than a mid-single-digit percent of our overall interest-earning assets, and that -- to be clear, that is the combination of FHLB as well as these other funding sources like CD issuance and so forth. And given our expectations that the client cash balances on the balance sheet trough at some point in 2023, that would be the period where wed be at the peak level. And then as we get to the cash balances grow that, that replaces the higher cost, but -- temporary higher cost, but temporary FHLB, CDs, et cetera, which, again, is helpful from a -- clearly, from a NIM standpoint as we start to pay those balances off and replace them with the client cash balances.
Brennan Hawken: Great. Just one quick follow-up. The CDs, is there any term or yes...
Jeff Edwards: Just remember, just one thing and Peters CFO commentary, right, he talked about a percentage that he thought might be appropriate through the remainder of the cycle. So thats definitely a good aiming point. And we arent accepting follow-ups. So I think we are it looks like the queue is now empty. So Ill turn it over to Walt to take us home.
Walt Bettinger: Thanks again, Jeff. And I want to thank everyone for joining us today. Today is actually a special day, an important milestone. As many of you know, our own Rich Fowler, he of the top-down days, this is his last quarter as Head of Investor Relations. My understanding is hes going to sprint off into retirement. Those of you who know Rich, know that he was a college level sprinter, which is no surprise to any of us who know Rich, but hes going to sprint off into retirement. Rich is the only CIRO that we have ever had at Schwab. Thats pretty remarkable. Hes been here through 3 CFOs, over 100 quarterly earnings cycles. But when I think of Rich, the things that stand out are his integrity, clarity, transparency, whether its disclosures, interactions with all of you, incredibly special. And as great of a CIRO as he is, he is an even better person. Were going to miss you, Rich. Youve done a wonderful job of preparing Jeff and team to step into your shoes. And I just -- and speaking directly to Rich, want him to rest assured that the priorities and values that hes embodied at Schwab will continue long after he has crossed the next finish line in his sprint. So thanks again, Rich, and thanks to all of you for joining us, and we look forward to speaking with you again in a future business update. Bye-bye.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 18:00:00) =====
Jeff Edwards: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Schwab's 2022 Summer Business Update. This is Jeff Edwards, Managing Director of Investor Relations. I can only imagine how unsettling it might be for some of our more tenured update attendees to not hear the soothing rhythm of Mr. Fowler's voice kicking off the webcast this morning. But fear not, he is here comfortably perched right next to me in his best Ariat boots as we broadcast live from our headquarters in Westlake, Texas. We once again have our esteemed [tripart] of our presenters for our 60-minute session today, which will include prepared remarks followed by Q&A. Walt Bettinger, along with Rick Wurster will provide a strategic update including insights into the current investor mindset as they navigate what has proven to be a challenging time in the market. Peter Crawford will then review our recent record financial performance as well as discuss our current financial outlook before taking us to Q&A, which I will help moderate. [Operator Instructions] A friendly reminder that today's materials will be posted to the IR website at the beginning of Peter's remarks. Last, but certainly not least, please do not forget to review our lovely wall of words, which reminds us all that outcomes can differ from expectations. So please stay up today with our disclosures. With all that behind us, it's time to dive in. Walt, over to you.
Walt Bettinger: Thanks a lot, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for investing some time to listen-in on our July business update. So 3 months ago, I emphasized the word consistency during our time together. And I stressed the way consistency plays a critical role at Schwab. A consistent business strategy, a consistent commitment to feeding the virtuous cycle and innovating on behalf of investors, a consistent financial reporting cadence, a consistent commitment to our employees and the communities that we live and work in. And in a consistent long-term approach that is focused not just on the current year, but on years to come. And today, as we discuss our second quarter results and our viewpoint for the future, the benefits of our consistent strategy and commitment to clients, I think, is highly evident. Because it's times like these when investor's sentiment is negative when the equity markets are falling, these are the times that separate companies who chase headlines and/or focus on short-term success from a company like Schwab, a company built to last, a company built to succeed in all environments. By serving investors and advisers in good times and difficult times, while also delivering the superior financial results that you see. Now before we discuss the second quarter in a bit more specifics, I want to touch on the announcement this morning from our Board of Directors that I would be joining our founder, Chuck Schwab, as Co-Chair of our Board. Although it's personally a tremendous honor that Chuck and the Board have seen fit to entrust me with this additional responsibility, the reality is this announcement is not about me. Announcement is aligned with the consistency theme that I just spoke of. Consistency and continuity are hallmarks of Schwab. They add to a sense of confidence that our clients, our employees, stockholders and the communities where we live and work can rely on. Our consistent strategy that we refer to as to clients' eyes is not a catchy slogan. It's a timeless strategy. It's timeless because, in our view, it is the only business strategy that can stand the test of time. A strategy that places our clients at the forefront of the decisions we make. And a key part of my new responsibilities as Co-Chair of the Board will be to ensure that our focus on clients, our consistent focus on clients remains the hallmark of Schwab for years to come. As all of you know well, in the second quarter, the equity markets officially entered bear market territory. Volatility remained quite high and the Federal Reserve advanced their efforts to bring inflation under control by raising interest rates. And of course, this continued with another 75 basis point increase yesterday, moving the target rate to between 2.25% and 2.5%. Now not surprisingly, investors felt this pain. They felt the pain from the equity market declines with investor sentiment falling sharply and reaching levels that we haven't seen in many, many years. Interestingly, however, Schwab clients continued to invest for the long haul. I guess you could say consistency is a hallmark of our clients also. The net buy/sell ratio of our clients during the quarter as punishing as the second quarter was, was only modestly lower than it was during the meme stock quarter back in Q1 of last year. I guess the takeaway is that our clients are investors. And with well over 30 million investor accounts, yes, there are different approaches for certain. Some are buy and hold, some trade actively, some rely on an independent adviser. Of course, many are a combination of all these. But what's important is that collectively, they take a long-term view of the markets. Collectively, they understand the power of being in the market. Collectively, they know that consistency, again, is the path to success when it comes to long-term investing. This long-term focus by our clients is not an accident. It's an outcome of our purpose and our strategy at Schwab because we focus on attracting long-term investors and cultivating them on educating them on the power of long-term diversified investing and being in the market and staying in the market and being consistent with their investing strategies. And of course, there it is, again, that word, consistency. We believe that a major part of why our clients can feel confident with taking a long-term approach to their investing is the confidence that they have in us at Schwab. Despite, again, what anyone would describe as a relatively brutal equity and bond market of late. Our clients still give us Net Promoter Scores in the mid- to high 60s. And with our fastest-growing client base, high net worth investors offering us our highest scores overall. Our client easy score is now more than 90, reflecting our commitment to making it easy for our clients to do business with us. And meanwhile, 83% of our clients rate their phone-based service experience with us as perfect, a score of 7 out of 7. In addition to our efforts, of course, around ease of business and quality of service being recognized by our clients, we're gratified that many third parties do as well. The importance of service quality, timely and responsive service, it's especially critical during difficult times for investors because it's service quality that helps keep these investors informed, aware and as confident as possible. It contributes to client engagement and optimism for the future. I just encourage you not to make the mistake and think that given where the markets are that our clients are not highly engaged, optimistic and investing for the long term. And I think as evidence reflecting this optimism, our clients continue to add money to their investing strategies at a relatively high rate despite the bear market with annualized organic growth about 5% and really rather astonishing for a bear market, 6% when we exclude April. And of course, it's record-breaking levels of tax payments. So this is a picture of a strong, healthy company excelling during a quarter as difficult as any quarter in many years. But I think what's also incredibly important is it's a picture of a healthy client base. A client base taking a long-term approach to investing a consistent long-term philosophy. Now with over $180 billion in core net new assets in the first half of this year and our seventh consecutive quarter with over 1 million new brokerage accounts, our organic growth is indisputable. We still maintain a net TOA ratio of approximately 1.6:1. That means we're winning $1.60 from competitors for every dollar they win from us. Again, reflecting our competitive strength from a relative market is also there. Importantly, our efforts to ensure long-term organic growth continues as we diversify our client base. You can see that over half of our new to retail clients are under the age of 40 and they drove over half of our new client net new assets. So this is particularly important because it illustrates that not only are we winning in the under 40 segment. But we are winning under 40 investors with substantial investable assets, not simply winning younger investors who have little money with which to invest. And as we've repeatedly emphasized, our business-serving independent investment advisers continues its success serving the needs of all sizes of advisers. So we aim to provide the best platform for every RIA regardless of size or business model or specialty. And our success in winning clients of all shapes and sizes clearly indicates we're succeeding. Now while we continue to be the leader in serving the largest advisers, again, what's fascinating about this chart, is that our largest share of net new assets year-to-date have actually come from smaller advisers, those who manage less than $500 million. As we've repeatedly stated, and I don't know how many more times we can continue, but we will keep saying it, our RIA custody business is committed to serving advisers of all sizes, in a world-class manner and without charging custodial fees. So Rick, let me turn it over to you, and you can cover some more details of some of our efforts.
Rick Wurster: Thanks, Walt, and hello, everyone. I'll spend the next few minutes talking more about why clients continue to turn to us in good times and in challenging times, and I'll share an update on several of our strategic initiatives. At the heart of our success is our Through Clients' Eyes strategy, which has been our consistent strategy for years. When we see Through Clients' Eyes, our priorities are clear. And what we continue to hear from clients is they want the combination of low-cost and high-quality experiences and solutions that deliver great value. The transparency that is the foundation of any trusted relationship, multichannel experiences that meet them where they are and ease. Clients expect their interactions with us to be easy. And they also want to consolidate as much of their financial lives as possible in the one place. The reason clients continue to turn to Schwab is our consistent no trade-offs approach that you've heard Walt talk about. At Schwab, clients don't have to choose between low-cost and stellar service. Access to some of the best service professionals in the industry and the digital and technology platforms and experiences they expect from a modern firm, straightforward foundational investment offers and more personalized solutions. Tools and capabilities for those who want to take investing into their own hands and a spectrum of advised offers that help clients get to where they want to go with the help of a professional. Proprietary and third-party products that give them the choice they want. They don't need to make any trade-offs because Schwab is uniquely positioned to deliver it all here with our strength as a wealth manager, as a bank and as an asset manager. Our size and our focus uniquely enable us to deliver for clients in a way that sets us apart in the industry. And this focus, which starts with seeing Through Clients' Eyes drives the virtuous cycle. This means we will continue to put clients at the forefront and challenge the status quo to benefit investors. And when we do that, investors will reward us by trusting us with more of their assets. This leads to consistent financial results and outstanding stockholder value, which enables us to continue to invest in our business to serve our clients' needs, and that brings us back to the start of the virtuous cycle. You see on this page what no trade-offs looks like for our clients. It is a competitive blended advice race, advise rate and the ability to talk to us quickly when you call for support. It is making investments to hire more client-facing employees who are there when a client walks in the door and investments in technology to make their experiences with us as easy as possible. It is a continuum of offerings ranging from straightforward to personalized that meets the needs of investors who are just starting out and the needs of our high net worth clients who are seeking advice. It is industry-recognized tools and resources for self-directed investors and advised offerings that continue to attract investors with more complex financial needs. And it is the product choice that our clients want. Our consistent strategy is supporting our clients through a challenging environment. At the same time, we remain focused on strengthening our offer to meet client needs into the future through our strategic focus areas. First, we're achieving even more scale and efficiency. Integration remains our #1 priority. The integration is bringing capabilities that make our combined offering experiences stronger than either firm was on its own. Our Schwab clients will benefit from thinkorswim, iRebal and thinkpipes, while our Ameritrade clients will benefit from the advice capabilities, banking solutions and digital experiences at Schwab. Together, our no trade-offs approach is even stronger. As we look to client day 1 beginning in 2023, we have already multiplied the scalability in our systems and increased our capacity to support client needs and growth well into the future. For example, we've increased systems capacity to support the volumes of the combined company with plenty of capacity for spikes in transaction volumes. The modernization work on our platforms has made them both more resilient as well as much easier to scale as the client base continues to expand. Our systems now support 4 to 6x the previous volume of transactions with faster processing times across the board, including for trades and client communications. We also remain focused on eased, making it easier for clients to do business with us and enhancing our operating model to support future growth. We're essentially accelerating several years of digital transformation into the integration window, enabling us to support a smooth client transition, deliver on our expense synergy commitments and limit expense growth after client conversion. Turning now to win-win monetization opportunities. We remain focused on 3 key areas: wealth management, asset management and lending. And I'll speak more about wealth and asset management in a moment, and I'll start with lending. The bank continues to be a differentiator for Schwab. We won the J.D. Power Award for being ranked highest in customer satisfaction with direct retail banking 4 years in a row. When we look at our lending business, even in the current interest rate environment, our TOA portfolio balance or pledged asset line portfolio balance was $14.8 billion, 42% above the prior year. And as we look ahead, we're excited to roll out a number of enhancements that will make it even easier to go through the loan process at Schwab. Finally, we're doing more to meet the segmented needs of our clients, including our high net worth clients, RIAs and other key client segments. As Walt mentioned in his opening comments, a key aspect of being an enduring company is serving a broad range of clients and continuing to meet their needs as their circumstances and behavior change. We compete, however, against a number of firms that focus on specific client segments to successfully compete against these firms, we will stay focused on our clients and leverage our scale to meet the needs of the various client segments that we serve. I'll wrap up today with a deeper look into how we're delivering a continuum of wealth management experiences, and I'll share more about our Trader segment in particular. Looking at the continuum of our wealth management offer, we have attractive full-service wealth programs and investing solutions that clients are turning to in the current market environment. When you look at our full-service wealth programs, we recently rebranded our premier wealth management offer Schwab Private Client, to be named Schwab Wealth Advisory to better reflect what the offer does for clients. We are investing in the offer, including enhancing our digital experience, providing resources and support to advisers to ensure even greater advice and service and bringing more of our wealth expertise at Schwab to the client. We also have investing solutions that clients often use as a part of their portfolio. With the increase in interest rates, we've seen record flows into Wasmer Schroeder on the Schwab platform. We've also launched new personalized investing solutions to complement the core offering. Schwab personalized indexing launched and is delivered for clients in a volatile market and has delivered on the promised tax savings. We continue to make progress on expanding our thematic investing offer. And in the second quarter, we further expanded our ESG tools with the introduction of MSCI's ESG ratings for individual stocks. There is tremendous opportunity ahead to enhance the wealth management experience. Over time, we'll look at providing a discretionary wealth management experience for clients and have plans to add digital capabilities to meet clients where they are. Now I'd like to turn to the work we are doing to support traders, one of our key segments. One of the benefits of integration is we will be able to offer Schwab and Ameritrade clients a leading end-to-end trading experience with thinkorswim, one of the strongest active trader platforms in the industry. In August 2020, we announced plans to adopt thinkorswim and integrate its award-winning trading platforms, education and tools into our trader offerings for clients. This will provide our trader clients with 3 interconnected channels of engagement across desktop, web and mobile, all integrated with one another. It's enhanced trading experiences and comprehensive set of trading tools across the product space, supporting equities, options, ETFs, futures and foreign exchange trading and a tightly integrated trade and portfolio analysis capability. In fact, we recently rolled out new enhancements that reinforce our commitment to the thinkorswim platform, including providing clients with greater opportunities for customization. And in April, we launched a virtual active trader branch. Here, active trader financial consultants focus on trader coaching and wealth management to help meet the unique needs of qualifying self-directed traders. Finally, I'd point out that one of our biggest focus area for our trader clients is trading platform stability. Nothing is more important to our business than safeguarding our systems and ensuring our clients have reliable access to their accounts. I'll wrap up where Walt started, with our Through Clients' Eyes approach as our consistent strategy, we continue to be there for our clients even as the market has become more challenging for them. This approach sets us apart in the industry and puts us in a strong competitive position, allowing us to continue to invest in the strategic initiatives that will meet client needs into the future, while enabling the outstanding financial performance that Peter is about to discuss. So Peter, over to you.
Peter Crawford: Well, thank you very much, Rick. So Walt and Rick talked about our ability to build and maintain the loyalty of our clients despite the challenging environment and very low investor sentiment. How that loyalty has translated into continued robust organic growth? The strong positioning we have built around modern wealth management and our progress and plans for making that position even more formidable. In my time today, I'll talk about how the combination of strong business momentum, a more subdued, but still quite active client base and rising interest rates produced record financial performance in the second quarter. I'll also provide an updated outlook for the rest of the year, which demonstrates the power of our all-weather business model and the benefits we derive from higher rates. And finally, I'll provide an update on our capital planning with our capital ratios having reached their highest level since the pandemic began, enabling us to potentially accelerate our capital return activities. What you'll hopefully hear is that this company continues to drive exceptional operating and financial performance, that we're clearly benefiting from higher rates and are poised to benefit even more in the quarters ahead. But that's only part of the story. In short, we're demonstrating once again the enduring power of Schwab's strategy and business model, one that combines growth, profitability and capital return with a lot more opportunity ahead of us. Let's talk about some of the factors that contributed to our strong financial performance in the second quarter. Our performance was obviously helped by higher interest rates across the curve, which boosted our net interest margin and BDA yield and eliminated money fund fee waivers by the end of the quarter. While falling equity markets weighed on asset management fees, and the ensuing decline in investor sentiment that Walt talked about resulted in trading activity and margin utilization that were lower than the first quarter but still at historically high levels. What endures amidst this choppy environment is our unmatched ability to drive robust organic growth. Roughly $185 billion in core net new assets in the first half of the year despite record high tax payments by clients, and 5% growth in active accounts on the heels of the unprecedented new account formation we saw in the first half of 2021. Despite some cross currents, our financial performance in the second quarter broke multiple records. Revenue increased 13% year-over-year and 9% sequentially, driven by a 31% increase in net interest revenue reflecting a 16 basis point year-over-year increase on our net interest margin, are up 24 basis points from the first quarter and interest-earning assets that largely were in line with expectations. Flat asset management and administrative fees, as the elimination of money fund fee waivers and organic inflows offset the impact of the market decline. And trading revenue that was lower than last year despite a slight increase in daily average trades. We limited adjusted expense growth of 2% year-over-year, all of which helped produce an adjusted pretax margin of 49.5%, a record $2 billion in adjusted net income and a record $0.97 in adjusted EPS. That was the income statement. Let's turn our attention briefly to the balance sheet. Our balance sheet assets declined 4% year-to-date due mostly to those record tax payments in April as well as some sorting activity in the second quarter that was consistent with our expectations given the rate environment. Our strong earnings, combined with that slight decrease in assets, boosted our capital ratios to the highest level we've seen in roughly 2.5 years. Despite the challenging equity markets, we feel very confident about our ability to drive strong revenue growth and resume a higher pace of capital return. Assuming the Fed follows through as the market predicts with a Fed funds rate exiting 2022 at 3.5%, we'd expect to produce an 11% to 13% year-over-year increase in revenue despite the market downturn. That reflects continued expansion of our net interest margin to just over 2% by Q4. Deposit betas that we expect to continue to run a bit lower than the last rising rate cycle and a continuation of clients moving some of their investment cash off our balance sheet in search of higher yields. But remember, when they do that, it frees up capital that we can return to our stockholders. We continue to thoughtfully and responsibly manage our expenses, navigating this inflationary environment, driving efficiency throughout our business and prioritizing our investments to advance the strategic agenda that Rick discussed. Controlling for an increase in the pass-through fee that boosts both revenue and expense and which we do not control, our full year expense outlook remains the same as what we shared back in February. And with our inaugural CCAR submission now behind us, which demonstrated the strength of our balance sheet as reflected the fact that we're the only firm to see an increase in capital ratios during the stress event. And our capital levels in the mid-6s, we are nearing the point at which we can accelerate capital return. You saw that the Board approved a 10% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.22 as well as a new $15 billion buyback authorization that we'd expect to utilize as soon as later this year and beyond. And at the same time, we also have the option of redeeming one or more of our outstanding preferreds. I want to close by picking up on a theme that Walt discussed in his opening comments, how this is as a company built and managed for the long term. So we're certainly pleased by our current financial performance despite the difficult macro environment. We are much more gratified by our ability to consistently drive a set of behaviors and outcomes that have enabled us to deliver for clients and stockholders for over 4 decades. Continuing to be the premier asset gatherer as indicated by our net new assets, new accounts and TOA ratio, a reflection of our Through Clients' Eyes strategy and formidable competitive position. Building a diversified and resilient business model that converts business growth into revenue growth, producing record revenue in the second quarter maintaining discipline in how we manage expenses, producing operating leverage through the cycle and increasing margins, which have now reached nearly 50% and have an opportunity to continue to climb and being very efficient in how we deploy the capital that has been entrusted to us or as we're now poised to do return excess capital back to our stockholders. Make no mistake, Challenging conditions in all this is a good environment for both our actual financial results and our future financial prospects, and we intend to pursue those prospects as we remain focused on serving clients and being good stewards of our stockholders' capital. With that, Jeff, let me turn it over to you to facilitate our Q&A.
Jeff Edwards: Operator, let's open up the phone lines and turn to the first person in the queue.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from Ken Worthington with JPMC.
Ken Worthington: I guess first, what was the level of cash sorting that you saw in the second quarter? And what is your outlook for the size of the balance sheet or interest-earning assets, however you want to answer it. For 2022, given what you're learning about cash sorting and your internal outlook or whatever for net new assets? And then any thought on the mix of your balance sheet in terms of cash and the investment portfolio as we continue to walk through this cash sorting process through the rest of the year and beyond.
Peter Crawford: Thanks, Ken, for the question. So I would say, in aggregate, the dynamics around cash sorting in the second quarter were very consistent with our overall expectations. And I think this is -- I know there's going to be a lot of questions about sorting. So an attempt maybe to anticipate or perhaps preempt them. It might be helpful just to share a few high-level thoughts around sorting. I want to reiterate that our expectation is that the level of sorting won't be higher than the last rising rate cycle, and it actually could be somewhat lower given the fact that we're not going through the bulk transfer process that we're doing in the last rising rate cycle, that we have an influx of smaller accounts who tend to do less sorting. And we also have a client base that is much more actively trading than they were previously, and we know that when clients are trading, they tend to keep more transactional cash. Second, we know from history that eventually cash, both total cash and on balance sheet cash will find its level, after which point it will grow with the growth in accounts and the growth of total client assets. Third, and this is really important, the cash is staying at Schwab. We've done a lot to create a great array of cash solutions and we've done a lot and continue to do a lot to make our clients aware of those solutions, make sure they're making smart decisions with regard -- regarding their cash. We want our clients to be happy, and we want that cash to stay at Schwab, and that we're seeing -- certainly seeing that happen. Fourth, I think when you look at sorting in isolation, you're only really looking at one part of the equation. And what I mean by that is that the rate increases that give rise to the sorting also help us earn more on the interest assets that remain here, the cash that remains here. Driving NIR higher despite lower interest-earning assets. So in the scenario that we shared, if you do the math, as an example, you'll see that we'd expect to generate roughly $500 million more in net interest revenue in the fourth quarter than we did in the second quarter despite allowing for some continuation of the client cash sorting. And the last point I would make, fifth point I would make is to the extent that cash balances decrease, it frees up capital, enabling us to buy back stock and drive EPS growth one way or the other. Hopefully, that answers your question, Ken.
Ken Worthington: Awesome. And then just on the win-win monetization as a key priority. You've announced the enhanced relationship with T. Rowe. I guess how is that proceeding? And then can you talk about plans to further build on what you started with T. Rowe with other asset managers? What's the road map? And what should we be expecting for the $1.5 trillion or so of third-party fund assets that you're not charging asset managers directly for right now.
Rick Wurster: Thank you for the question. First thing I would say as it relates to your specific question, Ken, on T. Rowe, I would say that it's very early days. We're just getting that program going. We are seeing some enthusiasm for it among our clients. And we are seeing a simpler process that we've built around our clients finding the product that they want to be well received by our clients. So we're making it easier for clients to find the right product for them. In terms of specifics, I would say that we've launched the T. Rowe program into a challenging market, where we're seeing both active management and interest and equities declined to some extent because of the volatility in the market. And so we've seen some headwinds, but with those headwinds, of course, I'd bring it back to our all-weather model when active management is out of favor, passive is in favor, and we've seen strong growth in our ETF business. We're third this year in flows with relatively strong inflows. So again, we think about it as an all-weather model. And importantly, we also think about delivering the choice clients want. So the program is doing exactly what we'd want it to so far. We've got plans in the future to leverage the program to a greater extent. And we're also investing in our experience for advisers through an institutional no transaction fee platform, I think shows again our commitment to delivering for advisers. In terms of your final part of your question, Ken, I think the philosophy of making sure that we create a win-win deal for clients for ourselves and for managers is important and one that we will continue to strike across our third-party platform. So that's certainly a part of our future plans.
Operator: Next question comes from Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler.
Rich Repetto: Walt and Rick and Peter, I guess, first, congrats, Walt, on being named co-Chairman of Schwab. It's a great honor for you, for sure. So my first question would be just a follow-up on the sorting. And Peter, you didn't -- or one of the questions was the balance sheet or the average interest-earning assets exiting the year? And can you sort of more quantitatively sort of compare 2Q sorting to what your expectations were and the expectations, I guess, for the rest of the year as well.
Peter Crawford: Thanks, Rich. So you'll see in the appendix, we have a lot of detail around the assumptions in the scenario that we shared. And you'll see in the appendix an assumption that the balance sheet contracts by a similar aggregate level as what we saw in the first half of the year. Bearing in mind, of course, that the first half of the year was influenced by the tax payments in April as well as the changes in the mark-to-market value of the available-for-sale securities. And of course, in the second half of the year, you typically have a seasonal tax buildup in December.
Rich Repetto: Okay. I'll look at the appendix closer. I guess a follow-up question would be for Walt. And it's on regulation and I think everybody is aware, Chair Gensler, SEC Chair Gensler made some remarks in early June about things that he was looking at, not formal proposals, but things that he was going to emphasize in regards to retail equity market structure. And I just wanted to get Walt, what sort of Schwab's view on some of the changes that at least he has spoken out in favor, including the minimum price increments, the smaller NBBO protected sizes in this order by order competition?
Walt Bettinger: Sure. Thank you, Rich. And also thank you for the kind words. I'm excited and as I mentioned, honored to add the additional responsibilities as Co-Chair to my duties as CEO. So of course, we all watched with great interest your interview with Chair Gensler. And we have great respect for the Chair as well, frankly, as his objective of striving to improve the trading experience for investors overall. I think in fairness, we have to wait and see what any actual proposal might be and what it might entail. It's also important for us to bear in mind that I think it's safe to say that retail investors have never had a better overall experience, including the quality and timeliness of their execution. It's difficult to comment on all the various items that Chair Gensler spoke on, but maybe I'll just identify the last one to provide some thoughts for everyone, around the idea from an auction. I mean, certainly, an auction idea is interesting. But I do worry a bit about whether it contemplates auctions in all different types of market environments. We know that in the current structure, execution, timeliness and speed is assured no matter what the environment is. And when I just take a step back, say, from the equity markets and just think of auctions in general, whether you're auctioning a home or art or something near and dear to my heart, baseball cards, since I'm a baseball card collector. Auctions tend to work really well when you have a favorable economic environment and a lot of liquidity in a system. And conversely, auctions tend to struggle during a more difficult economic environments or when there's less liquidity. And you start to get wide gaps and spreads between what maybe the seller in the case of an auction was hoping to receive and price what they actually receive. So again, I'm not suggesting that, that illustration says that an auction couldn't be workable. But I just think these are the kind of things that have to be very carefully thought through. The math needs to be done very thoughtfully and evaluated to see whether we're actually creating a better environment for investors overall. And I am confident that, that appropriate process will be followed if, in fact, these rules are formally proposed.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: I wanted to follow up just on the expense outlook and understand the guidance for this year. Looking at the second half of the year, maybe what the incremental spend outside of the exchange fee rate increase, where those levels might be? And then thinking a little bit forward into next year, can you remind us what's left in terms of synergies and how we can think about maybe that rolling through in 2023 and maybe a more normalized kind of growth rate for expenses longer term?
Peter Crawford: Sure. So thanks for the question. So in terms of the expense outlook, I shared in this scenario what the expense outlook would be for the full year. So looking at our typical seasonal pattern, you tend to see a little bit lighter expenses in the third quarter and a little bit heavier in the fourth quarter. So as you think about the math on that. I think the important point on expenses is, is we want to continue to drive down our expense on client assets through the cycle. And we want to continue to deliver operating leverage, which is a key part of our financial formula. At the same time, we want to make sure that we're investing in our clients and certainly the long-term growth of our business. That is certainly a delicate balance, but I think you've seen us manage that to achieve that overtime with EOCA declining and our margins increasing. So that continues to be our focus. Sorry, the second question -- part of your question was on -- try again.
Dan Fannon: Just longer term, the expense synergies as we think about '23 coming back.
Peter Crawford: Sorry, the expense synergies yes. So we have roughly -- perhaps a little bit less than half of the overall expense synergies to deliver. We've said previously that the pace of delivery will be a little bit lighter now relative to the first year or 2 post acquisition. The next big unlock on those expense synergies will be as we complete the client conversions and can eliminate the duplicate systems and so forth that you should see a more meaningful portion of the expenses -- expense synergies materialize at that point in time. We continue to feel very confident in our ability to hit the expense synergy numbers that we have shared previously.
Dan Fannon: And then just as a follow-up, Walt, just thinking about the adviser backdrop and attracting new advisers in a more volatile backdrop. Can you talk about the backlog? And is that harder for maybe those advisers to move their books when clients are maybe not doing as well? Or are you seeing just as robust a pipeline as you have previously?
Walt Bettinger: Yes. That's -- it's a good question. So right now, I think the pipeline is as robust as we've ever experienced. But I believe your assumption is not an inaccurate one that when you have a more difficult equity market, that it is probably a little bit more difficult for advisers to move to independents, but it's probably a lag factor, which is why we're not seeing it reflected in our current book of business. I think more what you see in real time is that some investors who invest with advisers may be a bit more hesitant to move money under the management of that adviser during a very difficult market environment. So you probably get more near-term implication from that. And maybe a little bit more of a lag implication from a weaker equity market in terms of advisers moving to independents. But as of right now, our pipeline is as strong and robust as we've experienced. And we feel very optimistic about our ability to assist those advisers moving independents and moving their assets to us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brennan Hawken [ph] with UBS.
Unidentified Analyst: I'm glad she said UBS because I did not catch the name she said. So Peter, wanted to follow up with you on the appendix and the reference cash? And just clarify some of your prior comments about sorting. I think previously on the spring update, you had indicated that a roughly 20% decline in sweep cash would be the expectation based upon the experience last cycle. And when we look at the pie chart that shows the cash breakdown, I would assume that, that 20% would apply to really just the universe that doesn't include, obviously, sweep money fund. BDA has a different profile, as you said, more active-oriented and checking and savings. Is that the base that we should be thinking about when we're applying that 20%?
Peter Crawford: So thanks for the question. So just to clarify, I think what we said in the spring business update that we didn't expect it to be higher than that level. And as I mentioned today, I think it could conceivably be lower than that. But you are right that when you think about the pool that we're talking about here, it is really that Bank Sweep and perhaps to a lesser extent, the free credit -- broker-dealer free credit balances you see in the pie chart. So it definitely is not on the total pool of cash. You're absolutely right about that.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And when we think about the 2Q experience, it's a little tricky because we had some sorting get started. You had said it was roughly in line with your expectations, which is encouraging. But there was some tax noise in there, too. When we think about the reductions in the quarter, it might have been actually partially offset by some increase in cash due to volatility. Can you maybe help us think through sorting experience to date so we can know how to calibrate for that less than 20% threshold, just so for those who are keeping score at home.
Peter Crawford: Yes. So that's maybe one we want to have you follow up with the IR team to kind of walk you through some of the numbers and the -- go through the smart reports to get to that level of detail on the timing on all of that. I think that's probably the best the best path on that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Fair enough. Maybe since that's a bit of a mulligan, maybe I'll try for my second question with something a little different. You give in the appendix some greater profile of the securities portfolio, which is really great and really helpful. When we're thinking about the potential for cash needs in the coming year as potentially sorting might happen a little faster, who knows. What does the profile of maturities in the securities book look like over the next roughly 12 months, let's say? Do you have an idea or a projection about how much cash will be generated from that portfolio?
Peter Crawford: [Indiscernible] my mic here. So we certainly do. And definitely one of the things that we look to actively manage. Our overall portfolio duration now is down to about a little over 4%. It's probably more like 3.5-ish when you consider the cash we're holding more cash. And so we are definitely maintaining a much more liquid portfolio today, targeting new investments to be very short. Now that gives us a lot of asset sensitivity, but also gives us a lot of liquidity to be able to support a wide range of possible outcomes around this client activity.
Jeff Edwards: I'm stepping here with a couple of questions from the web console. I'm going to try to aggregate them. I think the first one here is for you, Rick. Given the recent backdrop and kind of shifting environment where have we seen clients kind of gravitate from an advice and asset management solution perspective? Where are they most interested?
Rick Wurster: Well, top line, I would say, our advice flows continue at pace, roughly in line with where they have been. The areas of particular interest, I would say, there continues to be interest in full-service wealth advice capabilities. So we're seeing flows into our Schwab Advisor Network program and we're seeing flows into our Schwab Wealth Advisory program, both of which are full-service wealth offering. So that would be the #1 theme we're seeing. Second theme I would highlight is that in this interest rate environment, we're seeing more interest in fixed income solutions. And so our acquisition of Wasmer Schroeder a couple of years ago has been timely as flows have increased, and Wasmer Schroeder has captured a meaningful share of those and is setting records each month in terms of flows into Wasmer Schroeder on our platform. And then the third thing I would say is we are seeing stability outside of those programs. So Windhaven and Thomas Partners, and different offerings you've heard about over the years have been stable and returned to inflows. The one area where we're running a little bit behind what we typically see would be our Intelligent portfolios. And I think that's to be expected in this period of more volatility where clients who tend to have lower balances are a little bit shy of making that commitment in a volatile equity market. But overall, our flows continue into the managed investing and wealth area. And those are the areas that have been of particular interest to clients.
Jeff Edwards: Great. And here, maybe one for Walt. Just around, let's say, Schwab's persistent and steady business momentum through shifting environments and a changing competitive landscape over the years. What are some of the main forces you'd attribute to this steady growth, secular growth? And anything that you note that's changing or evolving on that front?
Walt Bettinger: Thanks, Jeff. I think Rick really did a great job of addressing this in his prepared remarks. But it starts with our long-time strategy Through Clients' Eyes. And we strive to make decisions that put the needs of our clients at the forefront. Basically, the golden rule applied in a business context, and we execute on our strategy by striving for no trade-offs. We've always believed that wonderful service, first-rate advice, quality client solutions. They can be delivered at a world-beating value that no trade-off is required there. Again, it might not be snappy and might not generate a lot of press, but serving others in the way that we would want to be served, it has been and is the right strategy in our view, for long-term growth. And in terms of changes, we're not really seeing any meaningful changes in this trajectory. I mean, obviously, different market environments are going to lead to modestly different client metrics as they always have. But as I spoke about earlier, our clients are long-term investors and they're remaining committed to their investing strategies even during this difficult environment.
Jeff Edwards: Operator, go ahead with the next caller.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America.
Craig Siegenthaler: So organic growth has deteriorated at the new retail trading platforms, and we want to get an update on the competitive dynamics in your retail business -- and really, if you could highlight what trends you're seeing from younger first-time investors.
Walt Bettinger: So I'll take a first stab at that. Thanks for the question, Craig. The -- our retail business is continuing to perform very, very well with meaningful net new assets from our projection standpoint, actually outperforming some of the projections that we had anticipated. We continue to add, as you've seen significant new -- with over 1 million new brokerage accounts in the quarter. And I think what's very important for the one slide I discussed with more than half of our new-to-firm retail households under the age of 40 is, they're making up more than half of our new-to-firm net new assets. So these are real investors that have real money and they continue to come to Schwab in very significant numbers. So our retail business is very healthy. Our TOA ratios relative to the firms that we compete with for retail investors remain very, very healthy, and we're quite optimistic about that continuing despite the difficult environment.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you. And my follow-up, similar topic, retail trading platforms. So now that you're finishing up digesting your last set of deals. And I know one of them is going to take a couple more years for the revenue synergies really to kick in. But how would you think about inorganic opportunities relating to retail trading platforms, especially given that you're freeing up some excess capital, where these platforms could allow you to acquire a larger number of younger clients.
Walt Bettinger: Well, I think we try to apply the same level of discipline and thoughtfulness to any M&A opportunity that we would in the future as we have in the past. We recognize that there may well be opportunities in the future, just as there have been in the past. We've looked carefully at everything that's been there in the past, and we'll look carefully at anything that may present itself in the future. That said, particularly given our strong profitability and capital creation, we would want to weigh any possible M&A activity against the other alternatives for deploying capital, including buying back stock in a company that we know very, very well. And have tremendous confidence in its ability to continue to grow organically, of course, I'm talking about Schwab. So we'll look at everything carefully, but it will be a meaningful threshold for us to consider deploying capital in a manner other than investing in a business as strong as ours.
Jeff Edwards: Coming in with one other kind of set of questions from the webcast. We've got some stuff, Peter, for you around AOCI and something that's been top of mind for folks. Maybe you could quickly hit on that just to address those questions.
Peter Crawford: Sure. Thanks, Jeff. And so I've certainly read with some interest, a lot of the, I guess, the questions and the commentary about AOCI and whether this is going to impact our capital planning, our capital activities. And certainly understandable given the size of the AOCI. But frankly, our negative AOCI is not one of the top 30 things I worry about as CFO. And maybe it's important to set a little bit of context. Remember, these are mark-to-market unrealized losses. And they only matter from a regulatory standpoint, if we're over $700 billion in assets for 4 consecutive quarters. So -- it's not like we're going to suddenly -- we're not going to see this point coming well in advance. The other point is that AOCI goes down with lower rates. And it also amortizes steadily over time, about 15% or closer to 20% per year over the next 4 to 5 years. So the only scenario where it poses a problem is, if rates are high and balances are growing, which, of course, would be a scenario in which we're producing very, very strong net interest revenue, very, very strong earnings. And we also have the ability, if somehow we find ourselves in this situation to utilize our sweep tower to move some of those balances off our balance sheet into Sweep money funds. So I think the bottom line that you should take away is that AOCI considerations are not influencing our capital planning activities at all right now.
Jeff Edwards: Great. Thank you, Peter. Operator, maybe we have time for one more question from the queue.
Operator: Our last question will come from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Congrats to you, Walt as well. The -- just on to cash sorting, maybe just some clarifications on the appendix, the 6% to 10% drop in the balance sheet. First of all was that on an end of period total asset basis or average or interest -- or on interest-earning assets? And then, Peter, just your view of cash sorting past the Fed tightening cycle. So if the Fed were to stop at the -- let's say, by the end of the year, would you still expect to see a significant amount of cash sorting into 2023? Or do you think that really abates? And if I could squeeze one more in there on the BDA, I don't know if I missed this, but did you move any BDA assets over in July? And if you didn't, do you have the capacity to move $10 billion over this year?
Peter Crawford: Okay. So that was 3 questions there. Let me see if I can take them all. I think what we saw in the last rising rate cycle is when the Fed stops raising rates, the sorting over time goes down. The pace of sorting goes down as the cash -- the most yield-sensitive cash moves and then, again, eventually the cash balance is fine the level and then start growing again. The assumption in the appendix, certainly encourage you to follow up with the IR team on that. It is end of period assets. And your third question about the BDA is that we'd have taken a lot of balances out of the BDA in the first half of the year. I wouldn't necessarily expect us to take more balances in the second half of the year necessarily. But I think it's important to remember, think of the BDA as almost like another interest-earning asset, and that it's about a 20% floating allocation, which reprices very quickly as Fed funds rate increases. It's got roughly -- if you look at the securities portfolio, it's just over 2, 2.5 years, somewhere in that range in terms of duration. And actually, if you look at the portfolio sort of maturity schedule, which we can also share with you, there's a period of time in a few years where some of the balances that we put on that we fixed during the last [indiscernible] environment start to roll off, which creates a really nice opportunity to pick up a significant amount of yield on the BDA or bring them over to our balance sheet over time.
Brian Bedell: And if I could just follow up on the roll-off on the securities portfolio. Again, a great color on the appendix on the reinvestment rates. What are the current roll-off rates on that securities portfolio? And then do you have any update on the premium amortization from your last guidance in the first quarter?
Jeff Edwards: Brian, it's Jeff. That's something we can follow up with you. Peter, I think we're up on the hour, do you want to take it...
Peter Crawford: Yes. So thank you. And certainly, thanks, everyone, for the questions and certainly thank you all for the time today. And we clearly spent a lot of time over the last several months discussing interest rates and cash balances, sorting, trading levels. I think what you've probably heard is, I certainly -- none of us can sit here and tell you exactly how those will go over the next few months or quarters. But one thing we remain very confident about is our outlook through the cycle. Confident in our long-term financial formula, which, those of you who followed the company for a while, recall as high single-digit to low double-digit client asset growth, including 5% to 7% organic growth, leading to a similar level of revenue growth. Expanding pretax margins through scale and expense discipline, which creates low double-digit earnings growth, which plus some amount of capital return creates mid-teens EPS growth. That formula remains as relevant today as ever. So you want to put all together what you see as a company poised to combine strong revenue growth over time with significant capital return. But also, I think this goes back to what Walt said, a company that isn't now and has never been satisfied, pressing ahead from a position of strength. Thank you all, and we'll look forward to talking with you again in October.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-21 11:00:00) =====
Richard Fowler: And we're live. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Schwab's Spring 2022 Business Update. This is Rich Fowler, Head of Investor Relations. And first off, we want to thank you for spending some time with us today. And as always, we hope everyone on the call and your families remain safe and well as the pandemic continues on its, knock wood, downward path.
 We do have a full program today, including our President, Rick Wurster's inaugural interim update participation. So let's do a quick administrative review and get right into it.
 As the holding slides indicated, Walt, Rick and Peter are the presenters today. The program remains at 60 minutes with Q&A following prepared remarks. Jeff Edwards will once again moderate the Q&A session. We'll take questions from the dial-in and the webcast console. [Operator Instructions] Also as before, we will post the slides on the IR site as Peter begins his remarks. And finally, please make note of the forward-looking statement language, as always.
 And with that, Walt, will you start us off? 
Walter Bettinger: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning. Consistency, it's a word that I spend a lot of time on, and it's a word that is critical at Schwab. It means that we're committed to a consistent business strategy, a consistent commitment to feeding the virtuous cycle of innovating on behalf of investors, a consistent financial reporting cadence, a consistent commitment to our employees and the communities that we live and work in and a consistent long-term approach. It's focused not just on the current year but on years to come.
 But when I talk about consistency, I also want to emphasize that it doesn't mean that we have to be slow or stodgy or unwilling to be disruptive. Frankly, I don't think I've ever heard anyone refer to Schwab as unwilling to be disruptive. But it does mean that clients can count on us through good times for investing as we enjoyed much of last year as well as more difficult times. It means that they know we work hard to improve on our shortcomings and that we will continue to innovate, enhance and keep their best interest at the forefront of our firm.
 I think as all of you know who have followed our company, taking a long-term client-centric approach, it's not always easy. But after almost 14 years as CEO, I'm as committed as ever to my belief that it is really the only path to rewarding long-term stockholders. And in the first quarter of this year, we executed on that exact approach despite it being a tough quarter for investors.
 And clients continue to reward us with their business, over 1 million new brokerage accounts, over $120 billion in net new assets. We're just going to continue investing to better serve them and innovate on their behalf. Importantly, we're also going to remain consistent in our strategic approach, Through Clients' Eyes, and that is our North Star.
 So let's take a look at some of the details from the first quarter and the implications for our long-term emphasis. It was, I guess, you could say a fairly brutal quarter for investors, whether they were conservative, aggressive or anywhere in between. So we had 4 decade-high inflation, and the resulting anticipated increase in interest rates really punished fixed income investors. And of course, the equity market declined rather sharply before we saw a modest comeback a bit late in that first quarter.
 But despite it being a difficult quarter, again, clients continued to trust us. They continued to bring their hard-earned investment dollars to Schwab and opened new accounts with us. We maintained an organic growth rate in terms of core net new assets at the same consistent level we've been able to deliver for over a decade. We've done that in good times. We've done it in more difficult times. And of course, we've done it even as we've grown larger, had a much larger base, and therefore, presumably more challenging.
 Taking a look at the next slide, investor sentiment felt pretty hard during the quarter. It turned quite a bit negative, then we had a small recovery in the market late again in the quarter, created a little bit of a lift off the floor from where we were in sentiment. But we saw the sentiment manifest itself throughout the quarter, things like margin loan balances falling about $6 billion from year-end. And although trading activity was relatively robust overall, I think as Peter is going to discuss in his section, the mix of those trades changed and reflected much more of what we might consider a risk-off viewpoint by investors.
 But again, with our commitment to consistency, it means we're -- we don't slam on the gas or slam on the brakes depending on environmental factors that are going on around us. Instead, we're -- our strategic efforts are designed to enhance services to clients for years to come, deliver financial benefits to stockholders over the years. So as you would expect, we will continue making investments for the long term consistent with the 3 key strategic initiatives that we've shared with you multiple times.
 And Rick, maybe I can turn it over to you, and you can spend a bit of time discussing some of those efforts. 
Rick Wurster: Thank you, Walt, and hello, everyone. I'm thrilled to be here today to share an update on the progress we have made this year to advance our key strategic initiatives. Walt talked about consistency. Our actions continue to be guided by our Through Clients' Eyes strategy. With that as our North Star, we're focused on the 3 actions that you see on this page: achieving even more scale and efficiency, pursuing win-win monetization and meeting the segmented needs of our clients. In this quarter, we've made progress on all fronts, and I'd like to start by sharing some of the updates on scale and efficiency.
 In the first quarter, the key measure of our scale and efficiency, our expense on client assets, or EOCA, was 15 basis points or 13 basis points on an adjusted basis. Although that's up slightly from recent levels due to seasonal expenses and the market decline, we continue to believe that this lower cost to serve provides us with a competitive edge.
 To illustrate the power of the investments we've made in digital and technology capabilities, I think it is remarkable that we have bolstered our trading system capacity by more than 5x over the last 5 years. To put that in perspective, this means that we have the ability within a handful of minutes to handle the same system volume we would have handled in an entire day only a few years ago.
 As we think about the future for us in scale and efficiency, our top priority remains consistent: the integration of Ameritrade. And we made consistent and more progress on this front in the first quarter of this year, including duly licensing Ameritrade financial consultants. This has a number of important benefits, including making client day 1 easier and providing the opportunity to introduce our wealth management capabilities and improving retention and win-win monetization.
 Speaking of win-win monetization, I spoke in January about 3 areas where we see the opportunity to help more clients and to drive growth, and those areas are asset management wealth management and lending. I'm going to focus my comments today on 2 of those areas, asset management and lending.
 On the proprietary asset management side, I am thrilled to share that last week, we launched Schwab Personalized Indexing. Our proprietary launch provides tax benefits to investors. It brings the minimum on our platform for direct indexing down to $100,000 from the $250,000 level that it was at for the third-party product that has been on our platform. Yet that $100,000 minimum is still at a level where we think meaningful tax benefits can be provided to clients.
 And finally, we launched at 40 basis points for retail clients and 25 basis points for advisers, which are very competitive fee points. You can expect us to continually innovate in this area, and stay tuned for more updates as it relates to personalization and a digital experience within our personalized indexing offer.
 In February, we launched our new strategic relationship with T. Rowe Price. This launch has a number of client benefits, including providing RIAs with no transaction fee access to T. Rowe's -- T. Rowe Price's lowest-cost institutional share class funds.
 Turning now to lending. I've talked previously about the potential upside to enhancing our lending offer for both IS and AS clients. Most importantly, I think this would be a win for clients. Clients are asking to do their bond through Schwab, and we know they can access our industry-leading low rates here.
 We've made a lot of progress on this front this year. We've cut our pledged asset line. Our PAL cycle time is down significantly. We've created a new lending experience for our ultra-high net worth clients. And we've worked with Rocket Mortgage to make it easier for our $5 million-plus clients to get a mortgage. All of this has resulted in our Client Promoter Scores for lending being at 77 in the first quarter, which is near all-time highs, suggesting clients are seeing the value from this offer.
 Let me wrap up with sharing a bit more on our efforts to meet the specific needs of our client segments. As I mentioned earlier, seeing Through Clients' Eyes is our North Star, and we made progress this quarter to meet the needs and preferences of a range of investors, and I want to share an update on that.
 For trading-oriented and newer clients, we launched Thematic Stock List in March. This is an innovative new tool that will help trading-oriented and newer clients identify themes that may be of interest to them and help them identify investment and trading opportunities. We have over 45 themes available for clients today, including a number of ESG-related themes. You can expect from us additional advancements as it relates to this capability and the way we deliver to clients over time.
 Turning now to our high net worth client segment. This client segment grew at 5x the rate of retail households year-over-year. And we continue to enhance our advice, our service and our offers like lending to make sure that they meet the specific needs of our high net worth clients.
 More broadly, we've continued to make progress to build out our relationship support model. We've added financial consultants, wealth strategists and other professionals to make sure that investors at Charles Schwab feels supported. For our trader clients, we've established the first-ever Ameritrade Active Trader FC branch. For our ESG investors, we've recently launched MSCI ESG ratings on individual stocks that our clients can use to evaluate the investment decisions they're making alongside other criteria that they like to look at. This new resource on ESG adds to other enhancements that we've made in the past year for ESG investors, including the launch of the Schwab Ariel ESG ETF, the Wasmer Schroeder positive impact strategy launched last year, ESG-related themes that can be found in the Thematic Stock List, and access to an ESG index as part of our recent Schwab Personalized Indexing launch.
 And finally, we also have an RIA client segmentation strategy. Our AS model is designed to serve clients of all sizes, from clients just starting their businesses to large multifamily offices and everywhere in between. Late last year, we segmented our client base into 3 subsegments to tailor support to the needs and priorities of our different advisers. Early results show this specialization or segmentation has been immensely successful with client satisfaction up and improved service.
 As we look ahead, you will continue to see the consistency of our strategy. With Through Clients' Eyes as our North Star, we will continue to put our clients first as we make progress on these important initiatives.
 And with that, I will turn it back to Walt. 
Walter Bettinger: Thanks, Rick. It's a wonderful summary of several of the efforts going on across the firm to better serve our clients and build stockholder value over time.
 Someone asked me in a meeting Tuesday morning, they said, "Walt, what are you going to do about the decline in SCHW that happened on Monday?" And it probably shouldn't surprise any of you what my answer was. I said, "It's pretty simple. We're going to keep focusing on our clients and our prospects. We're going to keep executing on the virtuous cycle. We're only scratching the surface of the available domestic market with about 12% penetration."
 And when we do those things well, I'm confident in our future prospects. We never panic. We never try to pull rabbits out of the hat. We're never going to try and make short-term results by deviating from an approach that has worked for 50 years.
 So just to wrap things up in my segment, yes, it's a tough environment for investors. But our all-weather financial model performed quite strongly during a period of market turbulence. And when I look out through the course of 2022, I am very optimistic about our earnings potential. More on that will come from Peter.
 But no matter how the year unfolds, you can count on the fact that we will remain consistent in the areas that matter most: a strategy based on seeing the world Through Clients' Eyes, a set of competitive advantages that we continue to enhance, a commitment to the virtuous cycle that continually rewards our clients, our employees and our long-term stockholders. We'll keep making progress on our key strategic initiatives that Rick referenced, and we'll keep making progress on the integration of TD Ameritrade. And we'll do it all in a consistent manner with a winning strategy, Through Clients' Eyes.
 So Peter, I know a lot of folks are anxious to hear from you. So let me turn it over to you for a look at our financials. 
Peter Crawford: Excellent. Well, thank you very much, Walt. So you all heard Walt and Rick talk about the continued success we're having winning clients in spite of somewhat more subdued investor sentiment and engagement; the progress we're making in bringing new solutions to our clients and advancing our strategic priorities; and finally, about the huge opportunity we have to broaden our moat and continue to drive strong organic growth.
 In my time today, I want to talk about how our all-weather business model helped us produce results. They were off last year's record level but still quite strong considering the various headwinds we faced. I'll discuss our evolving investment management thinking and how we're positioned to benefit significantly if the Fed hikes rates as expected.
 And finally, I'll provide an update on our capital management approach moving forward. The message you should hear is that regardless of how someone might have viewed our recent quarter's financial results, our Through Clients' Eyes strategy is working and our business model is working, producing strong financial performance with the potential for an acceleration of revenue growth in the quarters ahead should the Fed follow through on their tightening cycle.
 So let's talk about some of the cross-currents that influenced our financial performance in the first quarter. At our winter business update a few months ago, we highlighted some of the questions that would shape our operating and financial performance in 2022. As Walt talked about, the quarter was a challenging one for our clients and investors in general.
 As we look at the quarter from the context of our business model, some of the developments have been helpful: the decline in COVID cases, clearly; the rise in long-term interest rates; and continued robust trading activity. While others have presented challenges, specifically rapidly rising inflation; a Fed funds rate, which, of course, is expected to rise dramatically over the next several quarters, but which remain near 0 for most of the quarter; a decline in equity markets that Walt referenced; and a less exuberant attitude among investors in general and our clients in particular.
 Now despite some of those challenging dynamics, we were able to deliver financial performance that was a bit below last year's record level but still quite solid. As we said previously, with the acquisition of Ameritrade, we are more exposed to dynamics that can fluctuate in less predictable ways: trading behavior, margin utilization and securities lending to name a few. In Q1, the risk off sentiment among clients impacted all these drivers and weighed on our results, resulting in revenue that was down 1% from the unprecedented Q1 of 2021. Now we limited growth in adjusted expenses to 4% year-over-year, which produced an adjusted pretax margin close to 45%, a 26% return on tangible common equity and $0.77 of adjusted EPS.
 Comparing conditions to the financial scenario we shared in January. The equity market decline has obviously been a negative while the Fed hiked in March consistent with our scenario. Trading activity was a bit higher than the scenario contemplated. But as we'll discuss in a moment, as Walt previewed, the mix of trades was different than what we saw last year, which produced lower revenue per trade.
 The scenario seemed consistent securities lending revenue and margin utilization, but both were down from the fourth quarter, 20% in the case of sec lending, which, of course, adversely impacted our net interest margin and revenue. And balance sheet growth tracked a little higher than contemplated in this scenario given the strong asset gathering and somewhat lower net purchase activity by clients.
 It's always a little tricky comparing results for a single quarter with a scenario that covers the full year, especially given the assumption in the January scenario for 2 more rate hikes in 2022, which should increase revenue growth and pretax margins in subsequent quarters. But our financial results thus far have been pretty close to what the scenario anticipated for the first quarter.
 And on the expense side, our results were very much consistent with our financial plan, meaning that we're sticking with our expectation for full year adjusted expense growth of 6% to 7%, excluding, of course, any variation based on our bonus funding.
 I mentioned earlier that even as overall trading activity has remained quite robust. We have seen some changes in the types of trades being made, which on balance have reduced the revenue per trade versus the fourth quarter as we previewed in the commentary attached to our February SMART report.
 Our RIA clients are being relatively more active. And while derivatives continue to account for 23% of total trades, we're seeing an increase in futures trades as well as options activity on indices relative to individual equities. We also saw a decline in the size of the average options trade. So all these factors taken together combined to lower revenue per trade by roughly 10% versus the fourth quarter of 2021.
 It's too early, of course, to know whether this mix shift is an anomaly or a trend, but we're certainly glad our platform can meet a broad and sometimes varying range of needs across retail and RIA clients, equities, futures and options, small and large trades.
 Turning our attention to the balance sheet. Our balance sheet grew another 2% sequentially driven by more than $20 billion increase in bank deposits due to strong asset gathering and our migration of $12 billion or $13 billion in cash out of the IDA.
 Within our interest-earning assets, the decline in equity markets prompted a decline in margin utilization. While we're continuing to be very successful in increasing adoption of our compelling bank lending solutions with balances up another $2.5 billion in the quarter and 46% over the last 12 months. We're active on the financing front, issuing $3 billion of debt to supplement parent liquidity and $700 million in preferred to support the balance sheet growth we've experienced.
 Stockholders' equity declined due to mark-to-market unrealized losses on our AFS or available-for-sale portfolio due to higher interest rates. This is a good moment to remind you all that we moved approximately $111 billion of securities from AFS to held to maturity at the end of January, insulating from AOCI further changes in their unrealized gain loss. Now the loss at the time of that transition was $2.4 billion, which will amortize as those securities mature. And that negative AOCI does not impact regulatory capital. So our consolidated Tier 1 leverage ratio remained just north of 6%.
 As I mentioned earlier, our financial performance was helped only modestly this quarter by the increase in interest rates to start the year. But going forward, that should change with Schwab poised to see tremendous lift should the Fed pursue what is expected to be a dramatic increase in rates. The path of our net interest margin will always depend on how rates ultimately trend as well as how our clients manage their cash, how we manage our investment portfolio and of course the level of the securities lending revenue and margin utilization.
 Now as you saw in our earnings release, our net interest margin decreased 6 basis points sequentially from the fourth quarter of 2021 to the first quarter of 2022. That decrease was entirely due to a lower contribution from securities lending and margin utilization as well as an increased allocation of cash, which more than offset a 7 basis point sequential improvement in the yield on our investment portfolio.
 Looking forward, if the Fed hikes rates to a range of 2.25% to 2.5% by the end of the year, as the market currently expects, we could see our net interest margin climb to the mid-1.80s in Q4. So while our NIM declined in Q1, the upside to higher rates still very much exists.
 So now let's talk about some of the factors that influence our NIM trajectory. The most important factor, of course, is what ultimately happens with rates. We talk a lot, both Rick and Walt referenced, our Through Clients' Eyes strategy and we talk about it in the context of our business priorities and approach. But we also adopt a similar lens in our investment approach. And what I mean by that is that we don't change our investment strategy based off our own in-house view of what is going to happen with rates in the future. Instead, we take market expectations as an input and then adjust our investment strategy based on how we think clients might respond, which ultimately influence our liability duration, our liquidity planning to support the client behavior and deposit pricing.
 Over time, the amount of cash our clients hold tends to grow with the growth in accounts and the growth in total client assets and how much of that cash sits on our balance sheet, primarily in our bank sweep and broker-dealer free credit products. Well, that varies based off the level of primarily short-term interest rates. When the Fed funds rate increases, solutions like purchase money funds and CDs are able to offer more meaningful yields. So clients tend to move more of their so-called investment cash off our balance sheet into these higher-yielding alternatives. It's what we've called client cash sorting.
 Now in 2015 to 2019, the client cash sorting produced a roughly 20% reduction in uninvested or sweep cash balances over a 3-year period once the Fed started tightening until those balances resumed growing again. Now assuming the Fed follows through as expected, we would expect that process to return. The 2015 to 2019 period is a reasonable reference point for our expectations this cycle, but there are a number of different dynamics this time around that could influence that behavior.
 At the same time, we'd expect to see continued growth in bank lending, as Rick discussed, as we improve the PAL process, make our lending solutions available to legacy Ameritrade clients and continue to increase awareness of our very competitive mortgage rates. And given the way the LCR, or liquidity coverage ratio, calculation works, we need to maintain stable or even growing free credit balances within the broker-dealers to support our margin book. So any sorting that happens there needs to be replaced by transferring balances out of bank sweep.
 Now with higher rates, we'd also expect paydowns to slow. Now we have plenty of liquid assets and borrowing capacity to support outflows. But we'd rather not sell assets potentially at a loss or have to rely on higher-cost FHLB borrowing on a long-term basis. So we need to ensure we have enough liquidity at the banks to enable these client cash allocation changes without selling securities or borrowing from the FHLB.
 Our investment portfolio in aggregate looks pretty similar to how it looked 1 year ago with a fixed floating allocation of 90-10 and a duration around 4.7. But those numbers are higher than in 2015, which means that the upside from higher rates is very much still there, though the benefit will accrue to us over a longer period of time than the last rising rate cycle.
 We are, however, carrying more cash in the portfolio. 15% or 16% versus our typical 5% to 7% level. This decision to hold more cash wasn't about market timing. Though in hindsight, it was good we didn't deploy the cash earlier in the quarter when rates were much lower than where they are now. But it does give us more flexibility and increases our upside to higher rates.
 We're also repositioning the portfolio and targeting our investments to ensure we have a lot of maturities in the next 2 to 3 years. And while the yield curve is quite flat, we are sacrificing some amount of current net interest revenue to maintain this higher level of liquidity. But I emphasize current because this is just a timing difference. If the Fed follows through its plan that the yield trade-off will decrease steadily and this approach obviously increases our asset sensitivity and upside to higher rates.
 As we look to the future, we would expect deposit betas to be no higher than they were during the last rising rate cycle. And that is a function of our cash strategy through which we offer our clients access to higher-yielding cash alternatives within their brokerage accounts for their investment cash, allowing us in our flagship bank suite product, which is the repository of what we call transaction cash or cash awaiting investment to offer a yield that is somewhat lower, but still quite compelling relative to the checking account rates offered by the big banks.
 And finally, a word or two on capital. With the continued growth on our balance sheet, our consolidated Tier 1 leverage ratio declined slightly to 6.1%, below our operating objective but well above the regulatory minimum. I've read some commentary on our negative AOCI mark and the potential impact that could have on our regulatory capital. As a reminder, for some of you who may be less familiar with the issues involved, mark-to-market gains and losses in our AFS portfolio do not flow through the P&L, but do impact stockholders' equity through a line item called accumulated other comprehensive income, or AOCI.
 Now as a Category 3 institution below $700 billion in assets, we have the option, which we have taken, to exclude AOCI from our regulatory capital ratios. As of 3/31, AOCI was negative $11 billion. But again, that doesn't impact our regulatory capital. It will only do so if and when we cross $700 billion in assets and stay there for 4 consecutive quarters. And while we are close to that level today, the client cash sorting that should accompany higher rates will mean a slowing or even reversal of balance sheet growth, which means we may not hit that trigger for some time. At which point that AOCI mark will have amortized down somewhat.
 So what that means is higher rates mean that the $700 billion threshold gets pushed out, while lower rates mean that the negative AOCI gets reduced. Either way, we see this as something that is quite manageable.
 Let me close with a few thoughts. It's obviously been a turbulent week for the stock, as Walt referenced and frankly, a turbulent start to the year. And we're cognizant of the impact that has on all of you, our owners. At the same time, we continue to focus on the things that we can control. And the measures that we look at as indicators of the value of the business have stayed remarkably consistent: organic growth, whether measured by net new assets or new accounts; our Net Promoter Score or what we call Client Promoter Scores, which have reached new highs despite the market turbulence; our TOA ratio and the wins we see from competitors; and the progress we're making on our strategic agenda. Those are the most important barometers regarding the health of the business and are all giving us confidence that we're on the right track.
 With that, Jeff, let me turn it over to you to facilitate our Q&A. Thanks. 
Jeff Edwards: Great. Thank you very much, Peter. Let's go ahead and turn to the phone lines. Operator, first question, please? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question today is from Ken Worthington from JPMorgan. 
Kenneth Worthington: So you mentioned that you're building cash on the balance sheet in part as a function to prepare, I think for cash sorting is how I interpreted it. And there is a benefit of being able to invest for higher rates in the future. How much cash do you want to or feel you need to have on hand in coming quarters to meet these needs? And is this 15% level that we saw in the first quarter the right level that you would expect to be at in future quarters? Or should it go higher before it starts to go lower? 
Peter Crawford: Yes. Thanks, Ken, for the question. So I would expect that level of cash. It's not like we're holding the cash because we think that sorting is going to happen this quarter or next quarter. It's really looking out over the next several years and thinking about how do we want to make sure we position the portfolio such that we have ample liquidity to be able to support a range of possible outcomes around this client cash sorting.
 I would expect that, that level of cash will come down over time through some of the purchase activity that we outlined in one of those pages there. For example, we're considering deploying some of it into kind of a treasury ladder, for example, that would be an alternative to that cash would lock in some of the forward rates, protect us from some of the downside in case rates don't climb as expected. But I would still expect -- even that, I would expect that our cash levels will still remain higher than that 5% to 7% typical level that we target. 
Kenneth Worthington: Okay. And then can you help us think about the timing of investing some of the cash as it goes into your built-up cash? At what point do you start to invest and maybe further take advantage of the better rate environment? So I know you said it wasn't your goal to time the market, but you've built up cash. Do we start to see more deployment of this cash in the next 1 to 2 quarters? Or does it make more sense given the shape of the curve to maybe sit on cash, not just for sorting purposes, but for the fact that if you hold cash now and wait 2 or 3 quarters in the future, you can get an even better yield, and therefore, NIM would be much better off by waiting? 
Peter Crawford: Yes. Well, as you said, we don't -- we definitely don't try to time the market. So it really is a function of what we see with that client -- what we see with the rate environment, what we see with that client activity. I do expect that we'll deploy some of that cash over the next couple of quarters, but we'll likely be deploying that in -- or continue to deploy that in securities that have a relatively short maturity so that we have a lot of paydowns and maturities in the next 2 or 3 years.
 In terms of the timing to go out further on the curve to be buying some of the traditional mortgage-backed securities that we have traditionally bought, that's really going to be more a function of what we see with client activity and to see how that evolves over time. 
Operator: And our next question is from Craig Siegenthaler from Bank of America. 
Craig Siegenthaler: Peter, I appreciate your updated commentary on AOCI. But it looks like you're going to cross $700 billion over the next few quarters. You're only about 3% away now. However, it seems like you disagree with this just given your expectation for cash sorting. So I was just wondering if you could elaborate on the comment you made in the prepared remarks. 
Peter Crawford: Sure. So I guess the short answer, Craig, is it depends. I think that it's certainly conceivable that we could cross within the next couple of quarters. It's also conceivable that if the client cash sorting evolves in a manner consistent with what we saw in 2015 through 2019, that could slow the balance sheet growth or potentially even reverse some of that balance sheet growth and push that date further back.
 So I guess either way, I would say we feel like it's a manageable issue for us to navigate. By virtue of -- I mean we're certainly cognizant of the implications on our regulatory capital. But sitting here as CFO and thinking about the profile of the business and how much capital do we need to support the business, it's not like an accounting convention changes the fundamental profile of the company. When we think about how we manage our capital and the level of capital that we want to maintain to support the business, when we think about our stress test, the most stressful scenario for us is interest rates go down and cash floods onto the balance sheet.
 Well, scenario like that, that negative AOCI goes away and basically goes back to 0 with the decline in interest rates. So it's sort of an example where again we think this is a very manageable situation. In a scenario where rates are continuing to be high, that's also a scenario we're likely generating a lot of organic capital and probably utilizing less of that organic capital to support the balance sheet growth. So we're generating a lot of excess capital in that scenario. So again, we think this is a very manageable situation. 
Craig Siegenthaler: And then Peter, for my follow-up, once you do, if you do cross $700 billion and you exist there for 4 quarters, how do you expect to manage the capital through this process? And I'm thinking like what additional levers do you have to avoid a large impact to excess capital? And I know you migrated some securities in January from AFS to HTM. Can you do more? And also your business model looks different 5, 10 years ago. But are you able to move client cash sweep deposit liabilities back into money market funds like if that -- if it ever was an issue with capital? 
Peter Crawford: Well, I mean, again, our capital levels, we have buffers on top of buffers on top of buffers. So we've got -- we feel like we're sitting on a lot of capital even sitting where we are today at 6.1% Tier 1 leverage. We certainly wouldn't want to do anything that sacrifices the long-term growth of the business. So the idea of saying, "Let's somehow cap our growth below $700 billion," I wouldn't necessarily see that as a path that we want to pursue.
 We did -- as you mentioned, we did migrate those $111 billion of securities out of available for sale to held to maturity really before we saw a dramatic rise in rates. So that really has been helpful. And to the extent we were buying new securities on the margin, we would be likely to put those into held to maturity assuming it was an appropriate fit with the security. So those are all actions that certainly will continue to look at.
 And a lot of the purchasing we're doing by targeting securities with a duration or maturity less than 3 years, those don't generate much AOCI volatility. So that helps us. And some of this AOCI, of course, amortizes down over time. So again, that's all makes the point, I think -- help support, I guess, why we feel like this is a very manageable situation. 
Operator: Our next question is from Devin Ryan from JMP Securities. 
Devin Ryan: So I guess another question here just on the balance sheet. So on the NIM commentary for 4Q by kind of mid-1.80s, what is the expectation at that point for prepay amortization? What's the assumption there? How much drag, I guess, is left? I think you have about 50 basis points today. So what's embedded? And then in terms of just the mix and thinking about kind of the loan book, you obviously have some good traction on mortgage lending and refinance activity as you guys talked about. It seems like that might slow here just in the rising rate environment. So maybe talk a little bit about kind of the outlook for growing the loan book. And are there other products that could offset that? And even would you do an acquisition to kind of accelerate other areas of loan growth? 
Peter Crawford: Sure. So on the prepayment amortization, we saw about a [indiscernible] basis point reduction in premium amortization between Q4 and Q1. And embedded within that NIM outlook that we shared is our expectation that again assuming rates continue as they have, that we can see another similar-sized reduction between Q1 and Q2 and probably between Q1 and Q4, somewhere on the order of 10 basis points, plus or minus improvement in the premium -- the level of premium amortization.
 In terms of of loan growth, we do -- despite the rising rate environment, we do think there's a lot of opportunity for growth. Clearly, the refinancing wave has largely passed, and we're entering on the mortgage side, a new purchase -- it's more of a new purchase market. But our rates are very, very compelling. And the -- still, despite the success we've had with growing our lending solutions, there's still a lot of clients out there who don't yet turn to us for their lending needs, who would be better off turning to us for their lending needs. It's good for them and it's good for us both financially and strategically. So we still think there's a big opportunity there with both the Schwab clients as well as now with the legacy Ameritrade clients to increase the awareness of the Schwab Bank capabilities, pricing, et cetera.
 And then with pledged asset line, Rick referenced the improvement in cycle times. That's -- I think that continues to be a big opportunity. We are very much underpenetrated in that product relative to other wealth management firms. And so we're working hard to again increase the awareness, improve the process there to make that more accessible to both retail clients as well as the RIA clients. The RIA clients have a lot of interest in pledged asset and so we think there's a big opportunity there. So we think there's a lot of opportunity on the lending side without a doubt. 
Devin Ryan: Yes. Great. Okay. A quick follow-up. Obviously, I think enthusiasm around the personalized indexing and the direct indexing opportunity. Is there any way to frame out kind of the trajectory and opportunity there, kind of how you think about the impact of Schwab or the size of the market over time as that continues to scale? 
Unknown Executive: Absolutely. I'll share a few thoughts on that. First, one of the things that's exciting to us about this launch is that it's an advice product that appeals to a broad range of investor types, including those self-directed clients at Schwab, who maybe haven't previously been interested in advice here at Schwab. So we're excited about the fact that it opens up -- opens us up to a broader set of clients that may be interested in it.
 In terms of thinking through the scale and how it may grow, there's, I think, around $14 trillion that sits in active mutual funds today. I believe last quarter, something like $140 billion came out of active mutual funds, and ETFs grew by about $200 billion. So there's a lot of money sitting there that may be interested in something like this.
 And I think there's 2 primary reasons why some of that money may move over time. One clearly is taxes. I think if you go back and study this, there can be somewhere around a 2% return improvement through harvesting taxes. And so for the taxable investor, the opportunity to participate in that return stream and pay a 40 basis point fee looks like an attractive option relative to even a low-cost ETF and perhaps against some active strategies. So I do think there will be some appeal to mutual fund and ETF investors.
 But I also believe that this is a product that if you walk down the street and ask someone, "Hey, do you want a direct indexing or when people come into our offices?" they've never heard of the product before by and large. And so one of the real powers I think that Schwab brings to the table as it relates to personalized indexing is I think success is going to take 3 things: one, it's going to take strong indexing skills; two, it's going to take digital capabilities; and importantly, number three, it's going to take distribution. Because in the near term, this product is going to have to be sold. It's going to have to be explained. The benefits are going to have to be shared with clients as to why that's helpful. And so I really think we're in a unique position, and we're excited for the growth.
 I do think next 5 or 10 years, as Walt has put it before, I think a freight train of money will move into this area and I believe we're perfectly positioned to play a big role. 
Operator: Our next question is from Rich Repetto from Piper Sandler. 
Richard Repetto: I guess my question first is on the impact of Fed -- incremental Fed fund rate hikes. It helps, Peter, that you gave us the exit NIM for what you expect if the Fed hike is as sort of the curve is projecting. But I guess my question is, you took -- you don't have in the sensitivity the impact of the next Fed funds rate hike. And these rate hikes are certainly going to have spillover effects in 2023. So I think we can back into this, but you might be able to help us. What is the incremental impact do you see of Fed fund rate increases beyond the first 2 or 3 when you recover the waivers -- the money market fund fee waivers? 
Peter Crawford: Well, thank you, Rich, for the question. I do think that's something we're likely to include when we have our July update as we get further into this cycle. As you point out, the next couple of Fed funds increases, we'll get the benefit, of course, from the increase itself plus the impact on the money fund fee waivers. Those money fund fee waivers should all be gone after the next, certainly, one or potentially 2 Fed increase. I think probably the next one, they're pretty much all gone at that point.
 The next couple after that, certainly, you've got the very quick benefit on roughly 40% to 45% of our balance sheet interest -- or our interest-earning assets that are in floating rate securities today. So that benefit kicks in relatively quickly and you can do the math in terms of that.
 The deposit betas, as you may recall from the last rising rate cycle, they started off on the lower end and then they start -- they do edge up over time after we get above sort of 100, 125 basis points. But they never -- I don't think they ever got above, I want to say, 25% or 30% even at sort of a 2% Fed fund or 2.5% -- 2.25%, 2.5% Fed funds rate. So that the incremental benefit of the eighth Fed -- 25 basis points Fed increase is slightly less than the benefit of the seventh, but there's still certainly significant upside as you start to stack some of these Fed funds increases on top of each other. 
Richard Repetto: Got it. That's helpful, Peter. And then one follow-up and back to this client cash sorting. So we see that the slide you put up, I think, it's 24. And at least it feels like you've been conservative when you say that the balance sheet, you could see some contraction. And you have a low of -- the 11.4% is low, it looks like historically from Slide 24. But when we looked at it last time, the purchase money market funds as a percentage of overall client cash, it got -- right now, it's about 13%. It got a lot higher last cycle like multiple times. So I guess the question is, is that sort of what you're sort of implying when you talk about balance sheet? Like that would be a big balance sheet contraction, I suspect. Is that a good metric to sort of judge where client cash sorting can go? 
Peter Crawford: Well, we use that -- we mentioned that, Rich, as a reference point, not as a prediction -- there are a number of different dynamics this time, this go around, right? We're not going through the bulk transfer. We're not executing the bulk transfers as we did last time when those bulk transfers were a catalyst for some clients to take action with regard to their cash.
 We have the Ameritrade clients now in their accounts, which tend to be smaller and more trading-oriented. So -- and they didn't have access to necessarily -- or certainly to the same access to purchase money funds in the last rising rate cycle. So we don't necessarily have great information in terms of how they'll behave. We have a lot of new accounts that we picked up in the last 1.5 years that oftentimes are smaller and more trading-oriented, so how they behave as well.
 And so given all of that, we feel like it's appropriate to make sure we are planning for different scenarios in terms of how this could unfold and then maintaining -- and that's really the key word is maintaining that flexibility so that we don't box ourselves in and we can respond under depending on how things evolve. 
Operator: Our next question is from Brennan Hawken UBS. 
Brennan Hawken: Actually sort of a follow-up on the -- Richard's questions. When we think about the BDA and you think about sweep as a percentage of client cash as you laid out, would you include the BDA when you think about a comparable set? I'd think that you wouldn't, but just want to clarify. And then the BDA that you pulled into the balance sheet here this quarter, is that all we should expect for 2022? Or is there more optionality? I know there are some wrinkles in that agreement, which could allow for some additional transfers. 
Peter Crawford: So let me take the second question first. Hard to say. We certainly have the option to take additional balances over the course of the year. At this point, I'm not sure I would expect a lot more additional migrations out of the BDA or the IDA onto our balance sheet in 2022.
 In terms of the upside on the BDA or IDA, you're absolutely right, it is very much there. About 20% of those balances are in floating rate and those are tied to the Fed funds rate. So as the Fed increases, you get the upside on 20% of $140-something billion pretty quickly. And we are executing new fixed investments about 90 basis points higher than the roll-off rate on those fixed maturities or those tenors that are maturing over the next 12 months. So a lot of upside in terms of the fixed portion of the IDA as well. 
Brennan Hawken: Great. And then it seems like the NIM trajectory you provided has securities lending at a similar level to the first quarter. So that makes sense. But when we think about the change we've seen in securities lending revenue, sorry, how much of that is due to less specials or hard to borrow versus lower balances or spreads? And how much could spread -- improving spreads with higher rates help that line going forward? 
Peter Crawford: Yes. That's a really interesting question. So our securities lending operation tends to focus more on the hard-to-borrow stocks. And so we're lending out stocks that oftentimes have a 99% rate -- annualized rate. So certainly very -- these are very high-spread securities, very much in demand that can generate a lot of -- certainly a lot of revenue.
 And the -- and so when you look over time, the interest in those hard-to-borrow stocks tends to correlate with the sentiment in the market. And so -- and the availability as well of those hard-to-borrow stocks varies with the sentiment in the market. In other words, when our clients have higher-margin balances that tends to correlate to an extent with more securities lending revenue.
 Now in a higher rate environment -- so for those of you who don't know as much about securities lending, when we lend out the stock, we do get cash as collateral from the counterparty. We have to lock up that cash in the reserve portfolio and it earns what the reserve portfolio earns. In a higher rate environment, of course, the cash that we receive, we can earn a higher yield on that cash.
 Oftentimes, though, that does when the counterparties are thinking about the rebate rates, they do factor that into the rebate that they're willing to give us. So in other words, if you have a stock that might be -- they might be willing to pay, let's say, 10% per year for in an environment where the cash that we're receiving doesn't earn much. If we're earning 2% on that cash, maybe they'll be willing to pay 8% in rebate.
 And so if you're looking forward, if you're looking at the reported securities lending revenue, you might see the direct securities lending revenue being lower, but it's being made up for by earning more on the cash, which sits in another place on the income statement. 
Unknown Executive: Peter, a question from the web console from Daniel Fannon at Jefferies. I know you mentioned that you'd be revisiting a, we'll say, a more formal update to the scenario later in the year as things continue to unfold. But maybe you could spend a little bit of time talking about some of the potential upside that we might see or that could be available due to additional rate hikes if they were to manifest. 
Peter Crawford: Sure. So I mean there's a number of different -- certainly a number of different dynamics at play there. So then again, the next couple of rate hikes, the $54 million of money fund fee waivers, we'd expect those to be completely eliminated by -- assuming the Fed follows through, be completely eliminated by the end of the second quarter. So going into the third quarter, we've got the full fees that we're capturing there.
 We have, I think, most recently -- look, I think we've got 43% of the interest-earning assets are in floating rate securities. Those tend to reprice very, very quickly. And so you take 43% times $600-plus billion interest-earning assets and you get that benefit on that very quickly with each Fed increase.
 The other -- to the extent that we're -- the rates are continuing to follow the forward curve and continue to climb, then that gives us more opportunity as we are doing -- executing new purchases to be picking up yield. That will play out over time given the duration of our investment portfolio. We do get that paydown activity and those maturities on that investment portfolio and that creates new field to be able to reinvest at those higher rates. And then as I had mentioned, with the IDA, you've got the 20% in floating roughly. That reprices relatively quickly -- or very quickly.
 And then we have the roll-on versus roll-off rate in the IDA. We're picking up that 90 basis points. Again, that's more of a function of long-term rates. But certainly, with those being where they are today, that creates certainly some nice wind in our backs on the IDAs as well. 
Operator: Our final question today is from Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank. 
Brian Bedell: Just back to the balance sheet strategy size, Peter. Maybe just some thoughts on how you would manage that given the flexibility that you're -- that you've been gearing up for, if we think about client cash that's coming in with net new asset growth, maybe some commentary on what percentage of that cash -- or what percentage of NNA typically comes in. And I know it takes a while to reinvest. So you've got that. And then would you try to be flexible on that balance sheet size? And maybe would that influence your decision to bring more BDA assets on, if you -- let's say you wanted to stay in the upper 600s as opposed to if there was more cash owing that brought that balance sheet down? 
Peter Crawford: Sure. So let's see. Let me again take the second part of the question first. Executing on the transfers on the IDAs, as I mentioned, I wouldn't expect that we're going to do -- we already took the $12 billion, $13 billion thus far this year. And I wouldn't expect us to do a lot more on the IDA migrations this year. We'll have to see you kind of where we are next year as we get into our planning and how we think about that.
 In terms of investing in new cash flows, that is absolutely part of our consideration as we see those cash flows come in. We do make a decision. But it's part of the overall mosaic, if you will, around how we think about our investment strategy. It's not like we think about new cash differently than we do with the cash that's generated from paydowns and maturities and so forth. We're looking at doing multiple forecasts over several years to sort of think about how conditions could evolve over time and making sure we are adjusting our asset duration, maturity schedule, liquidity positioning to be able to respond to a range of possible scenarios for that. 
Brian Bedell: Great. And my last question is for Rick, actually. Given the high net worth expansion strategy, I guess, thinking also about advisory services in the RIA business, can you talk about making alternatives available on your platform, obviously, with the theme of democratization of alternative investments and still some 1% to 2% types of allocations and clamoring for that? Are you seeing demand from your clients, your advisers as well? And are there plans to add a lot more capabilities for alternatives on to your platform? 
Rick Wurster: Thanks for the question. I'd say 2 things. First, we have a tremendous amount of resources available for clients today in the alternative space on both adviser services and investor services. We are working -- so that's number -- point number one. Point number two, there is growing in greater demand for alternatives. And we know that there are some enhancements we can make particularly on the retail side. And so you can expect to see from us in coming periods more development on that front.
 We have a nice range of alternative-related options available for retail clients today, but we also believe we can go to the next level in terms of the types of vehicles and strategies that our investor services clients can access. So you can expect more development from us on that front what we think is already a strong base of appealing options that both our adviser clients and investor services clients can take advantage of today. 
Peter Crawford: All right. Well, that brings us to the top of the hour. I just -- I want to thank you all for your questions. Walt used the word consistency in his opening remarks, and I think that's a very apt word to describe our business strategy as well as our ALM and investing strategy. I'd also use the word humility in it, humility to understand. There's a lot happening right now in the environment that we don't necessarily -- we can't completely predict. We can't necessarily completely predict what investor sentiment is going to do, what the Fed is going to do, what's going to happen with interest rates. And so given that humility, we also want to make sure we maintain a lot of flexibility. That is the overarching word, I guess, or the sentiment that characterizes our investing strategy and how we're positioning the company, the balance sheet, et cetera, moving forward. But we're very excited, very confident for what the future will bring both financially and strategically and we look forward to giving you another update in July. Thanks, everyone.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 20:13:05) =====
Rich Fowler: And we are live. Good morning everyone, welcome to Schwab's Fall 2020 Business Update. This is Rich Fowler, Head of Investor Relations coming to you from a still sparsely populated 211 Main Street in San Francisco. Well I want to extend a particular welcome to those of you attending this session as new owners or followers of Schwab, due to our recent acquisition of TD Ameritrade, we certainly hope everyone on the call and your families remain safe and well in this environment. And we thank you for spending time with us today. There's a full lineup of earnings reports for many of you to deal with. And we certainly have a full agenda here.  So we're going to get things underway quickly. Joining me today, both virtually and literally are Walt Bettinger, our President and CEO; Joe Martinetto, Senior EVP and COO, and Chief Financial Officer Peter Crawford. Now those of you experienced with our interim updates will immediately recognize that Joe's participation signals, that we're not following traditional practice today. And we are indeed planning to spend a longer than normal session, say around an hour and a quarter with these three, bringing you up to date on life at Schwab right now, starting off with some prepared comments and following up with Q&A until it's time to wrap up.  Our goal is always is to keep you current regarding management's thinking as efficiently as possible. We will follow tradition on questions. So we'll do so via the webcast console, as well as the dial in and as always, to help us get to as many folks as possible, we very much appreciate your sticking to one plus follow on in the approach to questions. Walt will start us off today to discuss our strategic picture, which includes both the continuing story of the company's performance during the pandemic and the implications of closing the Ameritrade acquisition. And then Joe is here to share an update on the integration process as we dig in on this front. Peter will review the recent financial performance of both firms on a standalone basis and then move to discussing the current outlook for the combined company before taking us into Q&A.  Before that, let's spend a second on the wonderful wall of words, holding steady at a single riveting page, the main point of which is to remind everyone that outcomes can differ from expectations. So please keep an eye on our disclosures. Finally, the slides will be posted on the IR side during Peters prepared remarks. I think that's it administratively.  So Walt, I think we're ready to get going over to you. 
Walt Bettinger : Thank you, Rich and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. During certainly what continues to be extraordinary times we all recognize that we're living in a unique and challenging time for everyone. And my best wishes for good health and safety go out to all of you who are joining us on the call. It's really times to like these that have focused and consistent strategy means more than ever, the noise around us from a struggling economy a record low interest rates, a degree of political turmoil can shake those less committed to a sound long term approach.  At Schwab, we remain as committed as ever to our two client side strategy and our key strategic initiatives, scale monetization and segmentation. Our approach is winning in the market. And we believe that our combination with TD Ameritrade will deliver outstanding financial results along with furthering our competitive position in key client segments. As I've said before, we are on offense. And the response from our clients with record and near record metrics supports the efforts that we're making to offer world class value service advice and transparency. Now as of October 6, we have successfully completed the four acquisitions that were announced in the past 15 months. Each of these transactions are strategically important for us, but of course in different ways and each slots in perfectly with those key strategic initiatives I mentioned previously of scale monetization and segmentation. USAA adds to our scale of existing clients. And our exclusive Wealth Management referral arrangement that we have with USAA continues, adding scale for us and should be effective for years to come.  Motive delivers highly talented technologists along with a platform that is helping accelerate our efforts to deliver thematic investing, as well as direct indexing to investors and advisors. And of course, that will in time contribute to our efforts around monetization. That is good for clients. Wasmer, Schroeder accomplishes a similar goal, monetization that's good for our clients, but with maybe a more traditional approach to investment solutions in the fixed income area, and of course their expertise in tax smart fixed income investing is likely to prove especially valuable, as tax rates potentially become an increasingly important consideration for investors after the election.  Of course, the TD Ameritrade acquisition not only builds tremendous scale, but it also delivers outstanding capabilities that serve our segmentation objective. We know that they had a best in class platform for traders, several capabilities that are highly valued within the investment advisor community also. This slide graphically illustrates the scale impact of the TD Ameritrade acquisition. Also it shows the powerful combination of our firm's with net new assets in excess of $75 billion, and almost 1.5 million new brokerage accounts in the third quarter alone, keeping in mind that that third quarter included tax payments, unlike in most years. Now, Peters going to speak a little bit later regarding the near term and longer term financial benefits of our transaction. But for now, I will simply say that they are significant.  Now as strong as our asset gathering and overall financial performance has been we see many untapped opportunities to drive significant asset and revenue growth by leveraging our scale, better monetizing assets in ways that are good for clients, and developing leading offers for key segments of our client base. The M&A has played an important role in pursuing these initiatives. But M&A activity is only one way that will drive these efforts forward with all three key initiatives contributing to our strong growth.  Through the first three quarters of 2020, and of course, this is looking exclusively at Schwab results, clients and trusted us with core net new assets in excess of $160 billion, a 5% organic growth rate, which is consistent with our long term results. Included in there is an all-time monthly record for the month of September with $20 billion in core net new assets. I remember when we reached $2 trillion in firm wide assets, the number one question I received was always could Schwab continue to capture an organic net new asset growth rate in that 5% to 7% range even on such a large base.  Of course, we were confident that we could back down and we remain equally confident today. That'd be sure we talk about a range because as we all recognize that there will be some variability driven by market conditions, as well as employment conditions and those contribute to either accelerating or decelerating money in motion, and therefore, new assets in our category. I think what's clear, though, is what won't change is our ability to keep winning assets, and continue gaining market share, regardless of whatever the environment is around us.  Our organic efforts around scale are also paying dividends in terms of operating efficiency, with almost two thirds of our client households now digitally active, over half of the arrays we serve are leveraging our digital service capabilities. And over three fourths of our client base is now enrolled in paperless reporting. Here is an example of where the pandemic that we're dealing with has actually contributed to more rapid adoption of digital capabilities. And of course, digital adoption and digital initiatives are what I like to refer to as triple wins. And by that I mean that they result in a better experience for our clients through both faster processing as well as a richer overall experience. They contribute to lowering error rates, and also lowering costs for Schwab. And, of course, that in turn benefits both our stockholders as well as our employees as our employees are able to engage in more value added interactions with our clients.  Let me emphasize though, that adoption of digital does not mean that people and specifically our branches in our service centers don't matter. In fact, arguably, they matter as much or more than ever. What digital adoption does mean is that employees can focus on relationships, more than simply processing transactions. And of course, that's exactly what we want, what our clients want, and what we mean when we talk about bringing together really the best of people and technology to our no tradeoffs value proposition. We've demonstrated that when we offer clients and this is both on the retail side and on the RA side, when we offer them high quality solutions at very competitive prices, they vote with their fee [ph].  Use above Schwab managed ETFs is growing again, after a slow down earlier in 2020, largely due to tax last harvesting. Clients continue to enroll in our retail advisory programs, we now have assets they're exceeding $360 billion and clients are increasingly turning to Schwab bank for their lending needs, with loans up over 30% from one year ago. Our success with our asset management and lending products also fuels our confidence in continuing to extend our capabilities. And part of that is ensuring that third party managers provide appropriate compensation for the many services that we provide them and the investors who invest in their products through our platform. These types of efforts will further diversify our model and decrease our reliance on spread based revenue. Whether it's from ongoing negotiations with fund complexes that rely on Schwab to provide shareholder servicing, without helping us cover those costs, to substantial opportunities in thematic investing and direct indexing, to the growth opportunity in the area of retail advisory services and last but not least to the opportunity to deliver premier fixed income advisory to clients at a great value through in house Wasmer Schroeder.  At the same time, we're working hard to build and deliver increasingly segmented capabilities to delight clients of all sizes and types. Whether they are targeted at newer younger investors, which certainly gets a lot of press today, new and creative ways to invest in a more customized or personalized manner through themes and direct indexing, better serving the fastest growing segment of our retail business, which is high net worth and ultra high net worth investors. And creating new and more streamlined experiences for independent investment advisors that we serve and of course, we serve all sides, investment advisors large, small, and in between.  As I've said for a number of years, the future in our industry, in our view belongs to the organizations that deliver a no tradeoffs approach to investing, great value, transparency and trust, omni channel service, a single place to meet all of it investors needs all of this from a company that is both a challenger to the rest of the industry, as well as a beacon of confidence due to our size and scale. In our words, it's no tradeoffs, no limits and all done through client size. At Schwab, we call that modern wealth management. And we think that uniquely define Schwab and is only achievable by a firm with our size, scale, and importantly our focus. In our view, our capabilities, our rather simple strategy, our enormous scale, our culture of service, and our commitment as a challenger company, to continue disrupting to benefit investors and advisors is a combination that no one else in the market can match. In our transfer of account or asset figures tell the story better than I ever could, attracting $2 from core competitors for every dollar they take from us. Strong results versus the global banks and warehouses at 2.2 to one. Strong results versus the independent broker dealers at 1.8 to one an exceptionally strong results versus the mono line fin-tech companies that were asked about so frequently at a ratio of over 200 to one. All contributing to a firm wide TOA [ph] ratio of two to one and as successful as both TD Ameritrade and Schwab have been in taking share for the past four decades the reality is we still collectively have a very small share of an enormous wealth management market in the US.  So just in closing, we know that we are dealing with record low interest rates, and those create short term headwinds. Eventually we'll have relief from this pandemic. Eventually, the economy will get fully back on its feet. Eventually, our belief is that interest rates won't remain at all-time record lows. But in the meantime, we won't be here off course. We won't deviate from our through client side strategy. We won't stop being on offense with our key strategic initiatives of scale monetization and segmentation. And we surely won't stop pursuing disruptive actions that benefit clients, the very soul of a challenger. For those of you who know Schwab, well, you know that we don't measure our progress in quarters, and generally not even in years, but rather in decades. And I've never been more optimistic about what the future decades hold for Schwab.  So I want to transition over to Joe Martinetto, I'm pleased that we're now in a position to begin the process that actually unleashes the potential from combining Schwab and TD Ameritrade as all of you know, Joe is leading that effort. And I know he's looking forward to sharing an initial update on our integration efforts.  So Joe, let me turn it over to you. 
Joe Martinetto : Great, thanks Walt and good morning, everybody. So today, I would characterize my presentation as more of a cameo than a full update. I'd remind everybody that we just closed the transaction a couple of weeks ago. And we were able to do a fair amount of integration planning prior to close. But there are a lot of details that we've just recently been able to share, while we feel very good about the work we've done, and what we're seeing, we're going to need a little time to firm up the executional plans and financial implications before we can provide you with that fuller update. That said, we've already made a number of decisions about platforms and client experience that we'll share today. And we've also moved quickly to recognize some of the closer in synergies; I'll update you on those activities as well.  So let's start with the expense synergies first. Just a reminder, our targets at the time of announcement called for us to realize between $1.8 billion and $2 billion in expense reduction synergies. We spent the last 10 plus months developing plans to achieve this level of savings. And by close we had high level plans at the business unit level to achieve it. We still believe it will take 18 to 36 months to get through broker dealer consolidation, account conversion, and the shutdown of all the redundant systems and functions that are necessary to achieve this level of savings. I'll have more to say about the timeline in a couple of slides.  I'm also focused today on expense synergies as those are likely to occur in a more material way more quickly than revenue synergies. As we've discussed before, the bigger revenue synergies come from the repatriation of the BDA balances, but we do expect that there will also be revenue synergies that are tied to the account conversion, when we'll be able to offer the best of both companies products and services to the combined client base. Those outcomes will be a little longer coming as we're still operating as two separate broker dealers today. With respect to the expense actions, we've already taken steps to achieve between $250 million and $300 million in expense reductions. We've aligned the management structure, and across management in the branch network eliminated over about 1000 roles. We moved aggressively to rationalize the branch network; there was a significant amount of overlap across our footprints which we're eliminating. Of their roughly 260 branches, we're retaining about 55; the majority of the rest will co locate into nearby Schwab branches, where we'll have both Schwab and TD Ameritrade employees.  Our combined branch footprint after the consolidation will be larger with over 400 branches a 140 of which will be shared through conversion, and 90% of our clients will have a branch within 25 miles up from 80% before the transaction. We've also closed the number of previously open management positions, as well as reduced our anticipated marketing spend. While it'll take some time to recognize the full level of synergies, we expect to see additional reductions over the course of the next 36 months. And with the meaningful reductions that I just noted along with other actions that we plan to take, we're thinking we'll exit the first year after the transaction with between one quarter and one third of the expense synergy total in the run rate. Moving on to some of the platform decisions as we've said all along we expect to realize the best of both when it comes to customer facing platforms. Both companies have well regarded and recognized platforms with very complementary strengths. We expect to leverage the existing Schwab's websites mobile applications for investor's independent advisors in automated investing solutions. We'll be adding the thinkorswim web and mobile experiences for traders and supplementing the advisor experience with the trading and rebalancing capabilities from TD Ameritrade advisor platform. That said, we expect that there'll be changes to all of these platforms that we'll need to make for a seamless experience for our combined clients. For example, the trading experience on schwab.com will evolve a bit to serve the more active traders from TD Ameritrade who prefer to use the web. The Schwab Advisor Center will incorporate more integrations with third party platforms to accommodate the advisors who use services where we don't currently have an easy to use integration. I promised I'd have more to say about the timeline for integration earlier and I'd like to remind folks that this is an extraordinarily complex integration. Both firms are large in their own rights and when you combine them and look to add the headroom that's necessary to handle potential spikes in activity, there's a geometric effect on the capacity necessary to run the firm safely. While we're availing ourselves of our own recent experience with integration, as well as the expertise available to us as part of the team is joining from TD Ameritrade and we're eager to get to full synergy recognition, we of course have to balance that with the client experience considerations. We want this to be an incredibly smooth experience for all of our clients, both the retail investors and advisors and we expect to continue to serve the vast majority of them long past integration. At this point, I'll turn the mic over to Peter, and he'll give you details on how all of this works into the financial picture.
Peter Crawford: All right. Well, thank you very much, Joe. It's certainly great to have you back here at the business update. Well, even if it is in your words, a cameo appearance. So Walt and Joe talked about the excitement we feel about the TD Ameritrade acquisition and our confidence in how it will benefit clients, stockholders and our combined team of employees. They talked about the strong momentum we continue to enjoy in the marketplace in spite of the challenging conditions in which we operate, and the progress we're making in executing on our strategy around leveraging our scale, capturing monetization opportunities to benefit clients and creating leading experiences for key segments of our client base. In my time today, I'll talk about how that momentum helped to partially offset the current challenging market environment and especially the pressure from low interest rates. I'll also share with you the operating and financial results for TD Ameritrade for the quarter ended September 30, which demonstrate that we are joining forces with a very, very healthy business, whose continued momentum in this environment leads both to stronger financial performance and an even more resilient business model. And finally, I'll provide an update on our Q4 outlook, incorporating TD Ameritrade for the first time and I'll also provide some initial thoughts on 2021. I think the overall message you'll hear is that we're clearly well-aware of the environmental challenges we face, some of which are clearly impacting our financial results. And we recognize there may be some difficult weeks and months ahead. But at the same time, we couldn't be more optimistic and more confident about the future for this company. And feel like we have crossed a bit of an inflection point, given our strong momentum in the market, our early experience and successes with TD Ameritrade acquisition and integration and finally the progress we're making both organically and via M&A around our strategic priorities. We'll talk a lot around here about focusing on what we can control. We can't control the equity markets whose recent performances has become a tailwind for us and we cannot control the interest rate environment -- clearly a very formidable headwind. But what we can control is that no trade-offs positioning that Walt talked about, which when coupled with high investor engagement have led to enormous year over year increases in new to firm retail households. And in a business built on trust, we also work really hard to maintain that trust giving our clients confidence in entrusting their assets with us, including their uninvested cash, which is up over 50% year-over-year. Given that mix of some tailwinds and some strong interest rate headwinds, it's not surprising that our revenue was down 10% year-over-year in the third quarter. This was entirely due to an 18% decline in net interest revenue. Average interest earning assets rose at remarkable 45% year-over-year, but that wasn't enough to overcome a 105 basis point reduction in our net interest margin due to Fed cuts, an increase in premium amortization and the impact of investing nearly $100 billion of new cash at rates lower than our average portfolio yield. Asset management and admin fees were up 4% year-over-year, despite the return this year of money fund waivers, which totaled $44 million in the quarter. And trading was down 12% despite a more than doubling of trading activity due of course, to last year's commission reductions. Now expenses were up roughly 6%, but that would have been only about 2% without the acquisition and integration expenses for TD Ameritrade and the incremental acquired intangible amortization related to the USA transaction, Motif and Wasmer acquisitions. And even that modest adjusted expense growth includes the ongoing expenses of those three new businesses, which together contributed a little more than two percentage points of growth. Put it all together, and we delivered a 36% pretax margin and a 39% adjusted pretax margin. A 10% return on equity and a 12% return on tangible common equity, which continues to be adversely impacted by a now $5.7 billion net unrealized gain within our available for sale portfolio. Our balance sheet continues to grow due both to our substantial organic growth and client allocation decisions. As we said previously, we typically see client cash on the balance sheet increase more quickly when interest rates are low. As clients see less benefit and utilizing purchase money funds, CDs and other fixed income instruments leaving more cash in their account and a greater portion of that cash in our bank and broker dealers sweep options. Following a huge surge in client cash at the end of the first quarter, we've seen somewhat slower but still quite robust growth and sweep cash balances during the last two quarters, including a 6% sequential increase in Q3. That balance sheet growth reduced our Tier 1 leverage ratio to 5.7% for the third quarter. While that's below our operating objective of 6.75% to 7%, it's still well above the regulatory minimum. And as I'll discuss in a moment, the TD Ameritrade acquisition is quite helpful in enabling us to rebuild our capital ratios more quickly than we would be able to do otherwise. Now the concern whenever you buy a business and have an extended timeframe between signing and close, is what is the state of that business when you finally take over? Judging by the operating and financial results for TD Ameritrade and the quarter ended September 30, it's clear we're bringing onboard a very, very healthy business and one that is performing exceptionally well in the current environment. And for that, we certainly should thank the thousands of TD Ameritrade employees who've been working so hard over the last 10 to 12 months. Now before I run through the few highlights from the TD Ameritrade seller quarter, a public service announcement or promotional announcement. As Rich noted at the outset, there are additional standalone operating and financial information for TD Ameritrade has been posted to the financial report section of Schwab's Investor Relations site. Now you can see the strong operating metrics here highlighted by a significant momentum in the market, 20% increase in net new assets, and a greater than 300% increase in net new funded accounts and positive indicators of course of investor engagement with a 355% increase in trading activity and a 23% increase in average margin balances. That's substantial business growth and higher investor engagement translated into robust financial performance. Revenue up 5% as a surgeon trading and margin balances more than offset the impact of lower interest rates. Operating expenses down 2% and operating margin above 50% and a 16% increase in earnings per share to $1.16. While both firms have been performing quite well independently, the combination creates an even more resilient and potent company. Merging our financial results for the third quarter would suggest a company with over $4 billion in revenue, a pretax margin of 45% plus and approximately $53 billion in stockholders equity. And the mix of revenue of course is different than what Schwab has experienced in the recent past. With just over 50% coming from spread-based revenue, net interest revenue and what you see on the pie chart as the BDA fees, 24% coming from asset management and admin fees, and now 21% coming from trading. Now those of you who followed the company for a long time have heard many of us, myself included, talk about our lack of reliance of trading as being a good thing. But that was when trading was facing secular headwinds in the form of ever-decreasing equity commissions. But that pricing erosion now largely off the table, the greater exposure to trading is clearly a benefit as it increases our diversification, add less capital intensive revenue streams, and create an even more all-weather business model as is being demonstrated in the current environment. Now this year has clearly unfolded differently than the way any of us anticipated several quarters ago and even relative to the scenario we share back in April. The equity markets have continued to rise much more quickly, interest rates both short and long term remain at historically low levels. Trading activity on the other hand is provided nice lift and our balance sheet growth has already surpassed the upper end of the range we've communicated. Our performance to date reflects that mix of tailwinds and one very stiff headwind. Revenue has been tracking a little bit on the lower end of the range. Despite key drivers of our workload, all increasing sharply, new accounts, trade calls, et cetera, we've managed to limit adjusted expense growth to the lower end of the range. And in doing so have produced an adjusted pretax margin just above 40% year-to-date. Of course the scenarios we share previously excluded the impact of TD Ameritrade. But with the closing now behind us we're in a position to communicate a scenario for the fourth quarter, which reflects the combination. So for the full year, we now expect year-over-year revenue growth to be positive 7.5% to 8%. Now that assumes modest market appreciation from levels of late last week earlier this week, continue to elevated trading and stabilizing prepayment speeds [ph]. It has also based off an expectation that net interest margin for the fourth quarter should be in the 150 basis point range plus or minus, but perhaps 10 basis points or more above where our average for Q3. A function of absorbing TD Ameritrade non-BDA related to interest earning assets, [indiscernible] margin book onto our balance sheet. And for those of you familiar with the way that TD Ameritrade historically report NIM, I know that our measure of NIM excludes those BDA balances. We'd anticipate full year adjusted total expense growth to be 15.5% to 16.5%. That includes roughly 4% year-over-year growth for the Schwab standalone business consistent with a scenario we discussed back in July. It also reflects the initial synergy realization that Joe described earlier in his update, but of course exclude the acquisition integration costs and as a reminder, we currently anticipate roughly 30% to 35% of the total integration spend to occur in the first 12 months post-closing. Those numbers also exclude any amortization of acquired intangibles which we expect will be roughly $445 million in the fourth quarter. So putting it all together, the scenario would result in a 25% to 35% accretion in adjusted EPS, relative to our Q3 results. Turning our attention to the balance sheet. We'd expect our balance sheet to grow by a bit over 70% driven by the addition of TD Ameritrade's $70 billion balance sheet and continued growth and client cash balances which typically see even higher flows in the fourth quarter. Now the acquisition not only is immediately and significantly additive to EPS, it's also immediately accretive to our capital ratios as well. I mentioned earlier that our Q3 Tier 1 leverage ratio is 5.7% based off of average assets and the spot ratio given the fact that the balance has grown over the quarter, based off the end of period assets was probably 10 to 15 basis points lower. But the acquisition of TD Ameritrade immediately boost that spot Tier 1 leverage ratio to nearly 6%. And the capital benefit from the acquisition extends beyond the closing date. Given our desire to keep the ratio preferred to Tier 1 capital below 25% and the absence of preferred equity and TD Ameritrade's capital stack, the acquisition creates additional preferred capacity, which we'd expect to access in the coming quarters. And by adding incremental earnings, the acquisition increases our organic capital formation as well. Despite the interest rate environment, we're feeling very excited and very confident as we look ahead to 2021. We expect the momentum that both firms have enjoyed to lay the foundation for continued success next year. And the financial benefits that we that we expect to reveal themselves in our Q4 results should continue to build as we capture more of the expense and revenue synergies. And while we'll share our scenarios for 2021 at the February business update as we always do, we hope you can appreciate the potent firm we've created here. $6 trillion in client assets, 29 million brokerage accounts, and $6.5 billion to $7 billion of adjusted pretax income, just analyzing our combined third quarter and potential fourth quarter results. And importantly with interest rates and prepayment speeds appearing to stabilize, we can see after several quarterly declines in net interest revenue the potential for sequential increases in NIR, assuming we continue to see organic growth and clients we've cashed balances consistent with recent months, as well as similar levels of margin balances. And even as we work hard to integrate TD Ameritrade as quickly and as effectively as possible, we'll also further advanced our strategies around scale, monetization and segmentation. And finally, we're ever mindful of our capital position, ensuring that we have adequate capital to support the organic growth of our balance sheet, as well as the transfers from the IDA, which can begin as early as July 1 of next year. Now let me close with a few thoughts. We have spent a lot of time discussing the acquisition of TD Ameritrade and clearly with good reason. We couldn't be more excited about what it means for this company, for our clients and for our stockholders. But while it's true that the acquisition marks the new chapter in Schwab's history, it's also only a piece of the story. We're still pushing forward aggressively on multiple other fronts that Walt described, capturing opportunities to better serve our clients, confronting our competition head on, and doubling down on our efforts to drive greater efficiency and productivity throughout our business. And while it's also true that the acquisition is transformative, increasing our scale, broadening our capabilities, it won't fundamentally change who we are or how we operate, our focus on clients, the discipline with which we manage the business, our fundamental financial formula, and our long term orientation. This is what has made us successful for over four decades and we're confident [indiscernible] successful in the next decades to come. With that, let me turn it to Rich for some questions.
Rich Fowler: All right. Thank you all. We'll go to Q&A now, Operator. Would like to start us off on how to pose questions?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Your line is open. You may ask your question.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. So a lot of factors have changed since the deal was announced or you think about rates, client engagement, asset levels, things like you're reiterating the expense, synergies that you've outlined or originally outlined, but I assume some of the areas of potential revenue and/or expense reduction have changed given all given the external factors that have that have happened between announcement and close. So if you could talk about that, and ultimately, accretion from how you originally stated it to where it sits now.
Peter Crawford: Dan, so let me take that. This is Peter. Let me take that in a couple ways. First, the near term accretion math has gotten better, frankly in the last year given the relative earnings trajectory of both TD Ameritrade and Schwab. In terms of the synergy realization, I would say that if anything, the synergy opportunity has increased. On the cost synergy side, despite the environmental changes, if you will, I don't think our thinking around the cost synergy opportunity has fundamentally shifted. We still think that those numbers are very achievable and largely are to be derived in the similar places that we had expected a year ago. On the revenue side, Joe mentioned that a large portion of the revenue synergies are coming from rebanking the balances in the IDA. Those balances at the time of the acquisition were I think roughly $115 billion. And today they're over $150 billion. So that benefits us in a couple of ways: one, as you may recall, we got a 10 basis point improvement in the net fee there. So that's now applied over a larger base of balances immediately; and then second is that more cash that we can bring onto the balance sheet and every time we do that, we're picking up incremental spread revenue as we do so. So I think that has been at the positive as well. I also think that as we've dug in and spent more time looking at the business and understanding more about the business, we see other -- other opportunities, others or maybe smaller revenue opportunities where we can -- we can leverage both firms being together to capture incremental revenue, probably more to talk about those in the future. But we -- but I would say anything, our confidence, our excitement, our enthusiasm about this is only increasing last year.
Dan Fannon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Will Nance with Goldman Sachs, you may ask your question.
Will Nance: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Maybe I could start off with a quick question on balance sheet growth from here. If I think about pro forma for Ameritrade, and this is rough math, but it seems like the percentage of your client cash that is now on balance sheet is in kind of the 50%. ballpark, and that's kind of in the backdrop of that being below the long term average, all time low rate, loss of liquidity, money markets being kind of flat to even shrinking. So when we think about the tailwind of BDA sweeps going forward, as well as what you could call reverse sorting and the lower rate environment, do you think we could be talking about something like double digit balance sheet growth for the next couple of years, as we kind of rebase the allocation of cash between on and off balance sheet?
Rich Fowler: It sounds like repeated question,
Walt Bettinger: That does sound like repeated question. So, Will, the two things that tend - or the three -- I guess the three dynamics that tend to drive the balance sheet growth organically, and I'll -- we'll be looking at Legacy Schwab. One is the interest rate environment and then a lower interest rate environment as I mentioned, our clients are less apt to avail themselves of the purchase money funds and CDs, there's just not as much of a yield pickup and not as much of a benefit for them to do that. So they're more likely to leave that cash sitting in their account on our balance sheet. Second, of course is organic growth, because a certain portion of the net new assets we bring every -- every quarter, every year comes in the form of cash. And then third is client relative sentiment about the equity markets, whether they are buying more equities or selling equities. Of course, that is, you know, that's harder to predict, going forward than perhaps those first two items. So, you know, you can imagine, certainly in this low interest rate environment, you can imagine, as we've seen, our balance sheet has grown at a sequence -- at a pace post the end of the first quarter, when we obviously saw that huge surge, at an annualized pace and in the double digit, you certainly can imagine a scenario where that would continue into the next -- as long as those interest rates remain low. Now, if interest rates were increased, one would expect at that pace, a balance sheet growth would -- would come down, and if clients get more bullish on the equity markets that would on the margin tend to slow the pace of balance sheet growth as well.
Will Nance: Got it. That's very helpful. And then, secondly, kind of on the same topic, I'll keep asking few other questions. As we think about the continued growth in the securities portfolio, you've had a big opportunity over the past year or so to continue to shift the mix towards fixed rate securities and away from the floating rate allocations, just maybe looking for an update on how long that can kind of continue, when you would kind of need to start keeping that balance in line and what the rates on those sorts of securities look like in today's environments, I guess, from a credit perspective.
Walt Bettinger: So we're at about -- we're about at 85/15 now fixed to floating on our investment portfolio. And we feel like that's probably about the -- about the right place to be. So I would say that you'd see us look to probably maintain that pretty close. That leads us to a duration in the upper threes. In terms of the rates, reinvestment rates on the fixed portion are in the 90 to 105 basis point range today, and of course that varies on a daily -- weekly if not daily basis, but sort of in that -- in that general range.
Will Nance: That's helpful. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your question comes from Mike Carrier with Bank of America, you may ask your question.
Mike Carrier: Good morning, thanks for taking the questions. What -- it seems like you guys offer great value in many areas, and you've been innovative in the different offerings. But one of the things you mentioned is kind of on the higher wall side, the RIAs, and when you think about the more holistic and full service types of offerings, how do you think about Schwab offering you say lending, insurance, or other offerings that can be increasingly in demand meaning, you think about that on a proprietary basis, third parties, but wanted to get your thoughts there?
Walt Bettinger: You're referring on the retail side or on the RIA side or both?
Mike Carrier : Yeah, both, but I would say probably you're going to see more demand through the RIAs.
Walt Bettinger: Yeah. So we -- we certainly see growth on both sides. Of course, the RIA business continues to have exceptional organic growth. But also on the retail side, as I mentioned, the fastest growing segment of clients for us is high net worth and ultra high net worth clients. Now, they tend to be a little bit of a different kind of client, if you were trying to categorize them, in that the ones who come to us on the retail side tend to maybe be a bit more self-directed, maybe -- they come from the financial world and they're accustomed to managing money or managing their own money whereas on the RIA side, they tend to be more of relying on a professional investment advisor to help them manage their money. But both are growing fairly rapidly. And our plan is to continue to add the services and capabilities that the high net worth and ultra high net worth investor wants even with, again, the different approach to managing money that generally occurs on the retail side and RIA side. Segment services, dedicated relationship capabilities, access to the type of products that both of those types of high net worth and ultra high net worth investors want. Interestingly enough, when we talk to the ones on the retail side, they made a specific decision to come to Schwab. And they would like to stay at Schwab and consolidate assets at Schwab. But we have to make sure that we can deliver for them the type of service experience that they expect, given their significant level of asset. So we will continue to expand those capabilities to meet their needs, the retails ones that are at Schwab, because they want to be at Schwab. The ones served by RIAs are there because that's the best fit for them.
Mike Carrier: Great. Okay. And then, Peter, just one clarification. I think that you mentioned that the NIM for the fourth quarter around the 150, and I don't know if you had to break out between Schwab and Ameritrade and not looking for that going forward, but just given the moving pieces this quarter. I don't know if you can provide some context, you know, on the moving pieces. Thanks.
Peter Crawford: Yeah, so we did on that page, you'll see the incremental benefit on NIM of the TD Ameritrade acquisition. I think we said it's [indiscernible] 19 basis points. So I would imply kind of low 130s for the legacy Schwab business. Again, that's a -- that's a function -- if you look -- if you -- if you think back to the factors that have impacted NIM over the last couple of quarters, it's been the declining short term rates, it's been an increase in premium and amortization. It's been declining credit spreads, and then it's been a huge, huge increase in cash balances that we've reinvested at rates that are lower than our average portfolio yield. Those credit spreads have largely stabilized, short term rates of course have stabilized, less -- right now there's less cash to invest in the spread on between -- the difference between the rates we're investing at versus what were the average portfolio yield that -- that delta has come down. And we wouldn't expect from here a further big step increase in premium amortization. So we think that NIM while it may come down from Q3 to Q4, it seems unlikely to be as big, again, I'm just talking about the legacy Schwab business, not likely to be nearly as big as what it was from Q2 to Q3.
Mike Carrier: That makes sense. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Steven Chubak with Wolfe research. You may ask your question.
Steven Chubak: Hi, good morning. So I wanted to start with a question just on the election impact. There's some speculation that blue wave could drive steeper yield curve, which will certainly be beneficial, but also could come with the cost of either increase in tax rates and tougher regulation, whether it's DOL, transaction tax, higher capital requirements for banks, which will clearly present some headwinds. And I was hoping you can just provide some perspective on how you're thinking about the different election scenarios and what the potential implications could be?
Rich Fowler: Okay, maybe, Walt would you like to start us off on that? And then maybe Peter can pick up after?
Walt Bettinger: Sure. I think -- I think most of our emphasis right now is on making sure that we're here for our clients during -- during what could prove to be a volatile election period. It's -- I would say that our capability to speculate on the outcome of this election is no better than anyone else's, and, so I don't think we are planning on strategic changes at this point in time. I think all the things that you mentioned, are accurate if in fact, you get the outcome for the election that you referenced. And we would at that point in time have to figure out how the interplay between a steeper yield curve as well as some of the less favorable things for our business that you mentioned, if they end up occurring. But right now all the emphasis is really around making sure that we have system availability, capacity, service for our clients, as we go into a period that could be very volatile. And it may be an extended period before we know the outcome of the election, at least, for some offices. Peter, I don't know if you have anything you want to add to that? 
Peter Crawford: I think you answered it well, Walt. I'll just say that I think we have shown our ability to prosper in different environments and different administrations over our 40-something years. And as long as we continue to focus on clients, folks at home can do the math on what changes in corporate tax rates might do or changes in the long end of the curve. That's not really any mystery. But for the long term and the way that we manage this business, it's as Walt says, it's really continuing to focus on our clients, continue to execute on our strategy. And we think we will benefit from a lot of the secular trends that are taking shape in our industry. And so we think that'll continue to benefit us, regardless of the administration in the political environment. 
Steven Chubak: Thank you both for that perspective. And just for my follow up, I wanted to ask on capital. Following the deal use or at least with the completion of the deal you spoke to the capital accretion, Peter, and the additional preferred capacity getting you back well above 6%, but just given your target of 6.75% to 7% coupled with the fact that you continue to see really strong organic cash growth, it looks like by the time you can onboard the BDA in July of next year, that you're still going to be below that target level and was hoping you could speak to how you're managing to those capital constraints, how it might impact the decision making to onboard the BDA as quickly and how you're just balancing that pace with a commensurate capital drags? 
Peter Crawford: Yes certainly our intention is to onbring those balances onto our balance sheet, starting in July 1 of next year. We do have various levers at our disposal around capital, we want to make sure we have enough capital to support the organic growth of our balance sheet. I think that's why I think it's reasonable to expect us to access the periphery markets. But I don't think you should assume that if we're not at, , let's say 6.75% and tier one leverage in July 1 of next year, that means we're not going to bring on those balances. We certainly could do that, even if we're short of -- we certainly expect we could do that if we're short of that level.
Steven Chubak: Thanks for clarifying that Peter, much appreciated.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank, you may ask your question.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning, folks. Let me just start with the interest rate, headwind dynamic. Peter, you mentioned the 90 to 105 basis points, fixed reinvestment rates, maybe you could share the floating reinvestment rates if you continue to keep that at 15%. And then any commentary on money market fee waivers into 4Q, given the exit run rate was higher than the entry run rate and tricky.
Peter Crawford: So on the money find fee waivers, it wouldn't surprise us to see a little -- a bit of a pickup between Q3 and Q4, as you said, we're exiting a little bit of a higher pace. Of course, it depends on how much -- what the balances are in money fund. And as we continue to see balances, the balances into most purchase money funds go down. That would obviously reduce the amount of fee waivers. But I think an increase between Q3 and Q4 is reasonably expected. That's based -- that's built into that full year revenue outlook that we provided earlier. In terms of floating rate yields, it's somewhere to say it's in the 40 somewhere in that range right now. For what we're buying, of course that depends on whether it's -- a lot of the credit that we tend to purchase is floating rate and so the yields there tend to be a lot higher, of course, than when we're buying some agencies. So we're doing a pretty wide spread there.
Brian Bedell: Okay, got it. And then a question for Walt. Longer term on the interest rate dynamic, if we are in a lower rate environment for much longer than anyone thinks, what are your thoughts on globally migrating the revenue mix away from interest rate sensitive types of areas? And how would you -- how are you thinking it's possible to build those more sustainable fee revenue areas and maybe that weaves into some of the revenue synergies that I'm sure we'll talk about more in February? But how are you thinking about trying to change that mix, if at all?
Walt Bettinger: I think we do have a longer term goal of striving for a balance between spread income and other forms of revenue. And of course, that plays out in two of our three strategic initiatives, very clearly in monetization and segmentation. And the thing that I would just emphasize is that all of our monetization efforts are -- we want to ensure are done in terms of them being good for clients. But you can see them unfolding before you whether it's the acquisition of the technology and the talent from Motif, the acquisition of Wasmer, Schroeder, the negotiations that we are having with firms, who effectively capitalize on our platform and we provide services that they would otherwise have to provide, but yet don't provide any offsetting compensation for those services. These are all in line with actions that we're taking as well as continue to build our advisory solution. But again, the overriding in all of those moves will be to ensure that anything we do is the right thing for our clients. But we are confident that we can drive toward a more balanced scenario in the world you described, where rates stay lower for longer. Of course, if rates do turn and go up with the yield curve steepens, our spread income can increase quite dramatically, quite quickly. And of course, that would make it more challenging. But we're fairly confident in our plans to get to a more balanced approach within a reasonable period of time and are taking all prudent actions to get there. 
Brian Bedell: Okay, thanks for your color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Devin Ryan with JMP Securities, you may ask your question.
Devin Ryan: Great. Good morning. First question here just on expenses. And I know we're going to find our point on this. But if we think beyond the immediate $250 million to $300 million synergies here, if you can just help us maybe bridge a bit to the to $1.8 billion to $2 billion, and just remind us of some of the key milestones that are going to be required to hit those types of levels. And just also, if you can, whether you're feeling the same around the timing here because obviously, the range is the same, but a lot has changed. It was previously stated to just try to think about the timing of expense synergies relative to what you guys were thinking when the deal was announced. 
Joseph Martinetto: Sure, this is Joe again. So I'd say there's very little that's changed in our thinking around how to recognize the synergies and clearly the company's continued to operate and to the extent that we've had some very active service level requirements and those kinds of things this year, both companies have added some staff to take advantage of that. But those kinds of changes haven't had a material impact on the way we've been thinking about actually achieving the synergies. So the first pass through was dominantly focused on senior and executive level management and branches. Over the nearer term, there will be a series of other functions as we look to continue to consolidate predominantly in headquarters types of roles, as you get through things like converting to a single HR platform, there's savings both on the technology and on the people side that they come with those kinds of activities. And those will occur over the course of the next couple of years. A little further out is when you actually get another opportunity to get a bigger bang and expense synergies when you get to that point or we get to that point of being able to do the account conversion. There are a lot of synergies tied up in moving to a single broker dealer from two broker dealers. And there's a material amount of reduction, summon staff to support for a lot across things like technology platforms, real estate footprint that come down once we get to the place where we can really get to a single broker-dealer and run on a single platform. Then I would say there's a little bit of cleanup that goes on past that big bang date as we move to full retirement of some of those platforms and systems and just the cleanup work that doesn't come immediately upon conversion. You get a couple of big events in there that will drive some bigger reductions so we do expect over the course of the next 36 months that you will see continuous recognition of synergies over time, maybe not completely evenly over that window but you should see.
Devin Ryan: [Technical Difficulty] through some of the account growth metrics and just terrific momentum here in the business. I'm curious, just with the deal closing, whether there's been any change in trajectory within either business in the retail side or institutional side. Also just with the RA custody, whether or I guess more what you're telling advisors, especially your advisors that have assets and accounts custody on both platforms, and just some curious kind of whether it's just business as usual, or if there's anything else that's going to change just with the deal formally closing here.
Walt Bettinger: Thanks, I'll step in there on that one. I think we've seen business as usual with maybe one adjustment, and that is that there are a number of TD Ameritrade service advisors who would like to go ahead and make this switch over to the Schwab platform at this point in time rather than wait for us to do that as part of the integration. But the notion that there is some significant movement, if you're getting it that of RA's unhappy with the combination and therefore making moves elsewhere is simply not being backed up by the facts. If they were they would have shown up in the TOA metrics that I shared with you. So that was part of why I showed you those numbers. The clients are excited. They know that we are committed to ending up with a winning platform for them that integrates the best of Schwab and the best of Ameritrade as Bernie Clarke likes to say that it's not going to be one platform or another winning, it's going to be a new platform that combines the best of all. The RA that we talk with are really excited about being a part of that, being part of an organization with our scale and size, the ability to help them grow and as well as protect their clients' assets. So it's been all business as usual to positive if I were to try to summarize it.
Devin Ryan: Okay, terrific. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Chris Sadler with William Blair. You may ask your question.
Chris Sadler: Good morning. Any early update on the revenue synergies which you would outline particularly payment for overflow? I'm sure you've had a chance to kind of at least get an early look at the extent to which Ameritrade's greater order routing revenues due to product mix technology or just different philosophies.
Joe Martinetto : I'd say that's one of those areas where we weren't able to get into a lot of detail prior to close for competitive purposes. So we are parsing that data today. If anything, I'd say we probably feel a little bit more optimistic about our ability to maintain the majority of that revenue than we did prior to close. But it's still a little early for us to get into a lot of detail on exactly how that's going to play out.
Chris Sadler: Okay, thanks, Joe. Then just one other one on the pricing landscape or marketing landscape. Well, you noted a few quarters ago that you had seen some increased competition around some of the offers that some larger banks were offering to try to drive client acquisition. Just any update on that front will be great.
Walt Bettinger: Sure. It remains a highly competitive market and there is some activity around paying cash in order to get balances so that is still an activity that exists and continues to be an activity that we have questions about its long term logic for companies that intend to be independent and staying in the market over time. I would just say that I guess I would add, I remain optimistic that rational business leadership moves to rational and economically rational decision making over time.
Chris Sadler: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Brennan Hawken with UBS. You may ask your question.
Brennan Hawken: Hey, good afternoon now, I guess. Thanks for taking my question. At least good afternoon on the east coast. So it seems as though near term accretion from the deal is better but it didn't sound like you were changing the long term. In fact, it sounded like from an expense perspective, you specifically didn't change the long term. But is it right for us to assume that the experience that you're having here in the early days is clickable and that the better than expected accretion off the bat, therefore, would also translate into better accretion in total? Or is it just that things are happening maybe a little sooner than expected and it's just timing? Sorry, if you touched on it, that just wasn't completely clear to me.
Peter Crawford: I'll try to answer that and maybe Joe would be ready to add on to that. I guess, I would say is we are very, very excited about this deal. We're excited about this deal from an accretion standpoint. But I think even more importantly than that, we're excited about this deal, what this means for us long term, and our ability, or the position we have in the market, and the way that we can serve clients. Certainly, the math is compelling again, in the near term because of the accretion and over the longer term because of the revenue and expense synergies that Joe has talked about and I've talked about on previous calls. I think those numbers have on the revenue side, as I mentioned, have gotten bigger on the cost side probably similar, but it's really nothing to suggest they've gotten any smaller, and maybe over time, perhaps we'll discover more there. But I think also one of the things we've discovered is just the compatibility between the two organizations and over the last several months and bringing these two teams together and the alignment that we have around our focus on clients and that cultural compatibility is so very, very important on a complex integration like this. So that's also made us very, very enthusiastic and excited about the future as well. So I think on every dimension, we're feeling very, very enthusiastic about the acquisition.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse, you may ask your question.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you hope you're all doing well. Just following your June acquisition of motif, we wanted to see if we get an update on the timing behind it direct indexing launch and also, do you have plans to launch the capability first to the RAA channel or potentially both to return advisors at the same time?
Walt Bettinger: Craig, I'll take that. Unfortunately, this is going to be one of those questions. So I'll just say upfront, I'm not going to answer to your satisfaction. We're not going to discuss timing on the introduction for competitive reasons nor are we going to discuss which organizations might go first, but we certainly have every intention of making it available to both. That'll be used slightly differently by retail and by the RAA and so the determinant will be not trying to benefit one segment of our business over another, it'll just be which one we can get it to quicker because of the way they'll utilize the product.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo. You may ask your question.
Chris Harris: Just a couple of clarifying questions on the synergies. Should we be assuming the account conversion is a year to event? Then the $250 million to $300 million you guys are unveiling today, are those going to be realized very quickly, like in a few months or is that more of a gradual thing to be realized to the year?
Peter Crawford: Is it $250 million to $300 million we talked about today or already accomplished? They will show up in the run rate beginning in Q4. A little bit of timing there and that some of the staff reductions here have happened through October, but they will start to show in Q4 before embedded in Q1, those are done and executed on. And we're not, at this point, providing target dates for account conversion, but you start thinking to some of the other comments here around the 18 to 36 months and you got to get the accounts conversion in that window, with the time to be able to do some of the clean-up at the back end, to be able to get to the full synergy number. Then you can start to back into what some of our thinking is probably around the conversion date.
Chris Harris : Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Kyle Voigt with KBW. You may ask your question.
Kyle Voigt : Hi, thank you. Wondering if you can give us an update on the strategy around pricing at clearing conversion? And specifically, I think Joe mentioned that there will be some revenue synergies realized at the conversion date. I just want to get some more details on those. And then secondly, I'm wondering whether Ameritrade margin book [ph] which is much higher yielding right now, will that migrate towards Schwab's blended rate after conversion? Or will pricing be maintained for that book thereafter? Thank you.
Joe Martinetto: So my guess is, we will be in a position at that winter business update to write more details on all of these components. From a revenue perspective, I would echo some of Peter's earlier comments to say that we were pretty enthusiastic about what we're finding. And today thinking through some of the pricing and recognition, implications of decisions that we're going to have to face around how we bring these organizations together. But I would say, we're feeling optimistic about what we're seeing and what some of the recognition opportunities might look like. As you look forward to post conversion, I'd say that a couple of big buckets that we're going to have to dimensionalize here are around being able to provide some of the better trading opportunity in the systems, the TD Ameritrade has built to the Schwab client base, as well as being able to provide some of the more extensive wealth management capabilities the Schwab has built, as the TD Ameritrade existing client base. And if I had to guess a little bit today, I would say, we might see those trading benefits happen a little bit faster than wealth management. Wealth management has to be more of a relationship-type activity that we expect to build over time. We do think that those opportunities are significant, that may take a little longer recognize post conversion.
Kyle Voigt : That's great color. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And this question comes from Michael Cypryss with Morgan Stanley, you may ask your question.
Michael Cypryss : Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I was just hoping for a little bit more color on the net new assets and new customers that are coming over to Schwab here. What portion would you say are new households coming over to Schwab for the first time, versus a wallet share from existing customers? And then, for those new customers that are coming in the door, where would you say they're coming from? And as others are also reporting growth and seeing growth in accounts and customers, how do you think about the profile and where those customers are coming from and the profile of them? Thank you.
Joe Martinetto: Walt, do you want to start us off on new customers?
Walt Bettinger: Sure. So there's no question there are new entrants into the space. And that is leading to some of the new household formation, it's probably why we tried to share both net new assets figures, which of course, are a very broad definition, right? That net number is made up of new-to-firm households, as well as existing clients, as well as transfers from other financial services or investment services providers. So I don't know that we historically want to break down the components of that net new assets, but we try to give you enough metrics to give you a solid understanding. We report the total net new assets. We give you the new-to-firm household growth, which I think was on one of the pages that Peter shared. And of course, we give you the transfer numbers, which gives you an idea of whether we are winning or losing on a net basis relative to competitors with existing clients who may be residing at Schwab and residing at our competitor. I think we're having success with all three of those, as evidenced by our net new assets, including the record September, and the TOA numbers speak for themselves.
Michael Cypryss: And just maybe a follow up on the lending side, just hoping you could just give a little bit more color around some of the initiatives there, and how meaningful could this be as you look out over the next couple of years? On the lending side, more pledged asset lines among other lending products that you have, that you're prioritizing or even thinking about bringing to the marketplace?
Joe Martinetto: Peter, do you want to draw to that, and then you can close this out?
Peter Crawford: Yes, I can take that. We're quite pleased with the momentum we have on the lending side, if you look at -- I think our overall bank loans are up 30% year over year. Of course, that's during obviously a refinancing wave. But with our investor advantage pricing, that has been a huge win with our clients and our client-facing employees and just exceptional, exceptional pricing, while still offering an attractive economic benefit to us and helping us to cement those relationships with our key clients. Some of them was other firms that would like to do business with them at bay. I think there's certainly more opportunity there. And there's also more opportunity with the pledged asset line and having greater penetration there. If you look at where we are with pals [ph], we're certainly underpenetrated relative to what you see at the wirehouse firms. And I would say that's true both of our legacy Schwab clients and even more true with the TD Ameritrade clients, and the opportunity there is very, very fertile. So we're very, very excited, very enthusiastic about our ability to continue to grow that in a way that is very consistent with our strategy. I think we're out a time and I just thought I should just close with that. And just thank all of you for your questions today. I just want to close with a couple of thoughts and really reinforce something Walt said earlier, clearly we know that interest rates move in cycles, and this low rate environment will end at some point in the future. And we'll see the return to more normalized rates. But we're certainly not just waiting around for that to happen. And I'll say, while we're quite pleased by the near-term EPS benefit, and the acquisition supports that 25% to 35% number I referenced earlier. It's really the long term prospects that make us even more excited. And that's why we're really pressing ahead very, very aggressively, but in a way that's entirely consistent with our strategy, our purpose and our DNA. As those actions begin to bear fruit, in some cases quickly and other cases more gradually over time, it just reinforces our confidence and our enthusiasm. We'll look forward to seeing all of you virtually most likely, possibly some in person at the February business update. Stay safe everyone and thank you for your time today.
Operator: Thank you, that does conclude today's call.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-04 20:41:11) =====
Rich Fowler: Okay. All right. We're going to get started. Good morning everyone. Welcome. I'm Rich Fowler, Head of Investor Relations for Schwab and this is our 2020 Winter Business Update. We hope this will be an interesting day. Just one or two things happened since we were last together. So we'll try to keep everybody awake as we go through the day. We do have a great agenda lined up as usual. So let's get me off stage as quickly as possible. First off, Walt will walk us through the strategic picture as he usually does. Then Joe will join us yet again to walk us through both an update on the Ameritrade transaction and then also to talk about our further work in the digital arena and leveraging scale and efficiency for us. I think Joe is a living proof that much of life can actually be described through quotes from the godfather. Joe is a living embodiment of the  just when I thought it was out, they pull me back in. So we can't let go of Professor Martinetto and we appreciate him spending this time with us. Then Jonathan followed by Bernie will talk about what's going on with the client facing businesses. And then finally, Peter will bring us home with the financial picture as he usually does. So the main reason I'm up here, again, as I always say, is because no one else wants to deal with the next thing, which is the wall of words, which basically is of course around our disclosures and encouraging everyone to keep up with those, we  this year, because of the pending transaction and have a second wall of words, which again relates to specifics around the pending transactions. So again, the main message of all this is please keep in touch with our disclosures. Let's see. Let's talk about Q&A as usual in the room we'll have mic runners, so please raise your hands, wait for the mic, a question and a follow on, we'll work our way around the room. For those of you on the webcast, we will as always take questions from the console. Speakers will look to Jeff Edwards on my team, who will wrangle the webcast questions. And I think that covers our basics here. So I thank you all very much for spending the time with us. We always strive to make these a worthwhile use of your time. And we always, always, always, we made it sound like it, but we really do appreciate the dialogue that these generate with you as we go forward in the year. So with that, let me turn it over to Walt and we'll get started. Sir?
Walt Bettinger: Thank you, Brittany. Is this a remote? Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us, being here in San Francisco. For everyone on the webcast, thanks a lot for being with us this morning. I'm going to take a little bit of a different approach today in my segment than I have in the past. Let's see if I can work clicker. I'm going to start with a little bit of a backward look as we try to evaluate the picture of where the company is today. So starting with a backward look and then looking realistically at the competitive environment, the intense competitive environment that we operate in today. And then examining how we look to navigate that competitive environment, so that we're in a position to reward our clients as well as our stockholders. And then at the end, I'll go through some results of the way that we have navigated that environment. So a little bit of a reverse approach than we've taken in prior years in evaluating and sharing with you about where Schwab stands today. So this first slide just shows a bit of history both growth in assets, I think. I think that chart on the far left would work out to somewhere around in 11% CAGR. Clients over the course of the last decade are now paying us about 14% less per dollar of their assets overall than they did a decade ago. At the same time, our EPS has grown. And I think that that chart at the middle bottom would work out to about a 15% CAGR in terms of growth in earnings per share. And at the same time, we strive to take bold actions that are consistent with our Through Clients Eyes strategies. A couple  last year, of course, the move to zero online trading commissions for equities and ETFs, the introduction of a subscription based pricing as well as our intelligent income and then two acquisitions. I'm sure we'll spend a fair amount of time on today. At the same time, what we recognize is this is not the financial services environment of a decade ago. This is a hyper competitive strong organizations, no one is sort of on their heels. No one is trying to recover at this point in time from a particularly difficult tenure in their company's history. We compete with a broad array of different organizations from large integrated banks, again who are very strong today and aggressively looking to push into our traditional space serving mass affluent, private companies that may operate at a different levels of profitability or scrutiny or even regulatory oversight than we may, firms that are backed by venture capital that that may not be operating with a profitability motive or a profit motive in mind at least in the near-term. As well as some entities that we compete with, of course, who don't pay corporate income taxes, giving them a structural advantage. So it's a hyper competitive set of organizations that make up the world in which we operate. And of course, as a result, some of which has happened to us, some of which we have created. Pricing dynamics in our industry continue to lean more and more to the consumer with aggressive movements down in a variety of different pricing, both explicit pricing like commissions as well as implicit pricing, for example, fees for underlying asset management. And then lastly, we live in a unique world in which the willingness to write very, very large checks to clients in an effort to attract their assets is growing and I'll show a little bit more detail around that. Just to take one look at this in sort of an unveil, we decided to look at digitally enabled platforms starting back in 2009 and you can see some of the organizations that were involved in introducing these types of digitally enabled platforms and then how it has grown to a point that many of you may recall when I first talked about these platforms a half dozen years or so ago from this stage. I said that every financial services firm will eventually have some form of digitally enabled platform. And of course I think we can see that unfolding. What's come in recent years though is that these large integrated banking organizations have become much more aggressive in the mass affluent space with organizations like Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase and BofA Merrill getting into our space, offering competitive pricing and competitive array of services. When you put that into the backdrop of what does it mean for the consumer, this is one of the most impactful slides that I've seen in a long, long time. And it begins looking back about 45 years ago at three different types of experiences that a typical consumer might have from a financial standpoint. So it starts by showing at the top the cost of investing, the overall cost of a $250,000 portfolio. And we have all the details behind this in an appendix. Of course, you'll get all the slides available to, was around $8,000 in 1976. Compare that to the annual cost of a four year private college education, which was just below $4,000 and the cost, the annual cost for healthcare for an individual about $700. It's occurred in the last 45 years. Now, certainly Schwab has played a role in this, but I think the breadth of competitiveness in our industry has contributed to the outcome that you can see today with the education up at about $50,000 a year, healthcare over 11, and the cost on that $250,000 portfolio. And that includes we baked in the subscription pricing costs for planning to be part of it. So it's not just asset management down to $660 for a $250,000 portfolio. An extraordinary illustration of just how our industry and the competitiveness of our industry has contributed to benefits to consumers. What's interesting is that in the face of all of this decline in terms of what the consumer is paying, you have rapidly rising expectations. And of course that is consistent with why you see us constantly talk about a no trade-offs approach in our Through Clients Eyes strategies. Both embedded costs such as underlying fees that may be embedded in an ETF or a mutual fund as well as explicit costs like equity commissions or advisory fees often in a wrap type program have all gone down while at the same time clients' expectations continue to rise appropriately so. A fascinating area in our industry is the willingness of firms to write checks to provide cash to clients to move their dollars. I suppose it's the ultimate form of direct marketing. But what's interesting is that although this has been a fairly widespread approach in recent years, the intensity of it in the last three or four quarters has been quite dramatic. And you can see that illustrated here in a couple of well known competitors that have increased the amount that they will pay. I just recently saw an example of actually a local client here in San Francisco that was offered, I believe, $36,000 to move a very low revenue generating sitting on individual stocks account. So I'm not sure whether this is a reflection of the thought that metrics generate an impact to a stock price, even if there aren't economics behind it, or whether it's just a thought, if I can win these assets, I can figure out some way to monetize them. Unfortunately, this approach works. And so, therefore, organizations like ours, despite finding it a somewhat distasteful approach recognize that we have to be willing to match these types of things or there is a certain percentage of clients, who will move on. It doesn't necessarily build a deep relationship with a client if you're buying the assets with a check, but again it is effective and the intensity of it is higher than ever before. So what do we try to do inside this overall environment? I think when you're in the environment that we operate today, you must be on offense. And I don't know whether I'm drawing off from a football environment that we just went  just completed here two days ago, but definitely we believe the best defense is a good offense. And so, we are on offense and we are focused on three primary areas that we think serve our clients well, operating Through Clients Eyes and at the same time put us in a position to reward our stockholders, scale and efficiency, monetization that is in the client's best interest in client segmentation. So diving in a little bit deeper in each one of these three, we'll start a little bit with scale and efficiency. This is a slide that just illustrates some of the implications of work that we're doing in the scale area. Growth in our digital advisory program approaches $50 billion. Investments in our mobile capabilities now at J.D Power and number one rated for US Wealth Management mobile app satisfaction, significant increase in mobile users now up to 1.2 million a month. Joe will go into more detail, but a variety of early rewards and I would say very early rewards in terms of the impact of our digital transformation in driving down costs and at the same time enhancing the client experience. So again, no trade-off, better experience for the client, but also lower cost for us. And then, of course, the two acquisitions can have a measurable impact in terms of scale and efficiency for us over time. From a monetization standpoint, we are looking aggressively at opportunities here, but again, aggressively while doing so recognizing our Through Clients Eyes strategy. So I've identified just four of them here. The first one at the top left involves us looking at all of the revenue that is generated from the $4 trillion of client assets that we serve today and who captures that revenue and are we comfortable with who is capturing that revenue and is the client being best served or is the allocation of that revenue inconsistent with how we think it should be allocated, in other words, should our share be higher than it is today? So that is one opportunity. We think direct indexing is a critical part of the long-term future of investing and you'll see us making strides in this area to better serve clients. I would argue at the biggest picture level that everywhere technology has gone, it has attacked the concept of bundling and a lack of transparency. And so I questioned whether over time like direct indexing will have an impact on mutual funds and even potentially ETFs as technology and efficiency brings the opportunity to create better portfolios, more customized portfolios for individual investors as well as organizations. Schwab intelligent income is designed as a very effective means by which principally investors who have their money in tax qualified accounts can convert that into a paycheck, which of course is the vast majority of individuals in our country who accumulate their liquid assets and say a 401k or an IRA or a combination of the two Schwab intelligent income offers them a high quality way to turn that into income. At the same time, we also would expect that you will see us introduce versions of this that are even more tax efficient for people who have significant wealth outside of a tax qualified accounts. And then of course, I guess the topic does your environmental, social governance type of investing is certainly something attracting more attention and we think an opportunity that melds perfectly with Schwab, our brand as well as our history and our reputation as an organization committed to inclusion. So as you would expect we think that the revenue sources will continue to evolve over the coming years and that you will see a growth in the revenue that we generate from non-spread income while at the same time always doing so in a manner that is consistent with serving our clients well. It is natural that immediately after we would have finished the majority of the large transfers of sweep money fund balances to the balance sheet that you would be at a high point of the percentage of your revenue generated from spread all other things in the environment being equal. And then we would expect over time the growth that we'll experience in non-spread revenue to make up a higher percentage than it made today. From a segmentation standpoint, the opportunities are great. I would say we have simply scratched the surface of opportunities here to better serve clients, particularly at the higher end. When you examine our client base, there is a lot of affluent clients in the retail world, in fact, by some measures, more affluent clients in our retail population than in our RIA population, but often with different behaviors, largely self directed investors and relatively price conscious. At the same time, we have, as I mentioned, a lot of affluent investors in the RIA world. And so, there is a series of things that we're working on today to enhance the capabilities for both sets of clients, relationship broadening more opportunities in the lending space, planning opportunities on the retail side. We know that the RIA is that we serve compete directly with advisors of many of these large integrated banks and many of them will lead with lending. And therefore, it's essential that the RIAs have access to lending products through us that are on par with the lending capabilities that the firms  the organizations that are competing with might be able to offer these affluent investors. So if you put it all together, it sort of brings us right back to the beginning often where I open the comments that I make in meetings like this, the virtuous cycle and how did the virtuous cycle work during 2019. And you can see with the math here we  again, we're in excess of $200 billion in core net new assets leading to $4 trillion overall, revenue just shy of $11 billion, 6% growth. And of course, that includes the fourth quarter with the commission impact. ROE approaching 20% with solid EPS growth and of course in sharing back with our clients the significant move we announced in October to eliminate the online and mobile equity and ETF commissions. Third consecutive year in which we were able to generate around 7% organic growth on our asset base. Certainly, our assets continue to grow at $4 trillion now and could be larger pending the acquisitions that we have discussed. We continue to feel very confident in our ability to deliver in the range of net new assets that we've historically talked about as a percentage of our base. We don't feel that at a certain size that we were not able to deliver that percentage of assets. I remember being asked that question back in say 2009 when we had reached $1.1 trillion in assets. Are you going to be able to continue to grow at this rate while at 6%, 7%. We felt confident, then we've done so and we feel confident going forward. At the same time our client utilization remains relatively elevated. So the second year in a row of about 1.5 million new brokerage accounts and three quarters of a million new to firm and that was entirely new to firm households at Schwab and our clients continue to take advantage of capabilities that we offer across a variety of product solutions. Putting it together into more of a financial picture, you see the revenue growth from 2015, the ROE progression, earnings per share and then the pre-tax profit margin expansion. And I think as everyone knows, we had a couple of small items in a relatively small impact from an expense standpoint in 2019 that we're actually showing of course with those numbers included in the 2.67 and the 45.2. So how do you succeed in a world of hyper competitiveness and an incredibly strong and diverse competitors? Again, I think it all comes back to the client with our strategy Through Clients Eyes, a focus on no trade-offs, delivering great value, service, transparency and trust. I suppose that a headline that's a way of saying no trade offs. We think that's the key to competing in the environment that we're in, deliver for the clients without any tradeoffs. So let me go ahead and stop there. And I left about a half an hour ideally for Q&A that we have. I think we have mics correct. So we want to have folks stand and identify themselves, raise your hand. When you get the mic stand, Identify yourself and go ahead with your question.
Q - Brian Bedell: Its Brian Bedell, Deutsche Bank. Well, can you just  talking about the as you alluded to on the deal call back in November, building in the modern wealth  new modern wealth manager. Maybe if you can elaborate what your vision is for that with Ameritrade, say, five years out? And how you see that performer firm competing with the other large the wirehouses especially? And then you mentioned obviously lending is going to become a critical part of this as well. So how you plan on competing with banks? And where you see that whole landscape maybe in five years?
Walt Bettinger: Sure. Well, thanks, Brian. A lot in that question. I think, I guess, I would start with a couple of points in competing with these large integrated banks. One is that we're going to have to leverage our uniqueness, our capabilities, our scale and our efficiency. So we operate the firm today at a total cost of about 16 basis points. We think that some of the transactions that we've announced upon full integration will help lower that 16 basis points a bit, but we will continue to invest in digital capabilities that will further lower that. And by keeping our costs low and sharing back with the client some part of that efficiency, we're going to keep price pressure on the industry to the benefit of the consumer. And that's going to continue to apply pressure to those who may operate at a higher cost. At the same time it's not just about costs. There's also value and relationship involved in that. So we'll continue to expand our capabilities with digital that will deliver great value for clients and a great experience, but for the clients where relationship is important as you saw in the segmentation slide, we are delivering today and we'll deliver an even broader array of relationship capabilities for select clients. Put that all together again, I think you're looking at, as we often say, no trade offs type of environment, great value, great service and for those that it's important, a personal relationship that they can rely on, sometimes that'll be delivered in the retail world, sometimes it will be delivered in the RIA world.
Rich Repetto: Hey, Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler.
Walt Bettinger: Yes.
Rich Repetto: That sounds unusual after many years. Well, the combination of Schwab and Ameritrade is getting a lot of attention. The competitor out there has been saying that, you know, looks at it as a big opportunity. And I know you're limited at what you can say and what  and Joe will talk a lot more, but I guess this is your first chance since the announcement to really say more about how you're going to go about it, how are you going to handle competition, what you'll make, how you make investors feel comfortable that you can handle this big 5 trillion in assets overall merger.
Walt Bettinger: Well, I think the announcements and the public statements that have been made by our competitors are logical on their part. And whenever you have a big combination, it is an opportunity for them to pursue the conversion or the winning over of clients who are in one of the two organizations today. It makes a lot of sense for them to do so. And I think it is reflective, again, of the intense competitive world in which we operate. Thats simply the combination of Schwab and Ameritrade does not change the industry. The combined organizations would be somewhere around 11% of investable wealth in the United States. So it's still fairly modest in terms of the overall size and therefore these competitors' comments and actions make a lot of sense for them to pursue. At the same time, we think that the combination of the two puts us in a better position than ever to offer this no trade-offs proposition. So whether you are a trading oriented investor and benefiting from what we would consider in many cases best-in-class trading platforms from Ameritrade, whether you're more of a long-term investor benefiting from many of the capabilities that Schwab has you need banking capabilities. Putting all this together, we believe offers the best complete total experience at Schwab as anyone in the marketplace can deliver in at a value that we think is the best for the consumer. But it's going to be a road to get there. We're working carefully with the Department of Justice today. We have great respect for them. They're thoughtful. They're inquisitive. We're working with them on the industry and how the industry functions and operates from an educational standpoint, but they're very bright, very thoughtful and careful in considering to ensure that they fulfill their duties from a consumer standpoint, but we feel very confident that the combination creates that true ideal model again with no tradeoffs.
Mike Cyprys: Great, Thank you. Mike Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. So I guess just as you're thinking about growth, I am just curious how you're thinking about extending the brand to do more for existing clients and to access new clients perhaps that you have not historically addressed. And maybe you could talk a little bit about particularly on the non-spread based income. Just generally how you think about where you see the most revenue being captured by others on the platform? How you think about trying to get a larger piece of that? And what scenario could you go into active management or try and go more down the technology aspect there?
Walt Bettinger: Yes. So let me do the second part first. I think clearly the greatest opportunity today when we look at the revenue that our clients are generating for third parties is in the asset management space. And so that is a focus of ours in evaluating whether the consumer is getting the absolute best service, best value, best outcomes for what they're paying or are there alternatives that might be better for them overall. And at the same time potentially shift some of the revenue from third parties to us, but again, only in the context if it's in the best interest of the client. But I think asset management is the one that immediately is at the top of the list in ensuring that the client is getting the best possible results there and at the lowest possible cost, leaving as much as we can in their pocket. In terms of brand extension, interesting, our brand is already viewed quite broadly. And it's not just our brand; it's also the work that we do behind the scenes for the RIA. So, the RIAs are having a good success competing in the higher end of the market for people who are looking for the broad, robust capabilities that that many of affluent or high net worth investors are looking for. And at the same time, our brand fares very well with affluent or high net worth investors who are more self-directed oriented and might be looking more for platform service and lower overall cost. So the brand extends quite well. And down into the millennial, I think, Jonathan will share details on this, but over 50% of our new to firm households are under the age of 40. So, we're fairing very, very well in the millennial  the younger investor space with our initiative. So I think our brand has already extended quite well. What's critical for us is to ensure that the experiences that these various client groups have when they come to Schwab are consistent with their expectations for a world-class experience.
Mike Carrier: Mike Carrier, BofA.
Walt Bettinger: Hey, Mike.
Mike Carrier: Maybe just one on the competition. So you mentioned that incenting with the cash, the competition. So like  how do you like try to offset that? And then from a product standpoint, in order to differentiate, you mentioned asset management. It seems like there's some regulatory change on annuities and insurance so just from a product standpoint, any other areas that you're interested in?
Walt Bettinger: Yes. So I think that when you have  there's a couple things you have to do with the cash. One is your field has to be aware of the fact that we're not going to lose clients to another organization because of a cash offer. So you have to educate your field, make sure they're aware of that, and then you have to be willing to match what goes on out there even at times when arguably it is uneconomic in the short-run to do so. But there are as we all know organizations over the years who will make uneconomic decisions or what appears to be uneconomic decisions in the short run for a variety of different reasons. And what we don't want to do is allow those organizations and those decisions to undermine our long-term trajectory. So we have to be willing to match. At the same time, as I referenced earlier, Mike, we think it's a strategy that is incredibly shortsighted creates a level of expectations on the part of the consumer that probably are going to forever be difficult to match. And you could definitely find yourself in a place where the consumer expectation is to get a check every time from someone when they're planning to make any type of investment. So it's not a strategy that that we consider an effective long-term one. You asked around
Mike Carrier: [Question Inaudible]
Walt Bettinger: Yes. So, the insurance business is a very difficult business with very challenging returns. I think it is likely that you will see us leveraging a bit of our partnership that we have with USAA to deliver quality solutions in that space where they're in the best interest of the client, but I think it's very low probability that you'd see us actually designing or creating or starting an insurance company to offer those types of products. But again, what we'll want to look for is only when it's in the best interest of the client. And if so, USAA has great solutions as do some of the other partners who worked with today.
Mike Carrier: Thank you.
Craig Siegenthaler: Craig Siegenthaler, Credit Suisse.
Walt Bettinger: Hi, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: Craig Siegenthaler, Credit Suisse. After the earlier slide on direct index investing, can you just walk us through what is the timeline when you think about when Schwab will be ready to launch these capabilities in the retail channel? And do you think Schwab will be one of the first firms to do this? Or do you think other firms out there will be to do it?
Walt Bettinger: Well, I don't really want to say a timeline for competitive reasons on it, but I think what's less who is first and whether we're first or others are first within the segment of organizations we compete with, but it's really going to be who has the economic incentive to drive this type of very consumer friendly solution into the market. And generally, the organization that would be most apt to do that is someone who has very little to protect in terms of existing proprietary asset management. Because ultimately the argument may well be that the winners and losers if direct indexing becomes a major way of functioning going forward, the winners will be those offering the direct indexing albeit probably at a much lower revenue per dollar of client assets than active asset management and the losers may be those who are doing asset management at a much higher cost. The losers may also be those who are doing indexing just traditional beta oriented indexing that in a packaged format may not be as effective for the underlying consumer as the direct indexing. Time will tell on that. But again, if you look at what we've had come together technology, the coming of fractional share trading which enables things like direct indexing down to the lower level in assets and the elimination of transaction pricing, all those things play together toward direct indexing, playing a meaningful role in the future for investors of all sizes as well as we all know the benefits of being able to customize and include certain areas, exclude certain areas. That's a powerful model I think for the future. I think, Jeff, you have one from the...
Jeff Edwards: Sure, I had a question from the web. Can you elaborate a bit more on the incremental lending opportunities you may want to pursue out of the bank? And what is your comfort level on expanding the ratio of loans to securities?
Walt Bettinger: I think we have great comfort in expanding the ratio of loans to securities as long as our loans that get paid back. And so I would categorize it that that is our strategy and willingness to lend more to our clients particularly tends to be more of our affluent and higher net worth clients, appropriately risk managed and at a reasonable and fair interest rate. We intend to be quite competitive there in support of the RIAs that we work with as well as our principally self-directed high net worth retail investors. It's a critical area for us to compete and we intend to do so. And of course, it makes all the more important to have the banking capabilities that we have here at Schwab.
Dan Fannon: Dan Fannon, Jefferies. Just to follow up on asset management. If you look at Ameritrade's revenue mix today versus yours, asset management is even a smaller component. So as part of what you're talking about in terms of incremental growth just normalizing their  kind of penetration of their customer base with what youre already doing? Or is it  I assume there's a combination of both of that?
Walt Bettinger: Yes, I think I would say that it's probably more incremental, not so much relying on the client base of TD Ameritrade. Its, as you know, when we announced the acquisition we were communicated fairly modest revenue synergies inherent in that and we continued to believe that in many cases, and again, this is a broad brush paint, broad brush statement, so we have to view it through that lens. The Ameritrade clientele is a different clientele than the Schwab clientele, lower account size is much more trading oriented. And so, the idea that there are a tremendous advisory or asset management opportunities in that client base, I think, would be  to make that assumption would be a mistake. Are there some? Yes, of course, there are some. But it is a different client base. Relatively what similar number of accounts, but a little over a fourth of the assets overall, so that in and of itself speaks to the difference of the client base. So what I'm referring to is more capabilities that will be appealing to existing Schwab clients, some percentage of Ameritrade clients and then what we anticipate are ongoing new clients in a manner consistent with what I shared previously about our ability to win new clients in the marketplace. Other questions? Yes. Jeff with the console and then Rich had another question here.
Jeff Edwards: We had one more from the web. Following the commission actions in October, as you look ahead, where do you and the executive team see the most potential price risk in the business and across the broader industry?
Walt Bettinger: I think as we sit here now pricing, I don't know that I would identify an area is having pricing risk. As we sit here now, there are certainly areas that people could look at to consider for pricing moves. There's still some transaction pricing that sits out there. Although arguably  arguably if there was someone in the industry today who felt like there was a significant market share opportunity and a pricing move or other competitive advantage or strategic advantage they could achieve, they would have likely done so as part of their response to our move in October. That's not to say that someone couldn't surprise us, they certainly could. But sort of everyone had the chance to post our announcement in October to reset their pricing to an area where they felt that it optimize their competitive and strategic position. And the fact that everyone has sort of done what they have done, I think would tell us that most feel that that there aren't big gains to be achieved by additional pricing moves today. Again, I could be totally wrong and there could be an announcement this afternoon from one of our competitors, but I think everyone had that opportunity. And as we sit here today most are probably made their decisions.
Rich Repetto: Well, Rich again. So when you looked at the potential acquisition targets, you picked Ameritrade with a significant RIA network.
Walt Bettinger: Yes.
Rich Repetto: So, I guess could you give us the thoughts on, was this a surprise? Like it has garnered reasonable amount of press and discussion, I see when you get your second requests, the other day stocks traded-up actually off of that that day. But what  just what are your thoughts on, this, the whole RIA issue and regulation.
Walt Bettinger: Sure, sure. So Bernie I know is going to speak at length to this, so I don't want to jump in front of the things he has to share, but I'll just share some, maybe high-level perspectives on it. We are highly committed to the RIA space. And when I say that, when I say the RIA space, I mean all RIAs, of all sizes and shapes and forms. We have historically been a leader in the sub-100 million AUM RIA space. And so we are excited about combining our RIA capabilities with TD Ameritrades RIA capabilities, and serving an even broader array of RIAs of all different sizes. And I think our strategy is certainly to continue to be a premier location for RIAs of all sizes and serve them in a world-class manner. So there's again, I don't want to jump in front of things Bernie is going to share, but the speculation that we in some way, shape or form have a little or no interest in serving RIAs who might not be billion dollar plus RIAs is inaccurate, naive and inconsistent with everything that we have done for the last 25 or 30 years in the RIA space.
Rich Repetto: And just the broader view about the antitrust sort of review in the advisory space. You can call it RIA.
Walt Bettinger: Yes. So, as I mentioned earlier, the department of justice is thoughtful. They recognize the difference between facts and speculation. These are highly professional individuals who are doing their appropriate job and in looking at any type of combination and ensuring that in the process the consumer wins in that combination and the consumer is not penalized. So, they're doing thoughtful work. We're co-operating fully. We're excited and encouraged to provide them with anything they need to do their job. But again, I just, I want to emphasize our commitment to the RIA space includes all our RIAs of all sizes and we intend as we think we have historically been, being the leading provider for all types of RIAs.
Brennan Hawken: Well Brennan Hawken from UBS.
Walt Bettinger: Hi Brennan.
Brennan Hawken: Just a couple questions on some of the things you mentioned. First on the competition in the cash offers, a lot of it made sense right up until I think the end and I might not have heard it correctly, cause you said the people they are being aggressive doing things that are uneconomic, it's confusing to you, that all made sense. And then I thought you said you told the field we'll match it, but why?
Walt Bettinger: We have to.
Brennan Hawken: Like if competitors are going to do something dumb, it's uneconomic and so you lose a customer, isn't that sort of c'est la vie and then you can just pick up customers elsewhere. Wouldn't doing something that you know is uneconomic to support a net new money or whatever the print or the number is that, doesn't that  isn't that not  doesn't that make sense. I don't get it.
Walt Bettinger: It is hard to disagree with what you said, but I think that the challenge for us when we look at it is that if we do not match, we simply encourage more and more of this behavior. And so when, as I referenced earlier, cash for assets works with a certain percentage of the population. It is effective. It didn't work, people wouldn't do it. And so what we try to do by saying we will match it is we're discouraging that behavior as best as we think we can. And so I  it's not a, there's not a perfect answer and I won't sit here and argue that our answer is the perfect one to do, but I think our view is that discouraging it by making it less effective is better than encouraging it by allowing clients to leave and capture that cash. Now that's not to say in every situation, right? We're going to look at each client, we're going to look at the underlying economics of that client. We're going to evaluate whether this is a serial abuse well abuser is the wrong word, let's say a serial user of these types of offers. So we're going to apply rational thinking in behind it, but in general, we're not going to lose clients to someone pursuing this type of a strategy and therefore in our mind encourage it on an ongoing basis.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. and then on the  growing the loan book, particularly in the retail side, I might not be remembering correctly, but I think you guys made an effort similar to this about a decade ago to try to grow a prime mortgage book a, which didn't translate into a ton of loan growth. How are you approaching things differently than you've approached in the past on the retail side? What is it that you're going to do to compel some of those loan balances to come to you? And what is it going to end up costing you?
Walt Bettinger: Yes, so I think one of the things we have to be careful with when we evaluate our success in the lending side is we tend to only look at the loans that we keep on our books. And we actually retain a fairly modest percentage of loans overall on our books. Generally, our ARMs and of course in the rate environment we've been in for most of the last decade, few people have been opting for ARMs, much of the lending has occurred in the fixed space. So we're not retaining that. So when you look at loan balances you probably are seeing an under-representation of the success we've had in doing lending with clients. I think when it comes to lending for the most part relationship is key, but you have to have pricing that is competitive in what is to some extent a commodity oriented offering. And when I look back at some of the things that we have done in the past, we probably weren't priced as sharply as we needed to be. For some of the commodity oriented product, particularly with affluent and high-net-worth investors where your risk of default is very, very low. So, there's a bit more sharp pricing that is going on today than we may have in the past. To me, that's probably one of the biggest differences that you'll see that and an expansion of our capabilities and field representation to support our field professionals with lending talent that in the past we didn't have. Today, we have a much more robust and professional team of individuals out there supporting our field.
Christian Bolu: Christian Bolu, Autonomous Research. Hi. Your market share in the RIA business post the Ameritrade deal will be between 40% and 50%. Just maybe what's your argument as to why that is not anti-competitive?
Walt Bettinger: Yes, let me first say, I'm not sure that I believe that market share percentage
Christian Bolu: I think it is basically your data that you guys used to present.
Walt Bettinger: Well, when I look back, I think it's at the lower ends of the range that you talked about. I guess the first thing I would do is I would say, let's talk about the size of the funnel here. If you look at the RIA business, we're in the business of serving individuals who advise other people with respect to the investment of their money. That means that the individuals who make a living advising other people on the investment of their money, they have a broad array of choices. It's not just purpose-built platforms. They have the choice to be with independent broker dealers. They have the choice to be with wirehouse brokerage firms. They have the choice to be with hybrids. I think some of the hybrid organizations offer as many as a half dozen or so different models for RIAs. And along with all this other dozens of different custody and brokerage choices, there are also purpose-built platform choices. So if you simply narrow it down to purpose-built platforms, yes, we may be in the 40% range market share combined. But that's after throwing away all of the other options that were available to someone who's in the business of managing money for other people. And let's also keep in mind that the underlying consumer, the underlying investor, nothing has happened to any of their choices. They have all the choices that they had prior to this acquisition that they can go to. So the ultimate consumer in this situation has a complete broad array. And then lastly, as I referenced earlier and Bernie will talk about more, even for those RIAs so we start with this big population of people in the business of managing money for others. And if we skinny it down just to the population who've decided to be on a purpose built platform, post combination, we will be offering them the level of service and value and pricing and capabilities comparable or better than what they have today. So, I'm not sure when I sort of step back and try to look at it as objectively as possible, I'm not sure where I see any type of loss of capabilities, functions, value, price for either the underlying consumer or for the RIA who's chosen to go to a purpose built platform.
Brian Bedell: This is Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank again. Just coming back to what you commented on before on the revenue synergy opportunity for the Ameritrade customer base. Obviously more trading focus, but why wouldn't you be more optimistic about the wallet share penetration there? Presumably, they're doing banking somewhere else or wealth management somewhere else and now that you've got a  or you will have an enhanced range of services, should we be thinking or should we be thinking there's a better opportunity to penetrate that customer wallet share?
Walt Bettinger: Well, again, we don't have the details at this point in time to be able to know the size of that opportunity. That is why when we shared on the announcement, the revenue synergy opportunities, they were very, very modest. We don't have that information. It may well be that there is opportunity and that many of the people who have more modest size, average account balances at TD Ameritrade have meaningful wealth outside or they may not. And I think we have to get the data and have that information to be able to express something with a higher degree of confidence. In the meantime, I think consistent with the way that we have tried to always communicate with you, we would rather be a bit more conservative and not show large revenue synergy opportunities without more factual information to back that up.
Brian Bedell: Thanks, and then just a follow-up back on the  one of the first questions on the long-term competitive response. You're positioning your firm more and more to compete with a broader range of financial service companies, Vanguard, Fidelity, potentially BlackRock with self indexing, if you're successful there of course the wirehouses, why don't you see those other firms trying to  obviously they'll have competitive responses, but why don't you  what barriers to entry or what barriers to them raising their ability to compete with you? Do you see going forward that you will be putting together with the combined firm?
Walt Bettinger: Yes, I think there are very limited barriers for them to enter. In fact, I would argue that it's not just simply us looking to broaden out our appeal. It's them per some of the charts I showed up there. Identifying the segments where we're successful in and striving very hard to come into our space. So, I think the message that I was trying to deliver in part with the opening slides is that everyone, this industry is intensely competitive. And we're broadening our capabilities and others are broadening their capabilities and I think the idea that you can neatly slot organizations into segments that they're trying to be successful in is a decade ago thinking. And so we have to, in order to be successful, we have to be world-class and no trade-offs in all the different segments and all the different sizes, slices of clients based on asset size. And I think they all recognize the same thing, that's why there is a You Invest, that's why there is a Merrill Edge, that's why there is a Marcus and that's just the world that we live in. We feel confident in the combination of our brand, our efficiency, our history of innovation that when you put all those things together, we will be successful in serving clients in this hyper competitive world. But that is the world we live in. It is an intensely competitive world and all lines are sort of blurred as to who works in which space.
Will Nance: Will Nance, Goldman Sachs. I wanted to follow-up on the idea of you getting your fair share of the revenues currently going to other parties. There's always been this narrative around your retail business competing for the advisory business of the advisors on your RIA platform. I guess you've always done a good job managing that conflict with the advisors on your own platform. For some of the advisors on the Ameritrade platform who maybe are less familiar with how you go about that, what sorts of efforts for outreach are you guys contemplating to kind of manage that, that perception as you execute also on kind of getting your fair share of the revenues on your platform?
Walt Bettinger: Sure. Well, Bernie and his leadership team, certainly folks like Jon Beatty and Tom Bradley and others will work hard to communicate the approach that we've historically taken which is very, very rarely do we ever see a situation where there is actual competition. And if we do see that where there is competition for the same client we will generally stand down in the retail space in favor of the RIA while understanding that ultimately the end client has to be the one making the decision. Right? But I think this notion of competition between retail and RIA. Again, it's in many ways it's sort of news that  I wanted to use a phrase, but I'm not going to use that phrase. It's news that may not be totally accurate and it's just not been something that we've seen of consequence. It's been more, and you used the word Will, it's been more of a narrative maybe promoted as a competitive tool than it has been a real thing. And in some ways it's hard for us to sort of prove the negative. We'll do the best that we can. But people will have to experience the fact that the combined organizations are 11% of AUM and there's a lot of opportunity in the 89% much more than being overly concerned about the 11%. Here's a question here with Kyle.
Kyle Voigt: Thanks Kyle Voigt with KBW. Just with respect to the DOJ, some prior deals where the DOJ issued that second request have resulted in a remedy being offered or agreed upon. Assuming the DOJ is focused on the RIA custody business. Do you believe that operationally it's even feasible to offer a remedy for a fraction of the RIA custody business? And you previously mentioned the RIA business as part of the strategic rationale for the Ameritrade transaction. Do you believe that rationale for the transaction would remain in place even excluding a custody business?
Walt Bettinger: So, I'm not really going to speculate on remedies. The second request is to be expected in a deal of this size. It just, there's not enough time without the second request for the Department Of Justice to do their appropriate and professional evaluation of all the implications. So, so I don't think the second request is a signal of anything other than a transaction of this size warrants appropriate diligence and that warrants the second request. Beyond that, I just don't think it's appropriate for me to speculate on remedies. We feel very confident that the transaction as announced is in the best interests of all consumers, both end investors as well as RIAs. And we feel continuing to demonstrate through facts that that's the case. Do you have a question now? I guess not. I guess one more quick one, Jeff.
Jeff Edwards: Yes, one more quick one from the web. A number of firms are looking at some, maybe some newer acquisition channels such as a stock plan service businesses or other corporate relationships. Can you talk a little bit about how Schwab is participating in those newer channels?
Walt Bettinger: Sure. So a core part of our corporate strategy for many years has been the capture of both clients for the retail channel as well as for RIAs via our bundled and unbundled 401(k) businesses, which combined have hundreds of billions of dollars. Many times people only look at our bundled side and aren't cognizant of our unbundled, but our bundled and unbundled 401(k) businesses as well as our stock plan services business. And they make up a meaningful percent. I don't remember the percent off of my head, Jonathan, what's the approximate percent of new to firm households, they'd come from the corporate channels? So it's, a meaningful percent. I don't remember the exact percent. But we can find out the exact percent and Jonathan can communicate it during his segment. Thank you all so much for your time. Thanks for being here today. For those of you who traveled, I look forward at the breaks to have the opportunity to spend more time with you one-on-one or in groups. And I'm going to turn it over to my great colleague, Joe Martinetto to update you on the status of the integration as well, some of our digital initiatives. Thanks Joe.
Joe Martinetto: Thanks Walt. So with the introduction I got, I feel like I should issue a disclaimer at the beginning. No one's going to make you an offer you can't refuse except for maybe superior wealth management services with great price points and value. So, all right that kind of fell on his face. I didn't know he was going to do that. That was the best he could come up with in the moment.  I better should move over to the business side and give you what you're looking for the update on the TD Ameritrade transaction as well as spend some time on digital. I think there's some key integration points to steal a word here around what we've been doing with digital and how we plan to approach the integration efforts more broadly. So like to be able to bring that all together. So, starting with the transaction these first couple of slides, it is not going to be a lot new, but this is a transaction that's predominantly driven by building scale. Scale can produce some relatively significant shareholder value, scale becomes a strategic valuation driver when you use it the way we have. So when you drive scale and share some of the benefits of that scale back with your clients, either through product innovation or pricing to create new opportunities to drive growth for the firm for the long run. So this more than just the unlock from reduction of expenses, this is about building a long-term scale model that allows us to continue to create and leverage that, that strategic advantage that comes with building scale. When I talk about scale, what are we talking about? Obviously the consolidated firm is going to be quite large. So, you got some metrics on the side of the page here that will allow you to get a sense of what a post-integration company might look like. Clearly this gives us opportunities that are beyond the scale in terms of size of firm that we operate today. There's some other advantages that come through the transaction. We've heard Walt talk a little bit about some of the capabilities that we would expect to be able to offer either to the Schwab client set from what comes from the TD Ameritrade capability set or to the TD Ameritrade clients from the capabilities that Schwab has that they don't currently offer. And there is an opportunity for a pretty significant shareholder unlock here in value in terms of reducing some of the expenses of the consolidated entity. So, what are we talking about in terms of dollars? First I would say you don't have to scribble madly to write these numbers down. They are the exact same numbers that we showed you back in November when we announced the transaction. So there is no new information at this point to update you on other than recommitting to, these are the synergy numbers that we expect to be able to drive out of the transaction. We are starting to work to put plans together to be able to recognize these numbers and as those plans come together and we do have more updates, we'll share that information with you over time. But for now, we're still talking about $1.8 billion to $2 billion of expenses on the consolidated firm, thats 60% to 65% of the TD Ameritrade expense base or 18% to 20% of the consolidated firm. We do see opportunities on the revenue side. So we've, I think walked through changes to the way the TD Ameritrade side handles some of the client cash managements and that IDA agreement that they've got. We do see opportunities particularly in the trading space to offer some additional capabilities to the Schwab client set and particularly in wealth management to offer some new opportunities to the TD Ameritrade clients set. And then obviously we've set aside some pretty significant dollars in terms of what we expect to spend to be able to get to that consolidated integrated company. This is a different kind of acquisition than what we did with the USAA transaction. So just to make a couple of points here, that was an account transition where we are going to literally close and convert over a weekend. So it's, the kind of transaction where you can take a team, you can put them together, you can tell them your job is to go execute on this. Obviously, they need help from a lot of the organizations, but with a much more focused and contained kind of effort, the TD Ameritrade transaction is going to be more of what firm does over the next two to three years to deliver this value. So, rather than being able to pull a consolidated team together to try to manage the transition, this is going to be work that's going to be driven broadly by the leadership of the company on a consolidated basis to get to those synergies. So, a little bit different approach here in terms of how we're thinking about the integration can work. So, what exactly do I mean by how we're thinking about the integration? So we developed a set of guiding principles to help everybody that's working on the integration team understand the priorities for how we intend to manage the transaction. And some of these may seem fairly obvious but they are important and we wanted to share them with all of you as well to just give you a sense of where we are in terms of mindset about how we're approaching the transaction. So number one, minimize client disruption. I think we would have attempted to do that anyway. We are Schwab. We serve clients. TD Ameritrade also affirmed that it is very focused on serving clients and does a great job at it. So, you've got two firms that are very focused on serving clients, serving them well. There's no reason to expect that we wouldn't anticipate continuing to do that through and past the integration. So, we have some pretty lofty retention targets. We could not do that if we did things that were highly disruptive to the client base. So, clearly here making sure that we continue to give them the capabilities that they would expect to have so they can continue to do business with the consolidated company becomes a big part of the planning exercise that we're going to engage in here. Capturing the synergies as soon as possible. So making sure that we are putting plans in place to actually recognize the kinds of numbers that we've been talking about and be able to go execute against those, make decisions quickly. So this one is a little bit more focused on the Schwab internal component where we have a capacity to do a tremendous amount of analysis and tremendous amount of socialization. We may not be able, in the timeframe we're talking about to get to the kinds of numbers that we need to hit, be quite as in depth that may mean that we have to make decisions a little faster and we may have some cleanup work that has to be done post-integration. We're going to be able to be okay with that. On that front, one of the decisions that we are going in with, unless it's proven that we can't execute on it, is we expect the Schwab systems to be the platforms of choice. So that sounds maybe a little bit narrowing when you think about the idea that there are definitely some capabilities on the TD Ameritrade platform that are superior and different than what we offer. So that's why we've got the caveat on this phrase here where except where there's a clear material advantage in what the TD Ameritrade approach brings. So, to the extent that there are opportunities out there in that TD Ameritrade capability set, particularly around areas like retail client trading or in some of their open API approach that they've used to help their RIA has used some third party providers. Those are things we're going to have to take a hard look at. Those are capabilities that we would expect that we're going to be able to largely bring across either directly or through build out in the Schwab platform. But to be able to recognize the kinds of synergies that the pace we're talking about, this can't be a system by system, platform by platform, pick the best and drive to an optimized platform over the long run that will just take too long. So we have to pick one of the platforms to start from. Our going in presumption is we're starting from the Schwab platform that, at the end of the day that is not meant to cast any aspersions on the TD Ameritrade platform. We've got two companies that have made great investments, have great platforms. It really is just a matter of how do we get to a consolidated platform the most quickly and allows us to get to the synergies. Again, a little bit of inside baseball. We've got a lot of work that we're doing on digital platform evolution and transformation. And we may have to reprioritize some of that and take some of those resources. Well we've got particular subject matter expertise and take things that are more important to the integration experience and maybe prioritize that over some of the new capabilities that we might have been thinking we'd be bringing to market. And then finally even though the two firms approach the market largely consistently to the extent that there are places where there are differences, the resulting firm is going to be Schwab. It's going to be our strategy, our vision, our values at the end of the day, our responsibility to make sure that the folks on the other side understand the importance of that and why it's critical to the ongoing success of everybody in the consolidated entity. So where are we specifically in the integration? I got a lot of questions in the few minutes I was down here before. So let me try to address what I heard and I'm sure there will be more when we get to the Q&A. So, we have stood up an integration program that is being led by Jason Clague. I don't know if most of you, I don't think he has ever presented, he is actually in the back of the room if you want to ask him questions at the break. Jason is the Executive Vice President that runs our Operations Group and we couldn't think of a better person to at that level really stand-up and run that integration management program. We've created an integration management office. We're in the process of staffing that office. We are organizing the work at this point. We have identified 14 work tracks. We have leads identified for all of those main work tracks. In parallel, a parallel exercise has been going on the TD Ameritrade side. They've got their head of integration, they've got their heads at the work tracks. We are all coming together later this week in Westlake, which is just outside of Dallas to have our first big integration planning kickoff meeting. So there have been some conversations that have occurred particularly among the track leads to start to get some of the work organized, but the big launch meeting is going to be this Thursday and Friday. So there are obviously a lot of concerns for a deal of this magnitude with this visibility where we are being appropriately cautious around sharing of information. Some of the work that has gone on is establishing the right communication protocols, putting the right controls in place, making sure people understand the rules of the road, standing up to things like clean room processes so that we can share information appropriately while we're still in the DOJ review. So, all of that work is in place now, so we can get together and have this meeting and be confident we're going to be able to do it in a way that still conforms with all of our obligations and all of their obligations to continue to operate as independent companies. Beyond that from a timeline perspective, we don't know at this point how long the DOJ review is going to take. As we get more information on that, we'll obviously be sharing it, but for now rest assured we are using every day as best as possible to start to plan for that integration so that we can hit the ground running on day one post-close when we know what that post-close date is. So, switching to tax a little bit here, I'd like to move over now and spend a little time talking about some of the work we've been doing in digital transformation on the Schwab side. And when we introduced the digital services organization not quite two years ago at this point, I think we spent some time talking to the investment community back then around what we were hoping to accomplish and so a lot of this should seem fairly similar to all of you  but  or familiar to all of you. But what we're trying to accomplish with digital is around creating those seamless experiences for the clients that allow us to bring products to market that not only are easier for clients to interact with, but also drive some additional benefits to the company. So, thinking about how those products are built and serviced in a way that's different than what we've done before. Looking, all the way front to back in those development chains and making sure that we are building the fulfillment capabilities that allow us to take advantage of the automation that the digital front end will create. And then finally to the extent that that is all working and we're driving some additional synergies, creating the ability to reinvest that value back into the client set to continue to feed that innovation channel that lets us continue to build the growth of the firm. That doesn't sound a whole lot different than what we've been talking about in how we're approaching integration. So, integration is about building scale across a platform, sharing and leveraging the resources more broadly across the two companies sets of clients looking for unlocks that come from the ability to drive synergies. So, there's a lot of parallels. So there are reasons to expect that the work that we've been doing might actually help to drive some of the benefits we'd see in integration. One of the goals we set up when we establish a digital services organization was to try to bring more product to market more quickly. So, in the old days we did what a lot of people did, we used what people generally referred to as waterfall development. So you spend a lot of time, you build a lot of specifications. You hand it over to the technology group, they go build something. 18 months later they give it back to the product management organization who evaluates it and maybe it hit the mark, maybe it didn't. If there's rework that takes time and then it gets launched and that's a long and cumbersome process. We've adopted like a lot of other folks, more agile processes. We're getting more product out to market more quickly. We're iterating on that product more rapidly. We're seeing more launches into the market than we ever have before. And the team has actually done such a great job that they've given me a large set of examples that we could talk about to effectively really talk about some of these things in a little bit of depth so you can get better sense of where we've gone with these. I'd like to focus my comments on three main areas. So on digital workflow and status for the advisor community on the enhancements we made to the mobile platform and experience and then some client experience enhancements for clients that are  and are approaching retirement. So digging in on the advisor side with the digital workflows, we've got some examples of things we've been doing here. Account opening. So account opening workflow is very different than in the old days what we might have done was take the form that existed in paper, turn it into a PDF, make it writeable and put it out on the website and people could type it in and they could either submit it or print it out and mail it in and it would go through the same old process. The digital process is dramatically different than that. So it's trying to figure out ways to allow the advisors to leverage information they already have in their system, whether it came from Schwab or came from a third party data source that they're using, helping them take that information and get it onto the form quickly and in the right way. Putting some smart edits in there so that we're checking that the information that's going onto the form is actually what needs to be in the fields that they're filling in. We at Schwab, our classic branding of everything have a phrase internally referred to as NIGO work that comes in not in good order and not in good order is a really bad condition for the advisor because that means that that work is going to have to go back to them. They're going to have to do rework. They're going to have to resubmit. It's not good for us because it means that we're not going to be able to put that paperwork straight through in any kind of process that's efficient. We're going to have to pull it out of stream, we're going to have to rework it with them. It's not a good experience for their client who's probably going to be asked to sign a form yet again, why do I have to do this? I thought we already filled this out. So NIGO is a bad condition for everybody and there's efficiencies to be gained all the way across the chain. So the more we can do to drive NIGO out by design, the better off it is for everybody. Moving into things like change address, which sounds really simple but  and it is, but if you don't realize that advisors tend to manage multiple accounts for their clients, you might set up an  or a change address form that only lets them change each account sequentially. We put in a capability where they can make the change once they can link to all the accounts they are managing for that client and make that change on an automated basis for all those related accounts. Move money. It's again the same kind of process. Move money can be complicated. There's lots of ways you can move money across the firm and journals and ACH and wire and making it a simple process for the advisor to be able to bring up a single screen, make that determination, kick off that process and get the right information in a form very quickly and then get it out to their incline in a way that's just as efficient. So, let that client review that transaction and approve that transaction with a couple of either quick touches on a cell phone or with a couple of quick clicks of a mouse if they want to do it on a website. So, better experience for the advisor, better experience for the client and again probably more efficient for us as well to the extent that the work comes in well structured. So in the event where it doesn't come in quite right or where an advisor just wants to ask that question, did you get the form? Are you working on the form? Were there any challenges with the form? So building in an automated status reporting capability that lets the advisor go in and see without having to call in and ask and describe the problem, they can go right in. They can track the work right out of the workflow process to the extent that there's something that needs to get addressed, making it clickable so they can go in right there in that system, address whatever needs to get corrected and send that rework back to get it processed. So it's a significant enhancement again for the advisors to be able to more quickly get in, get the work done and get it processed. It's an enhancement for us to the extent that it takes pressure off of our service calls as well. So, how do we know all of this is working? Over 50% of the advisors are using the status utility and we think we've driven down status related phone calls by about 15% as a result of the launch of that capability, so pretty significant reduction in capacity utilization is a result of that utility alone. More than 20% of advisors are now using the automated account open, so good opportunity there to continue to move that number north. But we are seeing some pretty good adoption for the advisors for that early stages, NIGO so this is one of the key deliverables that we've been able to actually deliver on. So it might be shocking to realize over 30% of the forms for new account open in the advisor space, they came into the firm in the old processes needed some form of rework, 30% over 30%. With the automated workflow, it's now down to about 3%, so 10 fold reduction in the amount of rework that has to happen. On top of that, it now takes an advisor about 10 minutes to get an account open. It takes us about six minutes and that's down from 19. So again, about a two thirds reduction in the amount of processing time it takes us to get through the work when the work comes in a digital form and the work is structured in the right way when it hits the door. So really good results driving some efficiency, creating some additional capacity, allowing us to continue to absorb growth without having to add head count. So what's next? We've done a good job on account open. But in a lot of cases the advisors open multiple accounts with various types of forms of accounts. This was the next step here in the process for us is to add more of those form types so that they can get an entire household opened automatically. The goal here is to continue to drive toward paperless transactions entirely. So, there is some reluctance among the advisor community. They are somewhat set in their ways and certainly some of them around the utilization of paper. But we're going to make this such a compelling way to do work that we think we're going to be able to break down even those, those naysayers who still like their paper and drive more and more paper paperless adoption here over time. Moving onto the mobile platform. So this is another case where we launched a significant number of new features into the mobile application last year. We had more than a 100 launches. So that was, I think even internally, a bit of a surprising number when people realized how frequently the launches were starting to happen in the mobile platform now. In the last year, we really prioritized a few key opportunities. So, ease of navigation, making it easier for clients to find those things that they're trying to do in the mobile application and get to it more quickly. Closing the gaps between what you can do in the website and what you can do in mobile. So to the extent that more people are using mobile as a primary channel, the gaps that exist between, well I can do that on schwab.com, but I can't do it in your mobile app to create some annoyance with the client set that we've been looking to try to drive down and give them more ability to do both in both places. We intentionally tried to focus on identifying the places where we were falling short on allowing clients to completely fulfill client service requests. So, there were a number of places where we had processes that clients were just falling out. So whether we designed them to be too complex or they didn't understand the phrases we were using, trying to constructively work to make it possible for people to get all the way through those service, self service capabilities, which candidly they'd rather do themselves and call into us. They call in as sort of a last resort that kind of work now. And again, I think we had pretty good results. It driving some, some enhanced capabilities there. And then finally client engagement, so we know that the clients that engage with us more frequently tend to be some of our best clients. They use more products and services. They also tend to be some of our most profitable clients, so looking at ways to drive additional engagement with the mobile app. So again Walt referenced that we have over 1.2 million clients now using the mobile app 30% to 40% of those in any given month are mobile only. So they are not going to schwab.com to do anything. They are using the mobile app on their phone as their primary channel of access to the firm at this point. Walt made reference too, we are getting some accolades. I hope this is early days, but we're getting recognized for the work that we've done to enhance the quality of the platform. And on the client's side, we've got 4.8 stars on the app store. So we're pretty happy that people are recognizing the work we're doing is actually making an impact. So where do we go from here? We're looking at rolling out an intelligent assistant or a ChatBot that again allows clients to be able to interact in a more relational way inside of the application. So that should be rolling out this year. We're also excited about bringing some more experiences into the pre-login space that there are things that sit in the app today that don't necessarily have to be behind a protected firewall that would give clients an ability to get to some of that information without having to go through the login process. There is a lot of capabilities that we can offer to people that maybe aren't Schwab clients yet that maybe are thinking about opening a relationship and might want to evaluate an application. I know that's not the typical way people download them and try to log in if they can't log in they throw them away. But if you think about what we do with the prospect homepage on the schwab.com site, there's a lot of information capability there, it lets people test and sample the firm before they ever become a client. And we're hopeful that by engaging in a similar kind of way in the mobile space that we're going to be able to drive some additional growth out of the mobile channel. So moving on into retirement, again I think we've made some really great enhancements. The first one here, investment reporting is probably my favorite. We have heard from clients for years that we were falling short in terms of their ability to understand what's the income I'm driving off of my portfolio? So the ability to see your dividends, your interest, see it broken down by month, be able to click through into the specific bar charts and look at the specific holdings that are driving those results. It's a really robust reporting capability. It's available both in schwab.com and in the mobile site. It gets a little small on mobile platform, but it's there and clients are using it and it really is a nice enhancement to the broad set of capabilities and for people that are in or near retirement and trying to make that transition to living off their assets it's important capability to an accurate assessment of how much income your pool is producing. For the folks that are actually in the place where they now are taking withdrawals out of their retirement accounts. One of the most confusing thing for our clients is the required minimum distribution out of their IRA accounts. It's driven by tax rules. It's complicated and trying to help our clients understand how do I do this in a way that allows me to be compliant with those tax racks and make sure that I'm taking out what I need to take and taking it out in the form I want to take it out. We have built some enhanced capabilities and workflows there for clients. We've seen very good adoption and we have very good scores on the client easy measurements related to the changes that we've made to that retirement capability. And then finally, Schwab Intelligent Income Walt spent some time in his comments talking about Schwab Intelligent Income. But what's really exciting about Schwab Intelligent Income is it's what I think of as another step into the solution based orientation. So as we start to move more and more away from specific products and more to solving the problems that the clients came here to ask us to solve. So, when you think about what we did with Schwab Intelligent portfolios, we gave them a professionally managed portfolio of individual ETFs that is automatically rebalanced, automatically tax harvested. And now we're overlaying a capability for folks that have those types of portfolios in a retirement account to automate the withdrawal process, to replicate that paycheck that they're no longer getting if they're in retirement, but do it in a way that is tax intelligent. And also sensitive to the concerns they have around, I don't want to outlive my money. So how do I do this in a way that makes me smarter about utilizing that cash that I spent all those years building up now that I want to try to live-off of it. How do I do it? So trying to bring technology to solve the problem of the clients that I think is going to more and more become the approach to trying to get deeper and stickier relationships with the client. So we started a lot of this digital work trying to just manage the growth of the firm and trying to continue to allow us to bend that cost curve down over time, try to drive more automation in so that we weren't just adding people commensurate with the growth in the number of accounts or number of positions to continue to drive more efficiency into the processing environment as well as serve clients in a better way. A lot of what we've been working on when you think about trying to bring it to bear, either directly in the integration process or post-integration into a larger set of clients, we'll deliver even higher value than we anticipated as we were starting to build some of these capabilities out. We will look through the integration to take advantage of those scale opportunities to leverage the best of both platforms. With that primary platform choice made at Schwab, we're looking to make sure that we're not doing anything that doesn't continue to serve clients really well and unlock those long-term shareholders synergies that we've committed to all of you in the investment community that we're going to hit. So with that, I'd like to open it to questions and see which ones I left unanswered. So I think Brian got his hand up first.
Brian Bedell: Hey, Joe. Thanks Brian Bedell, Deutsche Bank. Maybe just on the integration, thinking about the integration track record, Ameritrade obviously this has been a core competency of their business model for a very long time. You guys have been much more organically focused over a very long period of time. So what gives you the degree of confidence that  obviously a lot is moving over to the Schwab platform, confidence that that will work smoothly. And then talk about maybe the integration teams that you're bringing on from Ameritrade, how you plan to leverage their skills in this and how long are those integration teams staying on throughout the integration?
Joe Martinetto: Yes, so again, I don't think any of us came into this anticipating a tripling of volume on our existing platforms neither us nor they, so there's work that's going to have to get done to stress test those platforms to assess their capacity limitations to build up in places where we may not today be able to immediately double the number of accounts and transactions and make sure that we've got appropriate head room for those days where our clients get really active or for those windows of time where we're successful in the market and bring on new accounts. So there is work going on internally already to try to make sure that we've got a complete look through the technology stack to build the confidence that we can actually bring those accounts onto our platform and absorb that kind of growth with the appropriate degree of head room. With respect to the team, for now I'd say that there's kind of parallel efforts going on. So everything that's happening in Schwab is largely happening in the TD Ameritrade side. They've got ahead of their integration management office, who is somebody who has been involved in their transactions in the past. A lot of the team members that they're bringing in for the work streams are people that have been involved in those transactions in the past. So, for now I'd say they are leveraging their capabilities as best they can. We would expect over time to be able to build bonds across those teams and try to leverage some of the best of their thinking as well as ours. As we get through the DOJ review, it will be easier to share additional information and start to more closely work directly with them and clearly post-close those teams will continue on into the future and both be working for the success of the consolidated entity. So we would very much look to take advantage of the knowledge base they have built up around how to manage these kinds of transactions. Even developing a set of guiding principles I think is a best practice that we may have stolen from them that  what we're actively communicating and trying to make sure that we're getting the best of their knowledge as well as the best of ours as we work our way through this.
Mike Cyprys: Hi. Mike Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. I just have two questions maybe just first on the deal. So it sounds like you've decided to go with the Schwab platform, but also it sounds like you're open to perhaps using some of Ameritrade's systems or platforms in some cases. I was just hoping you could elaborate a little bit more on that in terms of how you think about it and what sort of approach would you take and how you'd go about doing that?
Joe Martinetto: Yes, so it's  I'd like to stay at the capability level and away from the specific platform level because it's way too early to make a commitment to say, we are going to port that platform over. What I think we're focused on now is to the extent that there are specific capabilities that are really important to clients, we're going to try to identify those first and then make sure that we have integration plans in place that allow us to deliver those capabilities. So if that means keeping a thinkorswim platform alive, because that's the most efficient way to deliver those capabilities, that's a choice we might make. If that means taking some of those capabilities that don't exist in a Schwab platform today and embedding them in a Schwab platform, that's a choice we may make. And those are decisions that have to be made over time as we get deeper into understanding each other's capabilities. So it's too soon to comment on specific platforms, but clearly with the retention goals we have and our focus on client experience, there's no way we're going to abandon significant capabilities.
Mike Cyprys: Great. Just the second question was just around kind of going back to your digital initiatives, I was just hoping you could talk a little bit about the technology and the product teams, how you have organized them, how you set that up and how that has evolved over time. So for example, do you have specific teams and people focus on certain aspects of the workflows and client journeys for example, how you are sort of thinking about that and how that's evolving?
Joe Martinetto: Yes, so we stood up in enterprise internally called digital services and pulled all those client facing technology channels together into that organization, so schwab.com and sac.com, mobile, the ChatBot, all of that is now sitting inside of a single enterprise. We have organized that by client-facing segment, largely with some utility capabilities. So a portion of the reason we're able to go faster is we're thinking in more of a utility or service oriented architecture where something like an account open capability is best built once and leveraged in multiple dimensions across multiple platforms as opposed to building a unique client or account open capability for every specific silo. So we've largely organized that way on the digital services organization. We've enhanced their capabilities and skill sets either through recruiting or training around product management. So in a more agile development world, having strong product managers who understand both the client needs as well as the technology platforms is critically important. So they are that bridging organization and product management. And then we've also built up a pretty significant team around user experience and client experience. So a lot of that had been outsourced on a project by project basis in the past. And we found by bringing it in-house, it has allowed us to build some expertise that we're able to again, leverage more universally across the broader set of platforms. In the technology world, then we have been a large scale adopter of agile, so we've got a very large footprint of teams that are structured in agile development capabilities. We are still working on I'd say transforming our understanding and knowledge around making the transition from what was more of a classic product development shop into something that operates more like a platform management shop. And so making sure that we've got clear lines of sight into exactly what each of those teams are doing and which platforms they are decked against. We're I think, still somewhat inflight, but that's the direction that we're going. So it's a much more platform oriented approach to development and product management as opposed to, which was a much more sort of project oriented approach that we took in the past. But along with that comes some real advantages around being able to think longer term about how do you deploy some of these platforms. In the past, I would say that we often built what got funded. So if an organization had money, they could get something built. Today there's a much stronger front door process to say, where does that capability sit on the roadmap? And we're going to build the things that are most strategically and competitively important first. Just having money isn't enough to get you to the top of the list anymore.
Rich Repetto: Hey, Joe, Rich Repetto. So you started off Joe talking about the long-term scale, contributing to long-term strategic value, not just pure scale but into strategy. And I think it follows on to a lot of things that Walt was saying in return in sort of some of the benefits to clients. So you've been very transparent in the past about messaging, pricing more aggressive pricing. And I guess could you give us examples of what you're talking about here? So we get that message clear and I got one quick follow-up.
Joe Martinetto: Sure. So I'd say, I mean there are multiple examples over the years where I'd say that's exactly the strategy we've followed where we look to build additional scale benefits and we don't drop it all to the bottom line. We are making that trade-off around what do we invest in, how do we invest it, whether it's in new technology platforms or movements in prices or new products and capabilities, but really trying to identify those things that are important that we think are going to drive long-term growth, freeing up enough capacity to make those investments to continue to keep that virtuous cycle moving as opposed to trying to cut ourselves to greatness by reducing expenses, dropping it all to the bottom-line, but under investing for the long-term benefit of our shareholders.
Rich Repetto: Okay. And then my follow-up would be, you talked about the default platform being  and I respect and that certainly when we've watched Ameritrade integrate with Scottrade, that was one of the things that allowed them to, not that it didn't have a hiccups, but allowed them to move quickly, is that they didn't have this debate about which was the resulting
Joe Martinetto: Core platform.
Rich Repetto: Yes core platform, I guess my question is a little bit about what you asked before is like how much of that disintegration, even at this point when you're coming up with ideas like that, this is a guiding principle, that Schwab's platform is the survivor or in the general sense, like how much input are you getting even right now from general guidelines like that from the other side that's had a lot of experience at it.
Joe Martinetto: So I'd say we've shared them with the other side. But that there are there some places and that one in particular where I'd say we probably took a heavier hand in saying this is the direction we want people to go. Without getting too deep into this both firms have been making modernization efforts over the past several years and we find that there are parts of our stack where we're ahead and parts of their stack where they're ahead. So there's not a clear superior platform, but there are elements of both that are probably better or superior to the other. The places that probably wouldn't be a surprise because of the focus of the Ameritrade firm. They are probably further along in some of the modernization work around a lot of the trading capabilities. We are further along in some of the wealth management capabilities and some of the relationship management capabilities. So, how do you pull these pieces together, becomes, the question of the day beyond some of the client facing capabilities there are absolutely some components of what sits in their technologies today that we would want to evaluate very closely to make sure that there, if there are opportunities there for us to get significant advantage that we will look to deploy them. So I'd say even though we have said core books and records, core processing platform is Schwab we are just starting conversations now around those, those deeper components. And if we can enhance the quality of the platform and still hit the timelines and the targets we are very open to picking the best of the stack on both sides. But again, it's got to be, it's got to have enough advantage that it's worth any potential constraint on the timeline.
Mike Carrier: Mike Carrier, BofA. Just maybe on the, the digitization. So when I think about you, your business, a lot of financial companies, there's a lot of opportunity there. So, maybe a few questions on that and you can give ballparks if you have them, but just trying to figure out like how many of the areas that you've targeted, you are already like live, you mean in terms of having those efficiency plans in place what's usually the path to get like kind of uptake once you do that, so you start seeing those benefits. And then in terms of forward-looking any new opportunities, how does that get to you? I mean from like the force, in terms of new areas for potential efficiencies.
Joe Martinetto: Sure. So yes, we have a very active client set and I think I would say that were even sometimes surprised that we will turn on a capability and find people who are using it before we've even made any kind of announcement. So status was one of those, we turned it on and we sort of soft launched it. And the next thing we knew we had a lot of people in the status engine already starting to use it. So that gave us confidence that we should continue to develop it and continue to enhance it. And it's different with different capabilities. There are some things where it takes a bigger push in some kind of awareness raising. There's other things, where the changes are more incremental and to the extent that you can sort of put them in the process that the clients are already using and in essence, maybe nudge them toward an answer that's easier. We can find that we can drive adoption pretty quickly without having to do a lot to really sort of raise broader-based awareness. So it really depends on the specific capability and where it sits in the transaction flow that the clients are using, how big of a push we'll make around awareness and whether we think they're going to find it on their own and start to deploy it. And I think ideas come to us from a lot of sources, but the number one source of the things that we work on come to us from clients. So, we're in a constant feedback process where we're listening to what the clients are asking for and trying to find ways to prioritize those requests. Sometimes they may not even know they're asking for them. So like some of the work we did on the mobile platform around trying to make it easier to fulfill your service experience completely in that channel. We noticed that there was a pretty high fallout rate that was driving call volume that clients didn't really want to have to make that call, but they did it because they couldn't do it in the channel. So, some of it is identifying through their actions where there are things that we are maybe not doing as well as we could or hearing directly from them, Ji, we wish you had this capability. Those things will get a high priority in the prioritization process.
Will Nance: Will Nance, Goldman Sachs. Joe a year ago we heard you talk a lot about the data center initiatives that you guys have to move a lot of your applications to the data center. My impression from that discussion was you had your hands pretty full at the time and I think it's a fair statement that you have more on your plate today. Could you just talk about the level of resources, staffing that you have in your team and how do you think about keeping some of those, I think you were talking in terms of two to three and five to six year timelines from some of your existing technology initiatives. How do you make sure that we get to the end of the Ameritrade integration without in a more tech debt than we had at the start of the process.
Joe Martinetto: Sure. So some of the things that are going to continue to move on regardless the data center is up. It has its core technology stack in it. We're starting application migration. So I mean some of these things, a year later or in some cases, two or three years later have moved pretty far beyond. It would be naive to say that there will not be some interruptions in some of the modernization processes as we work our way through integration. But there may be things that we do in integration to prioritize some of the modernization work. So to the extent we identify things that are capacity constraints that, we're going to want to enhance that work may come forward, other things may slip back. I don't think we're going to be able to bring enough resources to do all of it, but how do you prioritize what needs to pull forward and how do you get maybe twice the benefit out of some of the work is part of what we're trying to identify now. Clearly we've set aside a fairly large bucket of money to work through integration. So to the extent that resources are necessary, we're going to be able to secure those and pay for those inside of that number. The challenge really starts to become subject matter expertise. So where do you start to hit limits around who knows how to address that specific problem and there may be some resourcing constraints that will get pulled into integration and then ultimately move back to some of modernization. But I'd say that at this point, given what we know about how far along we are, we expect to continue to make progress, although it may be slightly diverted in places based on some of the pieces that need to get accelerated for the integration efforts.
Brennan Hawken: Yes, Brennan Hawken, UBS. Two questions. Number one, the new account opening process, the electronic process, now elimination of paper, it looks like a nice step forward, really cool. But when you guys talk about the fact that you're not going to need to repaper the RIA business, do you mean literal paper or do you mean that  that this process will be automated therefore the customer doesn't have to take action because I think..
Joe Martinetto: Let me, let me step back and so if you are an advisor who is leaving a wirehouse and going independent, it is a very cumbersome process. Right? So any you talk to any advisor who has gone through that and Bernie, if I get ahead of myself, please whack me for what I'm saying. But literally for those advisors, it's often a very paper based process where applications are printed. It can be pallets of applications that are mailed out, collected back, processed. It's a time intensive process for the advisor and for us. And I think a lot of them have that in their mindset as they're thinking about going through an integration. The integration should not be anything like that process. So this is two broker dealers under the control of one company. We expect to be able to get approval to do this on a negative consent basis. So, we should literally be able on the day we're ready to convert, move those accounts from one platform to another and they should be up and they should be working and it shouldn't require additional applications. So it shouldn't, not only is it not paper-based, it should not have to go through an automated application process for the vast majority of accounts. I can't say that that it's 100%, but for the vast majority of counts, both on the retail side as well as on the advisor side, we expect to be able to bring the accounts over in an automated fashion.
Brennan Hawken: Okay, great. Thank you. And then my second question was around the integration process. There is a perception amongst investors and it's probably a fair one that Ameritrade's got a lot of experience in integrating deals that Schwab has less experience in some of the prior deals maybe haven't  the integration hasn't gone as well, which has led to some issues. And so how can you assure that the adoption of the processes, the input of the ideas is as pure, right? Like based around just the purity idea versus sometimes people get parochial or territorial and they want their process to be what governs, they want their system being to be what governs. How can you ensure that's as agnostic as it should be in order to get the best outcome?
Joe Martinetto: I don't know that I'm going to be able to give you an assurance that you're going to completely buy, but this is so far a pretty open process. So we're working closely with our peers at the TD Ameritrade organization. They're a great company with very proud organization. They want to have this go smoothly for their clients just like we are a proud organization and we want to have this go smoothly. So everybody incentives are focused on making sure that this integration goes as smoothly as possible for the clients. So yes, hey, where there are people, there are always going to be politics. I think, yes, part of the reason that I'm standing up here talking about integration, my job is to try to ensure that the process works as effectively as possible across all of those work tracks across both of the organizations to get us to a place where the integration is successful for the benefit of our clients, for the benefit of our shareholders. And so we are putting a lot of time into making sure that we've got the right processes in place, we're using the right advisors, we're picking the right models, communication processes are getting built early. I think we're doing everything right at this phase to ensure success. We'll continue to provide you with updates as we have meetings like this on, evolution on timelines and dollars and every anything else. It will be up to you to ultimately judge. But it's got our attention and when I say that it's everybody in the executive leadership team. I mean, you look across the tracks and the track leads and our executives are actively involved in making sure this transaction is going to be successful. And maybe in a way that hasn't happened here before. You got on Jeff on the web or nothing. Okay. Brian?
Brian Bedell: Just maybe back to the attrition. It sounds like obviously with more of the migration over to the Schwab platform, the attrition risk is really higher. It seems it would be higher in the Ameritrade customer base. However and we could see in their metrics in December that the customer attrition has started. Again, they're saying obviously that's normal for the course of their integration experience. But pre-close how are you thinking about managing that attrition if it's coming from the Ameritrade size and the client base is smaller when you actually close it. And then philosophically for customer service, as you go through the integration process where, how are you thinking about enhancing or keeping the customer service levels very high so that you can manage that attrition at the combined firm. And then it's probably too early to talk about the, when you are actually converting these over. But if there's any sense of a timeline on the actual conversions of the systems, if that's in year three or potentially earlier.
Joe Martinetto: Yes, it's too soon. We're going to need a little time to build those plans. So at this point we're still in the, we are active competitors in the marketplace, so there is not a lot of conversation going on around what they're doing to preserve their client base versus what we're doing in the market until we get approval from the DOJ, we are preserving competition in the marketplace. So that's, it's a little too soon for us to say that we are working together to try to manage that risk. They're taking actions on their side as they see fit. We're taking actions on our side to manage our firm. And, that's probably about as much as I'm able to, as I'm looking at my lawyer. That's probably about all I can say on that topic. So beyond that, things like service, they have a very strong culture of service just like we have a very strong culture of service. Ultimately, we're going to have to make decisions around how do those organizations come together to be able to support the consolidated client base. But again, this isn't really rocket science. I mean there's, there are lot of models that you can deploy around what, how do you build staffing to be able to provide the appropriate degree of service? I think we're both pretty well developed at this and offer really high levels of client service. There's no reason I could think of that, anything in the integration would degrade the service experience to the client set. I got time for one more. If not, I can say let's go to break and we'll see you back in what, 15  15 minutes. Thank you all. [Break]
Jonathan Craig: Welcome back. Welcome back, everyone. Grab the last coffee. Really it's a great opportunity to talk to you about the retail business. I really do appreciate it. I've been at Schwab almost 20 years. In fact I think my 20 year anniversary is Friday. So Bernie, if you're working on a card for me, I will appreciate it. But I've been in and around retail the entire time and I can't think of a more exciting time for the retail business as well as for Schwab in general. We made a series of moves in 2019 to position us for 2020 and beyond that were really truly remarkable. You've heard a lot about USAA and TDA and I'll talk more about those and obviously answer questions as they come up. But I think it's also really important to talk about some of the bold marketplace moves that we took in 2019 to just strengthen the core retail franchise. I've spent a few seconds on those. I'm just, these are just a few highlights, you know this well, but we became the first major firm to remove commissions across the board, really changing the industry forever. We also were the first major firm in 2019 to launch subscription based pricing, fundamentally changing how planning is both paid for and delivered. And we've seen some really, really strong success in terms of flows into Schwab intelligent portfolios premium as a result of that move. We substantially enhanced our lending offering. Walt talked about this a little bit, but in the summer of 2019 in partnership with our folks at the bank, we did a couple things. We significantly reduced our rack rate pricing for our clients, but we also significantly, and maybe more importantly enhanced our relationship pricing. So we used to have a relationship pricing model where if you had a quarter of a million at Schwab, you got a 25 basis point discount. We added a $1 million plus tier and a $5 million tier where the discounts were 50 basis points and 75 basis points. So when you combine a lower overall interest rate market with Schwab's commitment to pricing very aggressively with these relationship pricing benefits on top of it, you can imagine a very, very strong lending offer for our clients. And we did see good volume associated with that. You've heard a little bit about this one already a couple of times, but in December we announced and in January we launched Schwab intelligent income, really a breakthrough way to generate a paycheck for our clients across taxable non-taxable and Roth accounts in a tax smart way without the high costs and handcuffs that are often associated with other solutions that are aimed at generating income for clients and are already seeing strong momentum there. And of course we maintained our commitment to our live and local relationship model by adding more franchises across the network, by adding more financial consultants, certainly in a measured way and also enhancing other relationship models within retail. So all of these efforts were really aimed at continuing to strengthen the core retail franchise to continue to drive the organic growth you've seen. And to do it in the face of pretty significant competition as Walt called out. And the actions appear to be working. The retail franchise is strong as evidence. I'll start on the left with some of the client fundamentals, multi-year NNA growth, compounded annual NNA growth of 18%. I think that's a really strong metrics there, new-to-retail households up 18% as well so very strong metrics there and I'll talk more about those. The question came up earlier about what percent came from the B2B channels. It is actually in the 20% range on average, I'll say it's a little bit lumpy month over month. And also keep in mind when we say 20% comes from those channels, what that means is those are Stock Plan Services clients or Compliance Solutions clients who open a retail account day one or they are 401(k) participants who roll over to a retail account or establish a second account with us. It does not include our 401(k) participants. If you added the 401(k) participants in there, that percentage goes up, up to almost a third. And of course, client promoter score is a really, really important metric for us. And our client promoter scores are at all time highs in retail up 15 percentage points over that same timeframe. So I think every year I talk a little bit about the new to retail. I do a little bit of a deep dive on the new-to-retail because it's such an important part of our metrics. We talk about NNA, we talk about accounts that all matters, but we also need more and more clients experiencing the Schwab franchise. And that is what new-to-retail reflects. Not only the numbers going up but the attractiveness of the people we are acquiring is going up, 55% are less than 40. So we're often asked, are we winning with the younger generation? I think this data certainly proves that out. They're increasingly affluent and maybe most important. They're also increasingly interested in our advisory offerings. So they're interested in advice at 1.3 times the average Schwab client. So again, a overall, a very attractive profile of new to retail households. And then finally, I'll just say, it's 2020 I have kids. Everybody gets a trophy. I'm sure every competitor has a trophy shelf. We have ours, ours is cluttered. But, in all seriousness, I think it's probably fair to say that JD Power is one of the premier raters in the marketplace. And they rate us number one in really the three core businesses we're in, brokerage, direct bank and large plan 401(k). So I feel really good about the recognition that we've received in 2019 and certainly expect to continue receive in 2020 and beyond. I guess probably what's most exciting though is not just the progress we've made, but the opportunity that's in front of us. If you look at the retail business and combined with Bernie's business, the investor services and advisor services business, we're at about $4 trillion in assets and we believe with that $4 trillion, we've just scratched the surface of the opportunity. You can see the graphic, it's pretty clear, but we are still a small player. It's hard to say a small player with $4 trillion, but a small player in a very large pool of opportunity, maybe more, even more exciting than the opportunity in front of us. But we also believe that there are some secular trends that are very much in Schwab's favor, in the retail businesses favor in particular. But when we look to the future, but certainly advisor services as well, when we look to the future, I see four things. Clients are going to continue to demand lower and lower cost. Clients are going to continue to demand transparent business models. They're going to continue to demand omni-channel service, being able to be served in their channel of choice. And certainly scale is going to continue to matter probably more and more. These are all areas where I think Schwab not only has it is not only leading, but has the potential to continue to lead in very meaningful ways. Certainly on low costs. We have a 50 year history of driving costs down for investors. That's a perpetual priority. That's not going to change. Obviously we've taken a lot of the costs out of the system for investors, but to the extent there are other opportunities that make sense for clients and make sense for us. We will pursue them. We are committed to a transparent and accountable business model. Just one example being the only firm still with a satisfaction guarantee, which you hear us talking a lot about because frankly it works, but also because it's an indication of how we want to go to market. We want to be held accountable to our clients. We want our clients to hold us accountable. Omni-channel Schwab has always believed in the best of people and technology. It's not one or the other and all the investments we are making are aimed at allowing the client to serve in their channel of choice, whether it's technology, whether it's people, and again, we get asked this a lot. Rarely is it all one or all the other. It's often very, it's different by client based on what they're trying to do. And then of course scale. We talk a lot about scale. We operate with a highly efficient cost structure with the addition of USAA and TDA as well as the other investments we're making in scale we obviously intend to add to that scale advantage. So overall, I would say the retail business is strong. We have some secular trends that are in our favor. Absolutely. And at the same time, a significant opportunity in front of us to go after that opportunity we are going to pursue both inorganic and organic levers. On the inorganic side, you know these numbers well, but starting with the USAA, really excited about bringing over a million brokerage accounts and over 90 billion in client assets, but, but maybe even more exciting. And we talk about this a lot internally, is the potential and the power of being the exclusive wealth management referral partner for USAA. Now they have 13 million members. They had hundreds of thousands of members every year and they are looking for a partner to serve those wealth management needs. So we call this a referral relationship, but I would say we need a better word because it feels much bigger than that. It's about an opportunity to work with a brand that shares our values to help members, people who have served this country get great financial outcomes. And we are going to go after that aggressively in partnership with USAA. And of course TD Ameritrade, 12 million accounts in $1.3 trillion in client assets and as Joe mentioned, the potential to bring over some capabilities and some technologies that can make a real difference for our clients. So those are the organic, which I think, you know pretty well. I'll touch on a few of  those are the inorganic, which I think, you know, I'll touch on a few of the organic levers that sort of rise to the top for me. And this list could be much longer. But before I want to touch on the first is client segmentation. There's so much paradoxically one of the best ways to grow assets in this business is to keep your clients and to keep your most valuable clients. And what I mean by that is with dividends and interest and a little bit of share of wallet consolidation, you can drive some meaningful growth by keeping your clients and keeping your most valuable clients happy. So you'll see us launching new products and service models aimed at keeping that affluent client satisfied and loyal to Schwab. We talked already a little bit about the B2B, B2C relationships. Here I'm talking about the 401(k) business, the stock plan services business, the compliance solutions business. These have always been priorities, but we're putting a renewed emphasis on them by really doing two things. Number one, we've rolled all these organizations under one EVP Catherine Golladay and putting that sort of the efficiencies and scale that you get with that. But we're also just putting a renewed emphasis on helping these participants beyond the 401(k) beyond the stock plan experience to their broader financial wellness needs. And we see tremendous opportunity out there to do that. Another lever will always be, I think for Schwab leveraging our distribution prowess and the marketing machine. On the distribution side, we'll continue to add franchises in 2020 and beyond. The franchise model is working. We will also, Walt discussed this, but we're going to stop these competitive cash offers as I think Walt answered it really well. We don't like matching every time. We don't match a 100% of the time. We use our judgment, we rely on our FCs, we look at the client situation, but in general we are committed to not letting competitors go out there and buy away our client assets with cash. And then of course we'll continue to leverage the insight driven results oriented marketing. The trial has been, I think, known for a long time that has been a key driver of this firm's growth over its 50 year history and certainly will continue to be. And then the last organic lever that is probably the most significant is that the way you grow organically, very simply in 2020, is you deliver great service every time, all the time. If you do that, if you respect your client's time, if you deliver frictionless services where you can they will be loyal, they will stay, they will consolidate and they will refer their friends. If you don't, the alternative will happen. So delivering great service remains a key and critical priority for us. A lot of what I've talked about around growth is around assets and accounts. Another area of growth that were focused very much on is revenue and margin growth. And we believe within retail we can deliver significant revenue and margin growth by building new products and solutions for our clients. And we have always believed the Schwab. And we will always believe the clients deserve choice and they will always have choice. But we also have another equity at Charles Schwab that we need to leverage and that is that Schwab clients have shown a willingness to buy Schwab product in very meaningful ways. Consider the fact that the left Schwab Intelligent Portfolios, all of our digital advisory in fact is now like $47 billion in AUM. We went from nothing to being the largest pure play robo within 10 months of launch and today we maintain that leadership position. Our Schwab ETFs now at $164 billion, 10 years after launch, we are now number three and flow is at number five in total assets in the ETF space. And just one more example, Thomas Partners, since the acquisition in 2013 are now up almost 11x in growth. So I just highlight these three to say the message  I think the message is clear if we design product well, if we build it well and if we price it well, Schwab clients will adopt Schwab product in meaningful numbers. The core feel of the dream is if we build it and if we built it well, they will come. And so we intend to leverage that equity, youve heard a little bit about that, but well leverage it for building new proprietary product where we can deliver great value to clients and positive economics to Schwab. The areas that are listed on this page that come to mind, lending, weve talked about that, more discretionary solutions for some of our affluent clients, as well as additional lending capabilities. Before I close and bring up Bernie I want to spend one more minute on what were calling enterprise service transformation. I was up here last year, I think, talking about this at length. Its a multiyear effort to really drive what I call my three favorite words, service, simplicity and scale through the franchise. What I mean by that is how do we deliver great service to clients every time, all the time? You do that by being easy to do business with, respecting their time, drive using  being simple where you can and when you do that you drive scale. So this is a meaningful, multi-decade  multi-year effort and we made meaningful progress in 2019 investing in a few areas, significant digital enhancements really designed to limit the number of times clients have to call us, not because we dont want them to call, we love clients call us, but I shared a stat last year we get roughly 10 million calls a year, about 55% of the time when the client called us they tried to self-serve online and we werent able to do it. Were not doing clients any favors when that happens. So weve invested significantly in digital to lower that call volume and deliver better client experience. We made significant investments in our IVR, when they do call we launched virtual call back which is a great solution for clients. We strengthened our client authentication procedures and we also launched a cloud-based service desktop that is a meaningful improvement for our reps, which will ultimately translate to a meaningful improvement for our client experience. So these are just a few examples  just over on the right, I would say the headline stories they appear to be working. It is a multiyear effort, but weve already seen some positive results with call volume down 8%, service levels up 15%, cost per household, critically important, down 6% and critically important from client standpoint we estimate we saved our clients well over 4,000 hours. Again, thats another example of respecting their time, doing whats right for clients, that then coming back to us in consolidation and in referral. So I will just close with a couple of quick summary thoughts. I think the retail business is very, very well positioned. At the same time we face very significant competitors as you would expect, but also have a huge opportunity in front of us. We are a small share with major opportunity in front of us. Were going to go after that opportunity by leveraging both inorganic and organic growth levers. And at the same time, probably the new areas of focus that youll hear are around things like segmentation, monetization, and a perpetual and sort of enduring commitment to delivering great service to our clients every time, all the time. So with that, Im going to bring up Bernie.
Bernie Clark: Jonathan always does that he switches out my mic, so I cant say as much as he says. And then we get started here. I really appreciate as always the opportunity to be in front of all of you and the thoughtful consideration you give to our different businesses, its fabulous conversations as well as talking to you from stage. In fact, the questions today are awesome. And one of the things I want to highlight and Walt give me a great lead in for this, I think is the fact that we get to answer these questions here. And too often what I do is I read things out in the marketplace and I read things that I don't necessarily think people have taken the time to ask the appropriate questions to really understand what's going on and what we're trying to do in this business. And so I just wanted to start with a little definitional on some of the things I've been reading. And I don't think people have taken the careful attention to understanding who we are and what we stand for. To start with, we love small clients and I hesitate to even use the word small because these are clients that they're all in. This is their business. This is what's so important to them. And the under $100 million client is a sweet spot. It's how we built our business in effect from the beginning. And we'd like all sizes of clients and because it is such an important part to help someone run their business and the responsibility we feel for that, we have to have great service. There's just no question but having great service for that group of clients. Often we talk about technologies and where we want to go with technologies, I will tell you that post-integration, we will be using the best technologies available for advisors, which will include extensive use of APIs. We have a lot of APIs, obviously the proposed merge with TD. TD has a lot of APIs and bringing those to bear on behalf of the clients because they know that theyre most important to them. And lastly, just a point of clarity, we have no intention  we have no intention of raising fees and small advisors  and advisors at large in effect. And more importantly, we don't want to change the economic relationship we have with them by instituting some other kind of different fee unless of course as always, for some reason their voice tells us, they'd like to do something differently. So these are the kinds of questions that I think we have to be asking ourselves as we think about integrations. Lots of it is, Joe has done a great job at, was around the technicals. There's no question about how we're going to be able to do those things, but it's also about the intention, intention of what we want to be doing in all of this. So I wanted to start there, just to create some clarity if I could in the marketplace around some of those things that I think require more attention. Today, in presentation, I'm going to spend a little more time on the space than I normally do. I think its important because it's so evolving and so opportunistic, I think in how the growth is starting to happen. I of course have to tell you about the success we've had in 2019 and we have had success. I want to make sure that's well understood in what we're doing. And then a nice conversation I had during the break, the 2020 vision. We have a lot to do on the offensive. I think the conversation will be somewhat dominated in the early days around integration. But there's a lot of good stuff going on and a lot of opportunity within the space and a lot of others wanting to come into this space. So let's look at what's happened over the last decade, we've seen a tripling of assets. We've seen extensive growth within advisors. And I would highlight to all of you that one of the important things we have to get our head around is the fact that independent advisors simply provide wealth management in a slightly different way than what may be some of the other models are doing. They're open architecture, they're fee-based, they're open architecture of technology and product and that's how they provide wealth management. And we've defined that in the purpose field sense is almost a $5 trillion space and we've talked about  a lot about that together as we've come together in these sessions. The reality is they're looking out at a market that's almost $20 trillion big. In fact, it was a 2018 number, so I'd argue that $20 trillion is probably much, much higher after the success of 2018 and 2019 as we start to think about where the market has been going and that's the market really that advisors and models are trying to penetrate. There's $7 trillion in the wirehouses still, there's $4 trillion  almost $4 trillion in the IBDs. These are opportunistic areas in growth and really what we want to look at is sort of this broader wide reaching market on going forward. The opportunity in the market has been so pervasive that we're starting to see more and more venture capital come into the space. We've often talked about the different kinds of platforms we have. If you think about the top one, which is really the floor rent, if you will, platform, this is a group of individual firms that like to try and bring advisors in. You can think about it as Raymond James either on their capital for their independent side. You can think about it as LPL. You can think about it as almost any wirehouse or bank that is actually formed these, they're all custodians within this space and they tend to focus and trying to bring teams in and assets in and hold them captive within their own models. The financial acquirers, these are groups that have been going out and systemically buying firms, looking for opportunities for all ups, I mean the names are quire clear as you stick to think about and I think you know most of these names. But I think back of whats happened and even as we think into the strategic acquirers, whats happened over the past couple of years and seeing the opportunity in the space as private equity has come in, as other capital has come into the space, we've also seen some monetization activities. United Capital does the largest deal. Goldman has done since the financial crisis at $750 million in acquiring United Capital, which had previously been a collection, if you will, of financial acquirers, a collection of firms that had been independent, now actually part of the Goldman Wealth Management System, kind of interesting how that goes. We've seen Envestnet come in with a minority interest into Dynasty. We've seen Focus Financial, the largest in the class at $124 billion. We've seen Focus Financial go to the IPO market and create a public offering and there are more joining this group on a continuing basis because, again, they see it as opportunistic. They also see that there is a crisis of succession. We've often talked about that aspect of it. Firms by and large want to continue well into the future. And in doing so, they need more capability, more services, and they need to have a future chain of individuals, who can run those firms, principals as well as quite honestly support systems. More of these models are starting to form in a way that don't just allow the firm to be independent, but they actually bring them into a model that one could almost liken to a rent me model where they build all the back office capabilities into a single session. That's helping this space grow again, in what really as a 20 trillion plus opportunity on a going forward basis. Some of the firms have elected to actually start to push more of their capital deeper into their acquisitions. And this is an interesting place because it's really almost the sub-acquisition category where they're providing the capital so that teams that they've brought in can go out and acquire teams and fold them into their business models. Because remember, the choice here isn't simply to put their name on the door, it could simply be to come out and provide a different type of service to a wealth management client and do it through a firm that exists already. Colony Group has done an unbelievable job with this working with Focus Financial. Focus Financial has brought in 26 sub-deals that come into this. And what I hope to kind of impress upon you is not so much the magnitude of the deals themselves or the numbers that exist today, but the fact that we're in an evolving model, changing all the time, critically important to make sure that you're staying on the curve of what's evolving. And while I talk about that  while I talk about that 7 trillion opportunity in the wirehouses, all of the existing models are evolving as well, most of which have already created RIA arms within their model or an E offering of some sort that that makes sense for them to continue to make sure that they're playing in the space. And so, I think the evolution in this space has to begin to address it at that macro level, which is why I said I wanted to talk a little bit more about the industry here as opposed to simply the slice that we continue  consider to be the sort of the purpose built slice that. I've talked so much to you about over the past several years, important to note and important to keep an eye on. Firms themselves, they have begun to add more and more services to their clients. And that has been a key to their success. They deepen the relationship. They accumulate more assets. The model itself serves them well in doing so and in many cases because they are independent of sort, they're able to do those things under the umbrella of their firm's name. If not, they go out and they find third-party providers that can help them to do that. But you can see that the penetration here of what they're doing and coupled with the fact that almost 86% of the time just follow along the chart, they're doing these things without adding to the expense space for the end client, lowering the cost for the end client. Insurance products may be being the exception and that's understandable. But by and large, bringing those capabilities to the client and maintaining the same fee, which you can see here, they've not changed their fee structure. And in an industry where most of the day we've talked about price compression, they've not seen price compression, but they have seen margin compression because they're doing more for the same amount of money. And so scale and the kinds of conversations we've been having and the importance really of bringing together more scale capability for these firms and making their back offices easier to do business with is going to be incredibly important. Serving more assets with the same amount of cost dollars is going to be part of their success component, which synergistically puts them right in line with us. I would argue synergistically it puts it right in line with the idea of having larger organizations serving these clients. And of course safety and security remains an important aspect of that as well. I look about what we've done because I promised I would talk about the success of this year once again in excess of $100 billion in assets. That's significant. We saw this climb over the past several years in what we've been doing. It certainly is fueled by organic growth. And also if you look on the right hand side, you can see the consistency of teams coming out into that very difficult process of transitioning from a wirehouse. Thank you, Joe. We actually have built quite a model, a nice model to transition them, but it is a paper model. It is and will become an electronic  more of a digital model, it's harder to come from a wirehouse than what we were describing as sort of a broker dealer to broker dealer type transition that we would be going through obviously in an acquisition with TD. Their success of firms coming out though they have come out and they are actually growing their businesses organically faster, faster than firms that have been out and in an independent space. And part of that is because they're actually bringing team members out with them as well. And so, you can see the spread here. It is predominantly those who are coming from independent broker dealers and wirehouses and they're making a decision that they want to do something different. They want to serve their client in a different way. They might be chasing open architecture of product when they're doing that or open architecture of technologies and capabilities. They might be chasing that chart a little bit on the other side where they want to bring more services to their clients that may not exist at the firms that they're with, whether that's on an IBD platform or perhaps even in a wirehouse. Going into 2020, I promise you that we are very focused on making sure we're creating and driving excitement into the marketplace as I had talked about an impact this year, there's a lot more we can do in the space. I'm not going to dive into digitization because Joe has already done a fabulous job with that. But we have to keep helping our clients scale. We have to keep scaling. We have to simplify their integrations with us and we will do that I believe through making sure that they can contact us in the ways that they want to, little as Jonathan has talked about omni-channel, but more importantly, making sure we lead with people and support with technologies, which is a position that we will always want to be in. Specialization is something we've become extremely focused on over the past several years. Really what that's talking to is clients that look like each other, like to be with each other. They like to integrate. They like to in effect network with each other because they learn from each other and we get a lot of value out of those things, so specializing the services for the needs of the client. We too often, I think, talk about big and small when in reality what we should be talking about is complexities and needs and capabilities that we want to be bringing in and thats what specialization has taught us in trying to bring those together and then of course the service evolution. There could be nothing more important in an advisor's life than helping them through the services, the people, the technologies that we can bring to bear. So they can in effect be in business. And so, we have an integration of plan, which we've been working through for again probably a year and a half now well before conversations about what we might be doing in the marketplace and it focuses on all sizes of clients, which we believe is critically important to the success of our organization in serving everybody. An example of that I would go into quickly is just looking at this and we've kind of looked at it in two different ways here. We've already begun a core model as we would call it the under 100 million space. Interestingly enough, you can see that we have 4,500 clients with under a hundred million in assets with us and making sure that the capabilities that they need are brought to them. And I just highlight on a very high level, these are smaller firms. These are firms that don't have as many people quite honestly. These are firms that sometimes require more help on things like safety, security, compliance than they do on maybe the sophistication side of products and technologies. And so not to put them in sort of a broad brush, but we want to make sure we provide those kinds of things to them. And one of the things I'm super excited about and I think opportunistically we'll be able to do and you talked about integration and we don't know when accounts will integrate, but I'm super excited about all the intellectual capital that we've created within Schwab that's available something like a benchmarking study available with a trillion dollar, trillion dollars in assets of information included in it, making that available to two small clients that that may be joining us, should we have again approval on the deal that we're going through and that can happen virtually on day one. It's an area that we've specialized in. We think it's additive to the relationship in addition to all the other things we're talking about. We hired Tom Bradley, many of you know him from the past an expert in this space. We think it's incredibly important to have somebody like that who fully understands and bring some knowledge quite honestly of TD in the industry to the table as well. So excited to have Tom here, who has been here about a month fitting in great and he and I are working very, very closely together. On the right hand side of the chart, I just chose another, if you will specialization and service cut on it and its family office. We've long had family office services. I've talked to you about those kinds of things. And in reality what we've done is we've begun to brand it and it's made a big difference and we hired an expert in that space too, Eddie Brown. You'll get to know him a little bit more, not as maybe as well known a name in the industry, fabulous, fabulous individual. He's worked around family office wealth for quite some time and he's making a real difference in that space. And we're going to continue to fill out the specializations that fit within every size of client because that's how we grow. We know clients want to have a continuum of being able to start with us at the smallest levels that they could possibly be in business and grow all the way up perhaps into the family office space, we're premier wealth if that's  if what they so choose. So with that, I think I'll bring it to close and invite my colleague Jonathan Craig up because the questions are proving to be the best part of the morning.
Craig Siegenthaler: I think I got the mic here. Craig Siegenthaler, Credit Suisse. Question for Jonathan. I want to see if you could provide an update on the Fintech landscape, post the commission cuts in October. I want to see if you've seen any kind of delta in flows activity between your business, the industry and some of these tech startups with sort of growing assets?
Jonathan Craig: Yes, I mean, we haven't seen anything material since the commission of material change. But I would say they're worthy competitors and they're out there gathering assets where both couple of ways. One is originally through low price and they're continuing to bring low prices now on the lending side or cash management side, certainly in the case of  one of them, Robinhood. And so  there's also  there's a brand value that they bring to the table that  for some clients that they're attracted to. But overall, I would say, first from a broad competitive standpoint. I don't spend a lot of time thinking about any one competitor because we operate in such a fragmented market that I'm looking at wirehouses, I'm looking at fintechs, I'm looking at fidelity, TD, E-Trade, Vanguard, banks and who am I missing? And it puts me in a pretty lucky position because rather than having to focus on one individual competitor and how we are going to win against them, it's much simpler to focus on what the client's looking for and what the client need is and serve that. So, I would say, we watched the fintechs, how their growth has been, some of them had a lot of accounts, question a little bit how value of those  how valuable those accounts are, but they've certainly publicly announced some account growth. And we've watched it, but nothing material changed since the commission move.
Rich Repetto: Hi, there.
Jonathan Craig: Hi, Rich.
Rich Repetto: So the question  thank you for breaking out the under a hundred million advisor segments, so 153 billion in assets, still small, but when you compare Ameritrade as I  overall I think somewhere around 650 advisor assets. So I guess the question here is Bernie is how we  this is still small to you, but youre taking on a big, might double the size of whatever and how you  and you said you want to grow services or at least keep the same amount of  or grow the services. So what can you do? You've done a great job already I guess sort of putting this sort of the news flow about the small advisors segment to rest, but a little bit more how are you going to service this segment when there will be a big increase for you?
Bernie Clark: Yes, I think it's a great question, but when you look at the segment itself, we have already begun to do so many things for that group of client that as you bring them together and we add digitalization and more scale to that, I think the opportunity there is, is helping them to grow, which is what advisors always ask us to do in reality is to help them grow. And there'll be a lot of competition within that space because what you're seeing really is, is that the space is getting a little more crowded by that those other rent me platforms, so I hate to call it that kind of thing, but the LPLs and the Raymond James wanting to have custodial platforms that can retain those assets quite honestly that had been being a one into the independent space. So we will have fierce competition there. And so, our service level will have to remain extremely high, safety and security of course will be of paramount importance to that group of clients. But one of the things that I touched on, which I think is really, really important to consider, we've spent a lot of time on intellectual capital over the past years. And when I talk about that I can talk about competitive things and growth things like benchmarking, but we have a consultative program for cybersecurity awareness. And I think those are going to be the things that I get excited about bringing to that group of clients and then allowing for the digitization really to take care of the scale of executions and those kinds of things. We've got a lot more smart technology coming quite honestly and we think about digital assistants and chatbots. And these are not things that necessarily people look at and understand upfront what that benefit will be or that scale will be. But I will tell you, I sit with a lot of these small clients and if they've got to call you, they're really kind of unhappy because there's only two or three people in the office. What they really want to be able to do is go out and check digitally their status and just understand what's happening with it and save the questions and the interactions for different times, so they could stay focused on their clients. I think we're going to net a lot from that as well.
Craig Siegenthaler: And just one follow-up for Jonathan on the retail side. So now with the zero commissions, we've seen a big uptick in activity, I guess strongly what you'd expect in December and then big upticks in January. So I guess the question is can you give us more color and insight on what's dry? Or these just  it appears that trades aren't just being broken up, there's more order flow behind it as well. So what does it do? Can you give us more insight into who is trading? And then how's it impacted other Schwab products that these people may
Jonathan Craig: Sure. Let me just answer  Craig, I was thinking about your question. I thought you were asking me what are they doing different as a result of the zero commission? I think you might have been also asking what are seeing differently. And I just want to close that. We certainly saw some wins from the folks who are out there offering zero commissions. Right after we went to zero, we saw significant numbers of clients coming to Schwab from those firms. It just doesn't add up because they're still small firms. They're still small accounts and we operate in a very complex, fragmented, competitive environment. So I want to be clear, when we went to zero, we definitely took away an advantage of some of those fintechs and started to see some volume coming our way. In terms of, the activity that we've seen post zero commissions, it's hard  the analyst and me, it's hard to analyze this early. There's lots of factors at play, investor sentiment, some of the market movements that we've seen. There's lots of factors at play beyond just the zero commissions that drive client fundamentals, but we did see really strong client fundamentals in a fourth quarter, continue to see strong numbers in January. In our case, it's not huge amounts of incremental trading. That's not our client base, but it's significant new engagement. What we've learned over and over, I think, at Schwab is when we do something disruptive in the industry, clients and prospects tend to lean forward. They tend to engage, they want to ask what's going on, they engage with their portfolio and that causes us to have meaningful conversations, that causes them to do something different. We've seen significant upticks in advise flows. We've seen good flows into our automated solutions. So I would say, the zero commission move was a significant move that created news in the marketplace place position Schwab as a leader that caused people to lean forward and engage at the right time when the markets were moving positively. And some total of that created some strong numbers.
Bernie Clark: And I don't think the advisors change trading patterns, but they thanked this for removing an obstacle that had existed and theyre trying to win individual relationships from models that didn't necessarily follow.
Brian Bedell: A question for Bernie. On the RIA, it's Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank by the way. On the RIA, the concern from some RIA is that they prefer to use two separate platforms, just from a risk control perspective from two different owners, let's say. So what do you  how are you assessing that that concern right now? And what other major concerns are you hearing from the RIAs about the combination? And how are you addressing those concerns?
Bernie Clark: I think the key thing is there was a point in my history many years back where we're having multiple custodians felt like it was  it insured something, created some  perhaps a relative  a surety that that perhaps they had a backup plan, if you will. It's just  I hate to say it, but it's just  it didn't make sense then it really doesn't make sense now. Having a single provider and having the scale and efficiency that comes along with a single provider coupled with the fact that having someone who's so serious about safety and security and what they're doing is  I think it's going to be a huge benefit for clients to do that. Advisors, if I'm hearing things, we're actually hearing a lot of positivity from our clients. We're not obviously talking to all of the TD clients, but we are talking to some of the dual clients, is they want to know that the technologies will be there to bear. And we're committed to making sure that that heavily used APIs that exist within the models or use that we're incorporating them in. It go as far as saying things like RIA bell, which we think is an incredibly good product in making sure that that comes across. These are the kinds of specifics that we will get into and they would really like us to get into. And the message we want to be out there is we're not going to take away anything that would limit small advisor from continuing to do business. It would make no sense for us to do that. It has to be as good or better or exacting to what they're doing now.
Brian Bedell: And then on the cash offer side, that was obviously a topic in Walt's presentation. Are you seeing any type of that activity on the RIA side from other competitor  competitive RIA firms? Or is it a different sort of angle from the other firms in terms of trying to attract the Schwab and Ameritrade customers
Bernie Clark: I think we're well documented on our cash strategy and making sure that there's a great cash options available to advisors that can extend the yield on the products that they're dealing with and purchase funds are one way to get there. Obviously, we have a bank sweep product. And so, I have actually heard less and less from advisors on that front.
Jonathan Craig: I think Brian the question is around cash offers
Brian Bedell: Yes, cash
Jonathan Craig: Like in retail, we have competitors buying our business with cash. Are you seeing the same?
Bernie Clark: I went down the cash path.
Brian Bedell: It's so interesting.
Bernie Clark: We see a little bit of that competition typically on a transition on someone who is coming out from a captive model and there's a little bit of deal time, but we compete well within that space. And in the same way, I think you've heard explained by Walt and Jonathan, we try and make sure that it makes sense to do the business with the  in the way that it's being represented. We're not  and we won't see, I think you know this, but we won't see advisors being bought away with their moving assets. It just  it doesn't happen because, let's remember, this is a third party payer model, right? And so in effect, the clients of advisors are paying us and there's no way that they're going to want to transition those. So it's really all in that space of what we call going independent where you would see some competition on really deal sourcing and perhaps a monetization of the transfer, which is a competitive market that we've been in and we win a significant share in.
Brian Bedell: Thank you.
Mike Cyprys: Mike Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. I just have a question for each of you, so maybe just starting off with Bernie. When you think about the Ameritrade transaction, I guess, how does it allow you, in your view to better serve the smaller end of the RIA marketplace in a way that perhaps you couldn't in the past?
Bernie Clark: Well, I think we have a huge opportunity to scale in this space and I think that's part of the opportunity, but I also mentioned some of the services that we've been building. I always refer to them as intellectual capital. It really has to do a lot with consulting and virtual consulting and making sure that we're educating the marketplace and making sure we're building strength. I talked about succession planning. I think it's incredibly important on the smaller end of the space that we're building good succession models that exist for these firms and making sure that we're scaling into the regulatory and compliance space as well. And I think all of those things we can help at the collection of our clients. One of the things that we've learned with advisors is they grow faster when they network with each other. They grow faster when they get to know each other. We do things and this is just one example of things, but we have many advisory boards and groups that we bring together, communities that we bring together. We so often find that those communities end up coming together and after some period of time we find that they're doing deals with each other or they're joining each other and theyre creating stronger organizations. So really, I think one of the opportunities here is, is strengthening sort of the independent space.
Mike Cyprys: Great. And just a quick question for Jonathan. You mentioned around the organic growth opportunity. You mentioned financial wellness. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about more about that new initiative there. How you're thinking about that? And then just on the stock plan and 401k if you could maybe help to flush out kind of how large that business is today? How that perhaps has grown? And how you're thinking about increasing the size of that funnel?
Jonathan Craig: Yes. So around financial wellness, it's we're in a great position where employers are increasingly asking for us to help their end participants beyond the 401k or beyond the stock plan. And I think those are sort of the ideal relationships to have. And so, we're doing a couple of things. There's certainly  there's product development. There's digital development. There's people. Those are sort of three things you'd expect. We also built an organization around it. So I mentioned all those teams were putting up to Catherine Golladay, EVP in charge of all three, but also within my  within my world I established a team that is focused entirely on that retail prospect conversion, of which the B2B channel, the B2B channels are a significant part of it. So, we're putting resources against it. We're building digital capability against it. In some cases, we're putting people on site and some of the locations where particularly in the stock plan services businesses where the corporate parent is willing wants us on site. And then we're bringing everything that Schwab has to bear to those conversations. I mean, financial wellness is an overused word. It's what Schwab does every day for our clients is financial wellness. And we have an incredible set of capabilities to bring to bear to those participants to help them beyond the plan. I'll narrow in on a couple, but we're much bigger than that. But just Schwab Intelligent Portfolios and Schwab Intelligent Portfolios premium, what an incredible way to help somebody getting started in their career. If they have a stock plan account with us, they invest restricted shares, don't know what to do with that money, we're there. We can put it in an automated portfolio with no advisory fee. We can give them a comprehensive financial plan with a simple small setup fee and $30 a month thereafter. That's a pretty compelling solution for clients. And so we're putting a full court press on bringing that to the participant  for the corporate plans who want it and increasingly they more and more do.
Brennan Hawken: Thanks. Brennan Hawken, UBS. Bernie, a couple questions for you and also maybe a request. When you were talking about the multi-custodian use, you expressed your view about how it's simpler and what have you. What I think might be really interesting to see eventually or if you have some statistics around it, like how much of your customer base actually does use multiple custodians? Is there a size threshold or above a certain size? That would be really helpful. I appreciate that it's operationally more simplistic and maybe the risk of a counterparty is lower than it used to be or what have you. Thanks to the resiliency of the financial system. But it would be helpful to see some of those stats I think.
Bernie Clark: Yes. And we certainly can get more public with those, but a high number of small clients tend to use a single custodian. But the thing you can never forget, and it's been said many times here is the end client, the client of the advisor really chooses the custodian and they always give them the option of who they'd like to choose. And so sometimes you find advisors, who have a very small position with several custodians because their clients have come from there and they'd rather stay with them. But I would say that in the under a hundred space, which we really have there is probably 80% to 90% of those clients are single custodial. And then as you grow up into the higher end space, people tend to think of this as a one, two, three kind of thing. We have large relationships that have upwards of 40 or 50 custodial relationships simply because they've begun to advise on the wealth management and yet the assets may never move. We have  if you look at our clients, you will see LPL looking like one of our largest clients because they have bifurcated relationships, the hybrid relationships. So it's an area where clearly it becomes a bit more complicated than just thinking about it as one of these  this small space of purpose-built.
Brennan Hawken: Okay, that's fair. There was some reference before from Walt and we heard about some chatter on lending and that opportunity in your business. Love to hear some more about that directly from you. What kind of demand are we talking about? What sort of loans do you imagine this is going to  what sort of loan growth are we going to end up seeing? What kind of loans do you expect will drive a lot of the growth? And when we're thinking about this opportunity over the next few years, could you help us size it?
Bernie Clark: Yeah, no, it's, advisors have long talked to us about the fact that they would like to have more banking capability and mostly because they either are using smaller regional banks. And that may or may not satisfy their needs, but they certainly don't want their clients going out to larger banks and alternative as we've seen more enter into the space alternative platforms for their wealth management services. So, we're working closely with them. We're going to our advisory board soon. One of the biggest  bigger challenges I would throw out there for you is the fact that they have a high net worth group of clients by and large that don't necessarily have income. And so, nontraditional or adjustable or mortgages that in effect can handle that type of client. We've had tremendous success with our pledged asset lines. We think going into the space of making sure that there are credit lines available to clients from a bank perspective on a high net worth side is incredibly important. They all can have margin now, but some prefer to go down the banking path. We think that's opportunistic as well. And this is all on the client side. One day, we also want to sort of broach another side of the relationship in how we potentially lend into advisors and what we might do there. We do a very, very small bit of lending on the crossover on the on the transition side for advisors that are turning independent startup costs kind of thing. In fact, we do that through the broker dealer, but they clearly have an interest adjustables of varying rates. We talk a lot about. They are extremely interested to drift a little off the lending side in our trust offerings and trying to make sure that they can work with us through those. Many of them have businesses that could be supported by trust offers. We actually see it as an additional asset opportunity, so that they can consolidate more again with us and, of course, administrative trustee where we in fact connect as the administrator on their behalf and they know that we are a friendly influence in that relationship and that we're not going to come trying to take the assets away from the advisor themselves. So there's a lot of banking opportunity built into all of that. Opportunistically, you have to build these things and understand what market you can make from them. And that will take some time, but Paul Woolway and Steve Anderson, myself, Jonathan, we're working hard and we're working again  almost as we talked about digitization, we're working hard cross organizationally to make sure we're building single solutions that make sense for a wealth management client of retail, wealth management client of an advisor that they have to be different.
Jonathan Craig: I was going to say a lot of the stuff you referenced is the same product that a very affluent sort of likely self-directed type client in our retail business that's interested in. So having taken a one Schwab view is critical. I mean, I would just say on the retail side, we've seen  I said we've seen our client's willingness to do more than core investing with us or do more investing with us and even do lending with us. We just need  we need the product to serve the need. And we've also seen on the flip side of that competitors go after our assets with very aggressive lending offers and we need to have it both to serve the client need, but also to protect that  protect us from that strong competitive force that we feel.
Bernie Clark: I don't think we can yet sort of put a number around it.
Mike Carrier: Mike Carrier from BofA. Jonathan, maybe just on the competitive side you have some of the bigger banks, they've been gaining some, I would say, wallet share from clients, not necessarily from the wealth side, but just from the banking industry. Some of that has been driven by the reward programs. I just wanted to get your take on when you think about that type of a competitive environment, is it something that like Schwab can go after or can institute?
Jonathan Craig: The wirehouse competition  the wirehouse bank, I mean the major banks?
Mike Carrier: Yes, the bigger banks, yes.
Jonathan Craig: Yes. I mean they  they have made significant investments over the last several years in digital and bringing pricing down and leveraging their distribution networks and leveraging their rewards programs. And they clearly are going after  among other things that affluent, mass affluent target with that. And we see that competition every day, definitely. Yes, I would say that we continue to win. And when we win, I think we're winning largely because a couple of reasons. One is I think the sum total of the value proposition that we bring to the table with no trade offs is still a very strong relative to what they're putting in front of their  in front of clients. I think our singular focus resonates quite a bit. I mean, we go to market with one goal, 20,000 employees come to work every day to help individual investors achieve great outcomes either directly or through an intermediary. That singular focus I think is powerful and I think our clients see it. They hear us say it, but more importantly, they see it and experience it. And I think that's been helpful, but there's no doubt the major banks have, over the last several years, made significant investments to bring some of their pricing down, to invest in digital, to leverage their distribution and to go after our clients. And I think that's why a lot of the messaging that certainly I meant to communicate and I know Walt and all of us is despite the very competitive environment we were staying on offense. So the moves we made from zero commissions to subscription based pricing to intelligent income to fractional shares, to more franchisees, I mean these are all examples of staying on offense in the face of strong competitors.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. Firstly, Bernie, thank for that presentation. It was a pretty insightful going through the industry value chain. My question is how do you think about competition see from the likes of LPL who are trying to do more for smaller advisors? They're trying to take away a lot of the operational complexities that they have by offering the virtual services. I think of it as more of almost like a dynasty financial type service for smaller advisors. Is that something that's used as a risk to some of the flows you're getting from the IBD channel? Or do you see yourself as doing more for advisors than pure custody over time?
Bernie Clark: They are very, very motivated and the price of entry into the custodial space has never been cheaper and easier. The ecosystem has grown up aggressively in the marketplace and we will see a continuation of those firms getting better at what they're doing. And we will see a continuation of new names trying to come into this space and new combinations of names as you're highlighting, when you start to think about bringing in what we consider to be in the industry, a turnkey asset manager coming in and joining perhaps with an independent broker dealer model. We know that the wires, I mean, I'll go back to the Goldman example I've used. Clearly, they want to be in this space at a different level. Obviously, they're a little focused at a higher entry point for their clients, but they will be in the space. Raymond James continues to evolve and look for what they're doing. We know that they're out there in some cases and to get back to the cash question again. We know that some of those firms are out there buying teams and buying cash flow of teams in order to be competitive in the space and trying to prove that they're not just transferring assets, which has been the LPL challenge, right. LPL has been transferring assets from their captive over to their independent. They need to show growth that's outside growth coming in. So I think that that will continue. I think about the Commonwealth's, the Wells Fargo's all of these firms are going to need to look for solutions or they are going to continue to attrit assets, which again is why I did  a little bit more I think on the landscape of the industry and how it will continue to evolve in technology capital and more providers are going to keep pushing in that direction. And to kind of answer the last part of your question is, and our intent is to be on the offensive and staying ahead of all of that and trying to make sure that we're driving the best possible experience that we can creating  I will go back to the word scale, but our size is going to help us. I know that. And being known for being in all sizes of the marketplace, I mean, one thing somebody does want to do is necessarily find themselves in the under a hundred million dollar space at an LPL and realize that they can't grow up there, a couple of firms have done that. And then when they can't grow up there, they have to change platforms. They have to move clients. They have to do something completely different. And so, that's  our objective is to make sure that we're attractive from day one all the way through the life cycle of the firm.
Rich Fowler: I think Jeff has really hard one for you.
Jeff Edwards: A couple of web based questions for  one for each. Let's start with Jonathan actually. Can you elaborate on the segmentation initiative? Perhaps talking about what will be different than what Schwab is doing today and perhaps any insight on ultimate goals or targets?
Jonathan Craig: Yes, I would keep it pretty general at this point. I just would say, we have a history at Schwab of delivering every single client a great experience. And I think that's core to what we do. Our service levels in the call centers are how we treat clients and branches. How we've priced historically, even before we eliminated the commissions, everyone paid 4.95. So the most important message I would say is we have a sort of enduring commitment to delivering to all of our clients a great experience. And we do that because we think it's right and it's the right thing to do. We also do it because our clients and many of our affluent clients really respect that that approach to the market. So I think that that is still  thats sort of  that's a permanent commitment. But that doesn't mean that we can't do a little bit more segmentation and we've started a little bit. We have a Chairman Circle program that we don't wildly publicize, but we  in New York and California and in some across the country where some of our very high net worth clients are in what we call Chairman Circle. And with that are some added benefits and some events and things like that. So we're looking to sort of go from that that step to a little bit more segmentation of service models, potentially access to certain products to some of our high net worth clients. And the goal there being again to make it clear to them how much we value that business, to protect that business from a non-slotted competitors, who certainly want it. But we won't go so far as to sacrifice the core experience. Many of our clients, many of our affluent clients at Schwab started as small business owners or started as small clients and a lot of the reasons why they're still here. One of the reasons is, is they saw us as there for them when they were just getting started. So segmentation doesn't mean walking away from that commitment. It means adding some service models and product that maybe from a scale standpoint only makes sense at certain asset tiers and you'll hear more about that as we unfolded.
Jeff Edwards: Thank you. And then one more question here from the web. And perhaps Bernie, you can start and Jonathan you might want to weigh in as well. Can you speak a little bit about the current referral program as well as and how Schwab manages any perceived conflicts of interest with its proprietary retail offerings?
Bernie Clark: Well, I think, we've had a tremendous amount of success in the marketplace and referring assets to advisors that were individuals, who needed something more customized and perhaps more sophisticated. We've probably the highest flow in the industry going into that model and we've done it for 20 years, quite honestly. And some of our competitors have built programs like that, but not a ton of them. And it's a highly thought of program, but more importantly, I think it speaks to the point I had just made that you can come to Schwab as Jonathan was just saying as well as a client, maybe at the beginning of your investing career and make your way all the way through and ultimately end up with an advisor and still be part of slot of your same Schwab account number in effect. I think that's pretty cool to be able to go through that process.
Jonathan Craig: Yes, I mean I think the [indiscernible] advisor program has been working really well. Flows continue, so advisers who are in it are very happy with it and we continue to make enhancements. So the program is working well. And the question of conflict, Bernie and I have  we talk to each other every day. If anything ever comes up, we're on the phone and we resolve it, but it rarely to things come up. And I think it's partly because we have  we do have a different approach, RIAs have a different approach to who they're serving and how they're serving clients than retail. And also just honestly, it's go back to the chart about the massive market opportunity that's out there. We're not the RIA space and the retail space is not  it only adds up to less than 10% market. So, we do hear that much less and less.
Brian Bedell: Thanks. Brian Bedell [Deutsche Bank] again. Just go back to the USAA referral agreement, 13 million members, can you just talk about maybe some expectations about the potential when after that closes to convert some of those users that are not currently on the Schwab platform over to Schwab?
Jonathan Craig: Yes, I don't know that we've shared or have specific numbers, but I can tell you is we are the exclusive referral partner for USAA. And what I can tell you is with that we have a common interest financially and just in terms of serving their members to get their members to Charles Schwab if they're looking for wealth management or brokerage/investing services. The values thats  working with USAA has just been a fantastic experience. We've had a lot of work with them. And I've complete confidence. They said to us early in the relationship that in their words didn't really want to exit the business. They wanted to find a partner who could support them in their business. And that that's a pretty compelling statement, many times of someone wants to exit, they just want to sell it, that was not the case with USAA. They were truly looking for a partner who shared their values, who had great products and services that they would be feel proud about putting in front of their members. So, we'll have to deliver. I don't have numbers that I can share with you today, but I think it's teed up for us to be a pretty significant opportunity just based on the size of the membership, the number of new members add every year and the strength of, I think, the Schwab offer for those members.
Brian Bedell: I think is the staffing going to be increased, I guess, for the opportunity right after the deal close or is that
Jonathan Craig: Yes, so I mentioned  so from a deal standpoint, we're bringing over some of their staffing, some of their relationship managers who manage their important relationships. So, certainly, they will come over and we're managing, we'll bring over some service folks to maintain the service levels. But also on our side, I mentioned we're building in retail  a retail prospect conversion team that is solely focused on driving new to retail accounts from the B2B businesses, but also the referral relationships with folks like USAA. So a vertically integrated structure around, our goal everyday is to optimize that that opportunity. So I think, we'll  I think the traction will be significant, I don't have numbers to share, but it will be significant.
Brian Bedell: Thank you.
Rich Fowler: I could tell by the brown bags in the back that we're getting the hook. So, thank you.
Jonathan Craig: Thank you. [Break]
Rich Fowler: Welcome back everyone from lunch. Hopefully, you're enjoying your San Francisco  fine San Francisco cuisine here. I am sitting in the audience as my colleagues have been sharing the story and I guess, I really enjoyed it. Although, every time theyve mentioned the word going on offense or offensive or something like that as a lifelong San Francisco 49ers fan, a little part of me, I felt little pain in my back every time that was mentioned, making it back to the  our Super Bowl on our come from a head loss on the Super Bowl two days ago. So but you heard it, certainly a number of themes through the course of the day to day. You heard about the strong momentum we have in the marketplace. You heard about some of the challenges that were facing across our different businesses and how were working hard to overcome those challenges.  And you also heard about the opportunities we have, opportunities to add to our scale and add to our efficiency across our businesses. Opportunities to better monetize the assets that we oversee, as well as, opportunities to create a more of a differentiated experience for key segments of our clients base. So my time today, Im going to talk about how that strong business moment and help us navigate through relatively mixed macro environment in 2019, helping us to produce strong financial performance. Also share our views on 2020. And I think, its safe to say that our story, our financial story this year is going to be a little bit more complicated than usual given the integration expenses related to USAA and TD Ameritrade, the partial year impact of USAA and TD Ameritrade later in the year. The lingering impacts of the three fed cuts in 2019, as well as our decision to cut online equity, commissioned equity and ETF commissions in the fourth quarter of last year. But hopefully, if you  as you cut through the quote noise, I think what youll see as a company entering little bit of a transition year. A year in which were poised to produce positive revenue growth year-over-year and managing our rate of expense growth to be below the level of our organic asset and accounts growth, in other words, strong financial performance under the circumstances. I think we also see as a story of a company that is facing the future with a lot of confidence and making the investments, laying the foundation for even stronger revenue growth, greater efficiency and really robust earnings growth in the years ahead. Also talk about capital management and capital return, which I think, as you saw in the last 18 months is really resumed its role as a key pillar of our financial formula and something that we think is going to be very, very important part of our story going forward. So lets talk about why were, certainly, very pleased and proud of our 2019 financial performance. So a year ago at this meeting, we  I outlined a scenario, actually it was a range of possibilities, a range of outcomes based on the market expectations at the time and what a way that the year could unfold. And that range of possible outcomes assumed a few basic assumptions around the market. One, the equity markets would have average appreciation from their strong start at the beginning of the year. Second, it reflected expectations at the time that the fed would continue to hike rates and we assumed a single fed increase in the middle of the year. And it also assumed that long-term rates would stay relatively stable and the client trading activity would increase a little bit. And that range of outcomes really dependent on the range of balance sheet growth and that range of balance sheet growth from minus 9% on one hand to a plus 4% on the other hand was really a function of the degree to which and the pace of which our clients would continue sorting between their transaction and investment cash. And depending on how that happened, we could see that the balance sheet evolve accordingly. Now, I think its safe to say that the year as a whole unfolded in a way that was somewhat more challenging for our business model. Though, the equity markets increased almost 30% over the course of the year. The fed after several years of hiking rates dramatically and pretty quickly reverse course and cut rates three times over the course of the year. And the yield curve inverted for part of the year and ultimately ended up being the right direction, but long-term rates certainly ended the year a lot lower than where they started. And a little bit paradoxically, despite the strong equity markets, client or I would say, investor sentiment turned decidedly apprehensive and skittish. And so we saw key measures of client engagement a little bit softer year-over-year, including trading activity a little bit softer over year  year-over-year. Now the balance sheet growth ended up, right  actually, right in the middle of that range, actually a little bit on the upper end of that the range that we had talked about. So those interest rate driven headwinds if you will, certainly impacted our top line revenue growth. But by focusing on the things that we can control, we were able to deliver bottom line financial performance that was generally consistent with the expectations that we had communicated at this meeting. So our revenue grew by 6% year-over-year, a little bit below the range of outcomes that we had talked about. A function again of the three fed cuts as well as our decision to cut on the equity commissions in the fourth quarter last year. We took steps in the middle of the year to trim our spending and limited our spending growth below the range that we had forecast coming into the year and kept it at 5% and that included about a third of that was actually related to one-time items, severance expenses from some of the restructuring we did as well as the integration expenses and transaction related expenses related to the both USAA and the TD Ameritrade acquisitions. And so by limiting expense growth to 5%, were able to deliver a pretax margin about 45%. Again, consistent with the scenario we laid out and $2.67 of earnings per share up 9% year-over-year. So that was the income statement. Lets talk about the balance sheet. So our balance sheet shrank by 1%, point to point over the course of the year. Now we completed the last of the $130 billion of transfers from sweep money funds over to the balance sheet. We completed those in the first half of the year. And then the second, third and fourth quarters, our clients became net sellers of equities. And so those both contributed, brought cash onto the balance sheet and that basically offset the continued client cash story that we saw over the course of the year and enabled our balance sheet to end the year just down 1%. And we bought back $2.2 billion of stock over the course of the year about average purchase price, about roughly $40 a share. But even so, our Tier 1 leverage ratio finished the year at 7.3%, so a bit above our operating objective of 6.75% to 7%. Ill talk more about that in a moment as I talk about some of the future considerations. So clearly the key driver of our balance sheet evolution if you will is our clients behavior with regard to their cash. And in our continuing mission to help you all understand whats happening underneath the hood, whats happening with our clients and their cash. We wanted to offer an additional perspective, a new perspective for you. So theres really  if you think about it, theres really three factors that influence net balance sheet cash flows. First, we bring a certain amount of net new assets into the firm every year and some portion of those net new assets come in the form of cash. Second, clients make a decision around how to allocate that cash. Keeping some on the balance sheet in the form of bank sweep at transactional cash and then moving some of off balance sheet into higher yielding alternatives like purchase money funds, CDs and so forth. Some of these  thats what we call the investment cash. And the net result of those two dynamics is what you can see in the gray column here, negative in the first part of the year, becoming less of a negative in the third quarter and then actually turning positive in the fourth quarter. And its that interplay between those two dynamics that we expect will turn positive overtime and will allow our bank sweep to grow consistent with the growth in total client assets and the growth in total accounts. As the net new assets continue to come in, the sorting process slows, net new assets over  more than offsets any sorting that we may see. But theres an important dynamic. Theres a third dynamic at play as well, which is the extent to which our clients are net buyers or sellers of equity. So whats their view on the equity markets and how are they voting with their feet on the equity markets. And you can see in the first quarter of last year, our clients were actually net buyers of equities and they became net sellers of equities in the second, third and fourth quarter. Now the oval box of a top here is, thats what you see. Thats the combination of those two things. And you can see in the fourth quarter, these are the numbers that you see on our disclosures had a positive $13 billion in client cash flows in the fourth quarter. Ill say, $9 billion of that alone came in the month of December. And we have seen some of that year-to-date. We have seen some of that reverse as we saw in 2019, but at a much lower level, only about a quarter of that money is actually gotten redeployed off the balance sheet thus far year-to-date. It was a much, much higher number in 2019. So again, an indication that sorting is likely slowing. Again, Ive said this before, I wont ring the bell. That sorting is done until its probably well in our rear view mirror, but theres certainly  it seems a little doubt that it is slowing and that ultimately our cash balances will grow with a growth in total client assets and the growth in total accounts. So our success in 2019 puts us in a great position as we head into 2020. And theres always a number of moving pieces, a number of variables that we need to take into consideration. Of course the market, the interest rate outlook, our clients trading activity, this dynamic between the client cash sorting as well as their views on the equity markets and the net flows into equities. And so all that  we have to think about all that as we think about our scenario and the range of possible outcomes we have here. This box on the bottom is a really important one. Rich had this year two pages of walls  a wall of words. This is kind of my box of words, I guess, which is to say that all the numbers that Im going to be sharing are go forward numbers. Looking at 2020, exclude any numbers related to TD Ameritrade, exclude any integration spending, and of course, exclude any impact of ongoing the consolidated entity that we might have. We thought it was really important just to give you a perspective on the core Schwab business and how that's  how we see that unfolding over the course of 2020. All right. So let's start on the revenue. Ill start with the net interest revenue, of course, net interest margin. So our expectation in an environment, where interest rates are relatively flat through the course of the year and the Fed is on hold through all of 2020, that our full year average net interest margin would average somewhere in the mid to upper 2.20%s, so mid to upper 2.20%s. So now there's lot of inputs into that. And so at the risk of getting into the wheel just a little bit here, I want to unpack that just a little bit. So our investment portfolio, historically we've talked about our investment portfolio has been roughly 60, 40, fixed and floating. We've actually taken steps over the last six months or so to shift that allocation from 60, 40 fixed floating to more like 80, 20. And the reason we've done that is because as interest rates have come down, the duration of the fixed rate investments that we hold has come down as well. And so to keep our target overall duration in that 2.50% to 2.75% range that we've been targeting, we need to increase our allocation to fixed rate assets. Second piece going forward, we actually see an opportunity and we'll be looking to increase that duration from that 2.75% range to somewhere in the mid-3%s gradually over the next 12 months. Let me talk about why, why that is? So one of the outcomes of this client cash sorting process that I've talked about  we've talked about it a number of times, is that it's a process by which the most yield sensitive cash moves off the balance sheet into these higher yielding alternatives. So by definition, what's left on the balance sheet is less rate sensitive, think of it as sticker cash. Sticker cash is longer duration and bank sweep is by far our largest liability. So the overall duration of our liabilities has increased and so from an asset and liability management standpoint, it's appropriate given that to increase the duration of our assets as well. And so that's what we're looking to do gradually over the next 12 months. The third point I would make is, those of you looking closely at this dash line here and trying to getting out of protractor and trying to read into what the numbers might be for the next couple of quarters, you'll notice of course that the numbers goes down and then it takes backup and you might say, well, why is that assuming a stable interest rate environment? The reason for that is because we know there is probably $10 billion to $12 billion of client cash balances coming over to our balance sheet at the time of the USAA conversion at that migration. And what we're looking to do is get a head start on that investing activity, so actually pre-investing ahead of that migration. This is for those of you who have followed the company for awhile. You'll be familiar with this when we do this. I've done this traditionally when we've done things like sweep transfers that we knew about, it allows us to spread out the pace of investing over a longer period of time. It'd be more opportunistic, if we  it allows us to deploy the capital. And right now, as I mentioned earlier, we have some excess capital above our operating objective. So it allows us to better utilize that capital. So we utilize FHLB advances to get a head start on that. And then we replaced those FHLB advances with the bank sweep balances that are coming over from USAA. And those FHLB advances is a higher cost funding source than of course than bank sweep, so it does bring NIM down, our net interest margin down. But it's certainly very positive from a revenue standpoint, from an earning standpoint. We think a very appropriate thing to be doing. Fourth point on deposit rates, no change in our thinking on deposit rates. We have traditionally moved our deposit rates, generally speaking with Fed activity, some as to a lesser extent with what's happening in the broader interest rate environment. So in a scenario, where interest rates are staying relatively stable, I think it's reasonable to expect that our deposit rates would stay relatively stable as well. And this last point is an important point, although I'll say  it doesn't impact the NIM at all, which is, we, as of January 1, transferred 100% of our held to maturity securities over to the available for sale category. You may say, why would you do that, if it doesn't do anything on net interest margin? And the reason is because with the new  with the Fed's new tailoring rule, we made the election to opt-out of including Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income AOCI in our regulatory capital ratios. And AOCI is what is derived from the mark-to-market gains and losses and available for sale securities. So now there's really no downside to having those securities be marked as available for sale. And there's actually it brings us benefits in terms of giving us more flexibility to reposition the portfolio as the market warrants it. But again, I want to emphasize that is purely an accounting change has nothing to do with what were buying, has nothing to do with the overall aggregated yield of the portfolio, the overall aggregate duration of the portfolio, but it is a benefit of the feds do and we think one of several benefits of the new of the feds at tailoring rule. All right. So, we cannot say control the interest rate environment, but we cant control our approach to spending. And so right now, were planning for expense growth over  year-over-year of roughly 6% to 7% on a GAAP basis. I want to emphasize the on a GAAP basis, because theres a number of components that build into that. So, let me walk you through the waterfall here a little bit. On the left, you see the  if we exclude the one-time items in 2019, it was about $87 million of severance and integration expenses, pull those out, that subtracts about a point and a half from our 2019 expenses. This blue, this, I guess the dull blue, but the lightish blue, that it has the highlight around it. Thats the key number. Thats our operating expense growth of 4% to 5%. So, very consistent with the expectations that we have communicated in the last several years about what we think of as sort of the long-term trend around expense growth in that kind of mid to  potentially lower-mid single-digit level. So, 4% to 5% expense growth. And then you add onto that the integration spending related to USAA, but not TD Ameritrade. Let me just remind  emphasize that again, integration spending related to USAA that has a 1.7% or so. and then the ongoing expenses associated with servicing the accounts once they come over to Schwab. The employees that were bringing over in the servicing costs and so forth. And thats how you get to 6% to 7% expense growth on a GAAP basis. All right. So now, the page youve all been waiting for. Our scenario for the year. Im going to keep it in suspense just a little bit longer. Thank you for hanging in there for four hours or so now, and build this up piece-by-piece. Because I know once I show the outcomes, everything else I say, youll go in at one year and out the other. So, let me talk about the assumptions. Im going to talk about the assumptions first. So, we developed a scenario, I will say, pre-coronavirus, but well give you the sensitivities in a moment, so you can adjust it based on your view of how the markets might unfold. So, the base set of assumptions in this scenario, our market again, appreciates a 6.5% from the mid-January levels. The fed stays on hold through the course of the year. Long-term rates returned to where they were at the start of the year. In client trading activity, youll notice this as daily average trades, not daily average revenue trades, I was one of the  wed drop the R when we cut the equity commissions in  eliminate the equity commissions in the fourth quarter. Daily average trades increases a little bit a year-over-year, in part because of the accounts were bringing over from USAA. Now, of course, with the decision we made in the fourth quarter, that fourth assumption really isnt a big driver of our scenario any longer. Its really those top three that are the key ones to focus on. And as with last year, I want to share with you a range of potential balance sheet growth estimates, I guess, or not estimates, but outcomes  potential outcomes over the course of the year. And in this case, it really depends on the extent to which these two dynamics I talked about earlier, which is the duration, the length of time that our clients continue to be sellers of equities as well as the client cash sorting and you can think of those two forces as kind of in a little bit of a tug of war if you will. In other words, if clients continue to be sellers of equities, but sorting stops, wed likely end up more in the upper end of that range. If the reverse happens, sorting continues and clients move from being sellers of equities to net buyers or neutral, wed be more likely ended up in the lower end of that range or that balance sheet range. So, kind of a flat in one scenario, went up 12% in that other  in that other outcome. And depending on what happens with the balance sheet, wed anticipate full-year revenue growth in the 0% to 4% range. Thinking wed manage that expense growth within that range of possibilities at that 6% to 7%, again, on a GAAP basis. And that would lead to a pretax margin of 41% or so. So, a few points less than, where we were last year. Now, we have been really  we have studiously avoided sharing any kind of quarterly guides in the past. And let me be clear, this is not guidance. You would know its not a guidance, because there is no scale, on the left side here. But its important, we want to make sure we emphasize, its really important that our expectation is that when you look at some of these numbers on a year-over-year basis in the first three quarters of the year, well be showing most likely some degree of negative operating leverage, but we would expect that it would turn positive in the fourth quarter of 2020. The fourth quarter is the year  is the quarter in which all the  virtually, all of the integration spending related to USAA is behind us. The prior period will  the fourth quarter of 2019 well include, of course, 90% of the impact of the equity commission, elimination will impact a  will include a big chunk of the impact of the three fed cuts. And so thats the quarter, in which wed expect positive operating leverage and then having that continue into 2021 as well. And we expect that overtime, were going to continue to demonstrate positive operating leverage and we have certainly plenty of opportunity to continue expanding margins as you saw us do over the last several years. So, I mentioned about sensitivities, again, I know that the year is going to  its already been kind of a full year in the last month, I guess with a lot of twists and turns along the way. The markets will evolve over the course of the year, in ways that none of us can anticipate today, or very  certainly, very few of us can anticipate today. And so we always want to make sure we share with you, its a sensitivity so you can adjust your assumptions as the year unfolds or as you have your own views on what may happen. The Q1 continues to be that, that one in the upper left, which is the target fed funds rate and a $75 million to $175 million impact for every 25 basis point increase or decrease in the fed funds rate and the difference between those two numbers is whether thats in the first full year. The difference in those two numbers is if the yield curve shows in parallel when the fed moves or if its just on the front end of the curve. The second one, I bring to your attention is that the upper middle one, which is the $40 million impact for every 10 basis point change in 10-year treasury. Those of you, who remember our previous business updates, thats a little bit higher on what weve shared previously. Thats a function of again, shifting more of the investment portfolio into the fixed rate investments and you can see some of those other sensitivities as well. for those of you, who may be taking pictures of this or writing this down, all these slides, I shouldve said this, all these slides are available now on aboutschwab.com, so youll have access to the numbers. So, last year was a big year for the  for our real estate team as we basically completed the first phase of our new Westlake campus. We built and completed construction as Joe mentioned on a data center just near that campus. We added really, the last building in our Austin campus and a new parking garage, and for our employees in Denver. So, our CapEx last year was above our long-term average of roughly 3% to 5% of revenue. Basically, nearly, all those projects are done now. The only big project, major construction project we have going on now is phase 2 of our Westlake campus, which we expect well finish in 2021. And so our expectation in 2020 is that CapEx comes down a lot closer to that long-term average and likely, into 2021 comes down even further. So, weve shown over the last  I think last 18 months or so, the ability to be a company that can deliver both strong top-line revenue growth as well as robust capital return. I talked about that $2.2 billion of capital return via the buybacks utilizing just over half of the authorization we have from the board. We increased our dividend by $0.04 last year and by $0.01 last week. I think going forward, its reasonable to expect that our dividend will increase consistent with our target of dividending out roughly 20% to 30% of our earnings per share and the buybacks will be  continue to be a very, very important part of our financial formula, thats long-term. in the near term, there are going to be some dynamics that will impact the pace of buybacks were able to execute and our ability to manage our tier 1 leverage ratio to keep it pegged at that 6.75% to 7% range. Now first, is we need to build up some capital to support the USAA acquisition, both the $1.8 billion purchase price as well as capital support, the balances that we expect to migrate over at the time of conversion. But second, there are some transaction-related dynamics r6elated to TD Ameritrade acquisition that at various points in time may make it hard, if not impossible for us to be in the market buying back stock. So for example, ahead of the stockholder meeting is one example, if the window closes, because of some development from a regulatory standpoint and so forth. So, in the near-term, you may not see as much buybacks as you might be expecting, but longer-term, I want to emphasize longer-term, it is a very, very important part of our financial formula. And I see no reason why our capital return approach should be any different post-acquisition as it is  as it has been up until this point. So those of you who follow the company for awhile, I think, know that we are strong adherence of a focus on GAAP. We are seeing some of gains I guess if you will but other companies play with non-GAAP measures and we really just don't want any part of that. At the same time as I mentioned, the next few years are likely to be a little bit noisy if you will, from some of the top line financial measures, with integration spending and with some of the amortization and so forth. So we think it's going to be appropriate to introduce some non-GAAP measures to shed more light on what is happening with the core business. And one of those non-GAAP measures I think you'll hear us talk about in the future is return on tangible common equity, which I think most of you know, it takes our standard ROE, measure and strips out goodwill and intangibles. And we think that's going to be up. If you look at ROE and ROTCE today, they're tracking pretty close. Going forward, post the USAA acquisition, they'll diverge a little bit and post the TD Ameritrade acquisition, they would diverge further. We think it's an important measure of our ability to reward our stockholders and predictably use the capital that has been interest on us. But as we do these and introduce non-GAAP measures, just know that we're going to be very, very discerning around what we might be excluding for non-GAAP purposes. Of course we'll be sharing the GAAP measures as well to give you a sense of the both of them. We think this is going to be a helpful way to look at the company. So, let me close with, I guess a couple of thoughts before I go to Q&A here. So I think we've talked, Walt started his comments, talking about some of the challenges Bernie, Jonathan, Joe talked about some of the challenges we faced, I talked about some of the environmental challenges I think one of the things that's made this company successful for 40 plus years is as we see those challenges and we tackle them head-on. I think that's what we're trying to share with all of you today as we see these challenges and we're tackling them, we're going right after them. I talked about how 2020 has the opportunity, I think will be a bit of a transitional year, but I'll say it has potential to be a transformational year for us, a year that really sets us up very, very well for the future for the next years, even decade or more of success. But some of the things that aren't going to change during that transformation are some of these qualities, these attributes on the right here. Now, first and foremost, is our Through Clients Eyes strategy, that won't change as we become a bigger company. The way that we operate the company, our focus on growth, our focus not just on metrics growth, but on revenue, growth, on monetization, the discipline with which we manage expenses, the discipline with which we manage capital, those things won't change as we go through this transformational year. And finally, I think the candor and the transparency that we endeavor to communicate with all of you and the investment community, that won't change at all either. So with that happy entertain questions. Thank you. Alright, some over up here, I couldnt tell, who is first.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks Peter. You may have covered this and I missed it. But on the NIM, the NIM guidance, if we are ending the year in the low 230s, flat rates in the assumptions, extending duration to fix there, trying to see where the pressure is in the year on the NIM getting it into high, the mid-to-high 220s, I guess.
Peter Crawford: The exciting thing, there is something happening gradually over the time, so I wouldnt expect that to have a big impact in the NIM in the near-term, couple of dynamics, that impact NIM in the first quarter, Id say couple of things. So, one is we are entering Q1 with lower rates, really across the curve that we entered Q4, so both on the floating rate side and the fixed rate side. Second, is with the year-end build-up in cash that we saw, we built up more liquidity in the investment portfolio. Just to make sure, we are ready for potential seasonal related outflows that we see in April, typically we see outflows in the month of April, so down a little bit of actual liquidity as well for that. And then reinvestment rates on some of the securities buyer, like 20 basis points lower than where they are average over the portfolio thats we have to look.
Craig Siegenthaler: Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse. So, Peter as you look at the 2020 projections for negative operating leverage, I just want to hear, how you think about, because it is transformational year, how do you think about operating leverage on much longer-term basis, as you bounce investing or sort of revenue growth.
Peter Crawford: Yes, thank you, Craig. So when I think about operating leverage on an ongoing basis, I go back to our financial formula that weve shared previously. And for those of you who are maybe newer to the name, let me recap. If we can continue to grow organically our assets at 5% to 7% a year as Walt demonstrated, weve been able to do that consistently and even as we become larger, weve continued to be able to do that and have in fact three of the best years weve ever had. So you take that 5% to 7% organic asset growth, layer on top of that, some degree of market appreciation that gets you to probably high-single digit growth in total client assets. I feel very confident about our ability to convert that high-single digit asset growth to a high-single digit revenue growth as well. Particularly given the fact that weve now eliminated the single, biggest ROCA impediment that weve had for the last 45 years, which is equity commissions. So our ability to convert, to translate that asset growth into revenue growth, I think, theres a lot more straight forward now. And yes, there are some revenue pressures in some parts of our business, but theres also a lot of monetization opportunities as Walt talked about and Jonathan talked about as well in other parts of our business. So that gets you the high-single digit revenue growth. I think we can feel very good about our ability to maintain expense growth in that mid-single digit level, especially with all the opportunities that weve been talking about around efficiency, and leveraging scale, and the application monetization work, and so forth. And that when you do the math on that that creates a several 100 basis points of operating leverage on an ongoing basis and allows us to expand margins over time. And by the way, at the same time, allows us to return a few points to stockholders via opportunities to buybacks and convert even that level of earnings growth and even a higher level of EPS growth. So I think the financial formula I feel really, really good about. I think again with the elimination of equity commission, were feeling better about that now than I did. We shared that just a year ago. Go ahead.
Craig Siegenthaler: Very gentlemanly display here. So two quick ones, Peter. Expense growth, youve spoken in the past about getting to an eventual low-to-mid single digit growth rate. When we look at your core expense growth outlook in 2020, which is a noisy year, but the core is like 4% to 5%, is that how we should think about the translation of that low-to-mid single digit is that roughly in line with where youd expect youd land in the long run?
Peter Crawford: I mean, I think 4% to 5% is pretty close to low-to-mid single digit. Thats also an environment where the equity markets are appreciated. So third-party expenses related to assets  our total client assets were up 20 something percent year-over-year. So that drives some expense growth in third-party expenses. So, I think, I feel pretty good about that level. Where can it end up? I cant say, I cant be possibly be that precise, whether its 3%, 4% or 5%, but I think sort of its in the zone of somewhere around there. And again, I think next year were showing our ability to do that.
Craig Siegenthaler: Great. And then my second one, can you remind us, did you embed, when you talked about USAA, a lot of that revenue is cash and the yields and the deposit. What were the assumptions around cash sorting on those USAA balances that came in? And now that were not far from that actually probably happening, is it still midyear and how should we think about that?
Peter Crawford: Yes, so were still  so to answer your second question first, were still targeting midyear, doing everything more precise to say on that. The team is working very, very hard to make that happen as soon as possible while ensuring a great experience for the USAA members as they come over. In terms of the assumptions around the cash balance, yes, we did assume that some of those balances do end up going through a sorting process when they come over here. Some of them are in money funds today. Some of them are on the balance sheet. Actually, most of them are on the  Im trying to run with mixes, I think, its probably a two thirds, one third, but we did some degree of sorting as the balance has come over.
Brian Bedell: Hi, Peter. Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank. On the expense growth forecast for this year is there any assumption of paying to compete on those cash offers that everyone else is talking about? And if not how much of a delta could that be and would that come through the advertising line  advertising marketing line maybe start with that.
Peter Crawford: So yes and yes is the answer to your question. So, yes, that does contemplate what we have to do from a cash standpoint to be competitive. And those do show up in the  you see those show up in the marketing line.
Brian Bedell: Okay. So I guess you can't say what assumption of cash offers are baked in there.
Peter Crawford: I mean, it's  we talk about the cash offers. And I mean, it's certainly a really important dynamic and it's a very competitive business, but in aggregate, in the context of spending $5-ish billion, I mean, it's not a ton of money necessarily, right? So it's definitely meaningful. It's something that's important. It's something we are definitely committed to doing and we want to make sure the field is equipped to combat that competition. But if it's  if we're off by 10% on that, it's not a huge difference necessarily.
Brian Bedell: And then just, are you seeing any attrition yet so far? I know the December NNA metrics are really strong. Maybe carrying into January. Are you seeing any evidence of attrition that you're having to compete with at this stage?
Peter Crawford: Yes, I don't want to  if I tell you the next  month January NNA, you won't read our SMART report when we release it next week. So I will have to leave you in suspense for another few days until we release the SMART on that one. But I would say in general, we have always faced a lot of competition from a lot of different sources. Ever since this company has started and at different points in time there has been different competitors that have been more or less aggressive. And so we're constantly fighting this battle on multiple fronts. And I think we feel pretty good about our ability to do that. And at various points in time, some people try to leverage some advantage or another and where we work really hard and have to work really hard and stay really focused on clients to make sure we don't let that show up in the metrics.
Brian Bedell: Fair enough. Thank you.
WillNance: William Nance of Goldman. Maybe one on the net interest margin. So I heard the  thanks for the color on just the change in reinvestment rates versus the fourth quarter. I guess one of the questions we get, longer term given where the long end of the curve is like now when you did your planning, however you want to kind of frame the answer, could you give us a sense for, with 80% of the reinvestments going into fixed rate securities, just roughly where is the reinvestment rate relative to the kind of 250 blended yield that we're at today and that might help kind of frame where the margin would settle out longer term?
Peter Crawford: Yes. I mean, I think I mentioned, I mean, Id say the reinvestment rates on the whole are probably about 20-ish basis points lower than the overall portfolio. You'll really see that on the floating and the fixed and we're not frankly putting a lot of new investments into floating right now as we shift that mixed towards a heavier allocation to fixed.
WillNance: Got it. Thanks. And then on the cash balance side, I guess, the expectations have been moving around quite a bit as we got through the year. I guess one takeaway from today is that, there's still some sorting underlying the net selling that we saw in the back half of last year. I guess, are you surprised that we're still talking about sorting a year later? And I guess, what are you seeing when you look at the data that gives you  that at least makes you want us to consider the possibility that sorting continues for another year given the Feds kind of been on hold now for a while?
Peter Crawford: Well, I think I mean  I think it just  Id say it depends. I think if interest rates continue to be lower, we expect that sorting process to end sooner than that. Otherwise, if interest rates go back up, you might see that pick up a little bit. We just don't want to  we don't want to  we certainly are seeing it slow and I think the numbers I shared demonstrate that. Remember, we are just doing  it was second quarter of last year that we executed last of the sweep transfers. I mentioned the USA cash balances that we're migrating over, those will go through a little bit of a sorting process as well. So again, you may see a little bit of that about that this year. But it could be that it stops and it's over. I just don't want to  I don't want to predict that it's going to be over in January 12 or something like that because I think that would be presumptuous. But we do think that it will reach it's  it will reach its equilibrium point. And then again, I would emphasize that our cash balances will grow again and that could very well happen in 2020.
Mike Cyprys: Thanks. Mike Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. Just wanted to come back on the Ameritrade deal. If we look out over the next couple of years, it sounds like the expectation is that you would look to, I guess, draw down on the $10 billion of year of deposits bringing them over. I guess, just how are you thinking about the potential of retaining some flexibility there that maybe not just bringing cash over, but maybe actually sending cash over to TD Bank and having some sort of off ramp when you think about balance sheet optimization and differences in the yield curve potentially over time? What scenario could you see yourself looking for that sort of flexibility and arrangement?
Peter Crawford: Yes. So I would say, the nice thing about the agreement that we have with the  as part of the transaction that we struck with TD Bank is it does give us the option, but not the obligation to reduce those balances over time. I would say in the current interest of rate environment, it's definitely accretive from a capital standpoint, from EPS standpoint, we're bringing those balances over to our balance sheet and be investing in them as we see fit. I'm trying to think about hypothetical. I'm not sure I want to go to a hypothetical around where we might not do that, but certainly if we see an environment with whatever reason that doesn't make sense, then we have the flexibility not to do that and to not to take those balances on. But it's nice to be at least have that as an option and then we can think about from managing the investment portfolio. It's awfully nice for our treasury team to know that, that as they're thinking about managing investment portfolio, you've got this potential $10 billion a year, every year that can come over and you think about that from as you're managing liquidity for example, I talked about building up liquidity in the fourth quarter of this year. Oh gosh, if we know that we're going to have a certain amount of money coming over from through the IDA onto our balance sheet, that gives us more flexibility to invest in that portfolio. So it's nice having that that option, but again, it's an option, not an obligation. Other questions? Jeff, anything from the web?
Jeff Edwards: Not yet.
Peter Crawford: Not yet. Okay, well...
Chris Allen: How are you doing? Chris Allen, Compass Point. You talked about 41% margins for 2020. Maybe you could just give us some color like what do you think longer term margin are achievable post the America and USA deals?
Jeff Edwards: All right. So we share some numbers in the announcement deck around the margins. If you sort of just assume a simple merging of the two businesses and where those margins cadet up, I think the important point is that we see the opportunity to continue to grow those margins over time. We see the opportunity for continued operating leverage. We have no plans to artificially cap the margin somewhere. And we think that those opportunities can continue to trend North, North here. And that's why we're really focused on doing everything we can to bend that cost curve to drive down the expense on client assets, but do so in a way that doesn't come at the expense of our clients or an investment in the longer term. And if we do that and we continue to focus on the other things and growing organically and monetizing assets, we bring on, those margins will expand over time. So I think I can't put a number out there because I think there's no  there's no upper necessarily no upper limit that I can, I can necessarily place on it, at least certainly not in the near term that I would, makes sense.
Jeff Edwards: Okay. Well I think maybe that is after 4.5 hours or so for almost five hours or so. So first I want to thank you all. Thank you. I think Barry said it really well in his opening around we really appreciate hearing your questions and were having a chance to interact with you directly and tell our story through our own words. I think he's exactly right. And that's certainly what we try to do here in a, in a way that is very transparent and very candid. I'd also say that I think we're going to look back, I've said this to folks on my team, I've said that to employees that shot, I think we're going to look back on 2019 is a truly historic year. We've clearly with the actions that we've taken, we've created a lot of opportunities for ourselves, but we know we need to work hard to, to capitalize on those opportunities. The opportunity is created by our decision to eliminate equity commissions, the opportunity created by the USA acquisition, by the TD Ameritrade acquisition. And we're certainly very, very focused on making sure that we capitalize on those. We feel like we've got the right strategy, the right position in the market, and the right team to do just that. We'll look forward to having a chance to give you an update in a few months at our, because that would be spring business update. Thank you all and have a safe, safe travels back. Cheers.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-19 17:31:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Como  Vice President-Investor Relations Walt Bettinger  President and Chief Executive Officer Peter Crawford  Chief Financial Officer Rich Fowler  Head-Investor Relations
Analysts: Mike Carrier  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Rich Repetto  Sandler O'Neill Devin Ryan  JMP Securities Brian Bedell  Deutsche Bank Vincent Hung  Autonomous Research Jeremy Campbell  Barclays Bank Steven Chubak  Wolfe Research, LLC Craig Siegenthaler  Credit Suisse AG Chris Shutler  William Blair Bill Katz  Citigroup
Jennifer Como: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Schwab's 2018 Fall Business Update. This is Jennifer Como, Vice President of Investor Relations for Schwab coming to you from a somewhat foggy San Francisco. Also here with me in the studio today are Walt Bettinger, our President and CEO; Peter Crawford, our CFO; and Rich Fowler, our Head of Investor Relations. In our agenda today, we will spend a focused hour sharing our perspectives on Schwab. Walt is going to start us off with a strategic picture, and Peter will take a look at our recent financial performance and current outlook. Rich will then facilitate the Q&A until it's time to wrap up. And while we're on the topic of Q&A, let's review the process. As usual, we'll do so via the webcast console as well as the dial-in. To help us get to as many focus possible, we very much appreciate you sticking to our question guidelines, which is one question plus a follow up. Before we start, let's spend a minute on the ever-important forward-looking statement page, the main point of which is to remind everyone that outcomes can differ from expectations. So please keep an eye on our disclosures. Last, for those of you looking for the slides, we plan to post them on the IR site following the prepared remarks. And with that I think were ready to begin. Walt?
Walt Bettinger: Thanks, Jen. Good morning, everyone. Normally, at this time of year, I make some kind of comment about my beloved Baltimore Orioles, but after 115 lost season, I think I'll just move right on to talking about the third quarter, which, by the way, I've been incredibly excited for our webcast this morning because it was just such a extraordinary quarter and a continuation of our strong organic growth. So let's start of and talk a bit about our operating model. It's very simple and straightforward. As you all know, for years, we have referred to it as the virtuous cycle and its working again in 2018 just as it should. Begins with challenging the status quo of our industry. On behalf of investors, they, in turn, reward us by investing their hard-earned money at Schwab, and that grows our base of planned dollars contributing to strong revenue growth and financial results. The results of this lead to more earnings, enhance our returns for our owners. And then we turn around, and we reinvest. We reinvest a part of those results back in the business to be able to better serve and reward our clients and prospects. And of course, then the cycle starts all over again. So maybe what we'll do right now is go a little bit deeper into a couple of the components of the virtuous cycle. Let's start off with a prospect and client response to some of our efforts to challenge the status quo. You can see extraordinary results again here in the third quarter. New accounts continued to grow; rapid rate, up about 13% year-over-year and 80% over the course of the last decade. At the same time, our clients are very engaged with us. And you can see that reflected in our daily average trades, up about 20% year-over-year and about 80%, again, over the course of the last decade. One thing that's very interesting in the trade to see at, in the details, it reflects the changing way that investors are choosing to invest with us with relatively significant growth there in the asset base trade side as well as trades that are processes, part of some form of typically fee-based advisory solution. Strong core net new assets. Net new assets brought to the firm here in the first three quarters of the year are over $170 billion. Again, that's core, well ahead of the same time frame from last year, which, of course, was a record-breaking year and puts us on pace to exceed 2017. Other interesting factor is that they're higher through September of this year than any full year in our firm's history with the exception of 2017. So the asset-gathering machine that sometimes Schwab has referred to as seems to be continuing to play out. And as clients trust us with more and more of their assets, put that together, of course, with the favorable macro environment we've been operating in this year, it leads to record financial results. Year-to-date, we're just shy of 45% from a pretax margin standpoint. That continues a very consistent rate of expansion that you can see on this page since the depths of the crisis in 2010. We achieved this margin even as we made very, very substantial investments in the business. We achieved this margin maybe a little bit earlier in the cycle than we'd anticipated because rates have risen a bit faster than we thought. And of course, that has driven revenue growth at a rate a little faster than we anticipated also. And as a result, we've been outperforming the baseline scenarios that we've shared with you on a pretty regular basis. Of course, this is something that we'll watch very carefully as we do our planning for next year and, of course, for 2020. Put those margins together, and you get very strong return on equity. Year-to-date here, 19%. I think in the third quarter, we may have hit the two handle, hit the 20% in terms of our return on equity. And of course, this is the 13th quarter in a row that we've had record pretax earnings. You can see why I was so excited to have this webcast today, what a great quarter. I think what's very important also, though, is that in addition to delivering these record financial results, we've been investing aggressively in our business to strive to continue to drive this type of organic growth. We know that our business operates in cycles. There are going to be cycles that are better and worse, and we're trying to take advantage of this positive time in the cycle to invest in our franchise, invest in our clients. And of course, this is reflected in higher spending at this point in time, whether it's staffing, technology, marketing, all areas that we're putting a concentrated effort around. So a quick wrap up on the virtuous cycle part. It's working as intended. We expect to continue to execute on the operating model and maybe what we'll do right now is go a little bit deeper into a couple of competitive and financial issues here before I turn it over to Peter. So as you know, our strategic approach to serving clients involves what we call the no trade-offs. And this is a deliberate effort on our part based on the belief that when you have a focused strategy, when you have a consistent strategy around serving investors as well as the advisers who work with them that we can deliver for them world-class value, world-class service and world-class guidance. It's not an or in any part of that sentence. We really believe that in today's economy that, that old paradigm that you "sort of get what you paid for," that's been shattered. That's just not the way that the environment works today and certainly not the way we think successful firms and investment services will operate as we move forward. So really, today, with our combination of scale, people, technology as well as we shouldn't forget the courage to be disruptive, we can keep delivering for clients in a way that we think few, if any, of our competitors are able to do so. It really continues to show up in one of our simplest, most direct metrics. If you look at our TOA, or transfer of assets or accounts, we continue to win more than $2 from competitors for every dollar they win from us. That's a metric that we've not seen documented, at least in any kind of publicly reviewed forum, achieved by any competitor. And of course, one of our key structural advantages is our scale and our operating efficiency. Our cost structure is about half, in some case less than half of a number of our online competitors and less than third that of the wirehouse firms. Now if you go back and review our guiding principles, you know that we believe that price matters. And in an industry where price matters, this is a very important competitive tool. It enables us to offer unbeatable pricing in the areas that matter most to clients. And of course, just as importantly, it helps our clients keep more of their hard-earned money in their pocket where it belongs. We always remind ourselves, after all, it's their money to begin with. I think these numbers are based here as of maybe the end of 2017, but it shows that we only have about 7% market share here domestically. So we're confident that we have a long runway in front of us to be able to continue to drive organic growth. And the investments that we're making today whether it be in the areas of digital delivery or the rebuild of our core brokerage systems, automation of operational processes, all those things are going to improve our ability to keep delivering this no trade-offs proposition for our clients and for our prospects considering Schwab. And that sort of takes us to, in some ways, what is a new chapter or at least a chapter we haven't seen at Schwab for quite a number of years in terms of our ability to reward our owners. Right now were right on the cusp of being in a position to begin returning capital to our stockholders in a quite meaningful way. All of you know that our operating objective has been somewhere between 6.75% and 7% from a Tier 1 leverage ratio. And our capital levels have been fairly far above that in recent years, to some extent, due to the operating environment, improving rates. But also, we were quite mindful of crossing the $250 billion level last year in 2017. In addition, we've been using a fair amount of our capital that we've created in recent years to fund the growth of our balance sheet, but those needs are starting to wane. And so our board is, right now, deep in the process of analyzing options for the most effective way for us to leverage this excess capital we're creating and should create in quite meaningful levels as we move forward. So we're going to have more information for you on that development very, very soon. So let me just wrap up here. Virtuous cycle operating  our operating model is working exactly as it's intended. Our client-oriented, no trade-offs, competitive position never been stronger, as you can see in our asset flows as well as in our net TOA ratios. The opportunity in front of us domestically is quite large. 7% market share means that there's a lot of assets, a lot of clients, a lot of prospects out there looking at Schwab that we believe can become Schwab clients over time. We're on the cusp of expanding the role of capital returns in our financial model to benefit our stockholders. And at the same time, we look at that, we continue to deliver top line revenue growth. So now you're looking at a company that is combining both top line growth as well as robust capital returns to owners of Schwab stock. Again, we're quite excited and pleased to be able to share with you this information from Q3.  And Peter, I think, you're going to have even more information from a financial standpoint. So let me turn it over to you.
Peter Crawford: Alright, well thank you Walt and good morning everyone. So Walt talked about what we call the virtuous cycle and how well it worked in Q3 and over the course of 2018. In my time today, I'll dive deeper into the financial performance note of the wheel, sharing how our record business momentum that Walt talked about in the third quarter combined with a generally helpful macro environment led to record financial results as well. I'll also talk more about the balance sheet and capital management, a story, which as Walt mentioned, we're evolving as we near the end of sweep transfers. And finally, I'll share our thoughts in the fourth quarter and some very, very high-level thinking on 2019, recognizing, of course, that we're still working on our plans for the year. 2018 has definitely been a tumultuous year for investors; but on a whole, a positive one. On our winter business update, we communicated two different financial scenarios given the range of possible interest rate paths. And with the strength in the equity markets and the increase in both short-term and longer-term rates, conditions have on the whole been even better than our 3-hike scenario, with the equity market a bit ahead of our scenario at least until recently, three rate hikes now behind us and the prospects looking good for a fourth in December, longer-term rates finally rising and trading much stronger than we've anticipated.  Now while the Now while the macro environment has general provided us much appreciated tailwinds, our financial results would not have been possible without our continuous success in driving strong organic growth. I'll talk about our record core net new assets, enabled in part by robust transfers from our competitors. We're seeing momentum in both our Investor Services and Advisor Services businesses with both existing clients as well as prospects. You can see here a 24% increase in new-to-retail households with the majority under the age of 40; we enjoyed healthy growth in advised assets, which, of course, include both our Advisor Services business and our retail advisory assets; and an 18% increase year-over-year in end-of-period interest-earning assets. You've all had a chance to read the earnings release we shared on Monday. It was, as Walt mentioned, another remarkable quarter from a financial standpoint. We produced a 19% increase in revenue year-over-year, our 13th consecutive quarterly record. Revenue was boosted by both net interest revenue and trading, which more than offset a decline in asset management and admin fees due mostly to decline in Sweep Money Fund balances we transferred over to Bank Sweep. Expenses were up 11% year-over-year, a function of hiring we've done to support our growing client base and investments we've made to drive growth in the years ahead. With that 19% increase in revenue and 11% increase in expenses, our pretax profit, increased 29% year-over-year and our pretax profit margin jumped nearly four points from the third quarter of last year. And our return on equity hit 20%, the highest level in nine years. Turning our attention to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $272 billion in assets, thanks, in part, to $23 billion in transfers from Sweep Money Funds to Bank Sweep in the third quarter, bringing the total year-to-date transfers to $68 billion. We have another $33 billion remaining at Sweep Money Funds, and we expect a majority of that to be moved by the first half of 2019. And with that balance sheet growth, our Tier 1 leverage ratio ticked down to tenth of a point, remaining above our operating objective of 6.75% to 7%. And one of the questions we're frequently asked is about the increasing proportion of our revenue that comes from net interest revenue, and whether this is good or bad. From our perspective, there's no doubt that this trend has been a positive one. That is because cash has always been an important contributor to our revenue mix. We much prefer the relative stability and recurring nature of both asset management fees and net interest revenue versus the volatility of commission revenue. Utilizing our balance sheet to monetize our clients' un-invested cash has allowed us to establish that no trade-offs position that Walt referenced, enabling us to invest in a better experience for our clients even as we take steps to lower prices for investors. It also creates a sort of internal hedge since client cash allocations tend to rise with volatility or equity market weakness, meaning net interest revenue often grows more quickly as asset management falls and vice versa. So this focus on utilizing our balance sheet has enabled us to grow faster organically while avoiding the credit risk that other banks may take on and allowing us to produce returns on equity that are above 2x our cost of capital and the ROEs of other large cap financials. Now another question we are often asked is about our deposit betas. And as we said previously, we expect betas to generally be low and to edge up over time as interest rates increase. As you can see, deposit rates have been lower this cycle than in the last tightening cycle in 2004 to 2006. We have no reason to believe betas will be higher this time around, though, again, we do expect that it will increase a bit over time as rates rise. And while our betas have been lower than some of the traditional banks, that's the function of our retail versus institutional or commercial client base and of our segment and approach to meeting the needs of our clients. Meaning that by offering the option of purchase money funds, which essentially have a 100% beta, the client cash that remains on our balance sheet is less yield sensitive, and therefore, can have a lower beta. So if we combine those two products, our weighted average beta and client cash is probably around 60%, plus or minus, with some at 100% and some in the 20s and low 30s. Now a few thoughts as we look to the future. We continue to believe full year NIM will be in the high 220s and revenue growth in the mid to upper teens. On the expense side, in addition to the typical fourth quarter seasonality, we have made the decision to move forward on two onetime expenditures, and emphasis on onetime. First is to invest more in our marketing to capitalize on the strong momentum we have and the effectiveness of our no trade-offs no trade-offs positioning. And second is our recent announcement to give all nonofficers $2,000 in stock to award them for our outstanding year and help them become owners and investors as well. Even though it's roughly $60 million in added spending in the fourth quarter, we still expect to deliver 400 to 600 basis points of operating leverage for the year. For 2019, it's still early and there's a lot in flux, including expectations for interest rates, client activity, what happens in the equity market, et cetera, all of which will take into account as we develop our plan. Our current thinking is to prioritize investments that build on the cost advantage that Walt talked about, which is so important to our success. And as we do, it seems likely that the rate of spending growth will moderate from the level of the last few years, even as we continue driving strong business growth. Now turning our attention to capital and the balance sheet. We expect the balance sheet to grow by roughly 15% for the year. And as Walt mentioned, we'll be soon discussing with the board and already have been discussing with the board some options around enhanced capital returns. So stay tuned for that. Let me quickly summarize what you hopefully heard from both Walt and me today. First, strong business momentum, combined with a helpful environment, have produced record financial results even as we invested in growing the company and building on our cost advantage. Second, as we near the end of sweep transfers, capital return will likely become a more important piece of our financial equation, and something we'll be discussing in more details soon. Third, though we made the decision to greenlight some incremental Q4 spending, we still expect to achieve the 400 to 600 basis points of operating leverage that we outlined at the July business update. And fourth and finally, our priorities as we move forward should look pretty familiar, focusing on clients, focusing on what has made us successful and never settling. With that, let me turn it back to Rich for some Q&A.
Rich Fowler: All right. Thank you, gentlemen. Well done, once again. Let's plunge right in. We're going to follow the same practice as always. [Operator Instructions] Operator, do you want to start us off?
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] 
Rich Fowler: Shall we take our first caller?
Operator: And our first question comes from the line of Mike Carrier from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Mike Carrier: Alright thanks guys. Walt, maybe first one for you. You mentioned the net new assets, the transfer of assets, everything continues to be very strong Schwab. The competitive dynamics, it seems like it's starting to pick up again through the summer. So I just wanted to get your thoughts on how you kind of view Schwab's competitiveness in the industry and if you feel like there's any hurdles for kind of bringing in the customers given some of the competitive moves by some of your peers.
Walt Bettinger: Thanks, Mike. I think our view is really the same that we like our pricing position right now. And at the same time, as I've indicated in the past, we are committed to the idea that we will not have core competitors who go underneath us from a pricing standpoint in important areas. And so were pleased with our position right now. I dont believe that pricing is a barrier to clients or prospects coming to Schwab. I think the metrics bear that out. And at the same time, as you would expect, we monitor on an ongoing and very regular basis whether any competitor  core competitor makes changes that are things that we feel would change that current dynamic.
Mike Carrier: Okay. Thanks. And then, Peter, maybe just one for you. Given what you guys have been investing, some of the investments in infrastructure and kind of improving like the cost structure, just wanted to get your sense, when we look at that EOCA or the expense per client assets, what initiatives are in place that can continue to lower that, particularly if we see more competition in the industry or more pressure on the revenue side?
Peter Crawford: Sure. So thanks, Mike. So driving down EOCA, expense on client assets, as Walt mentioned, is a really important imperative for us and something we have a track record of having done for many decades now. And the way that you do that is really three things. One is you grow assets, allowing you to amortize your fixed costs over a larger client base. Second is you operate with discipline and prioritization. And third is you make investments on an ongoing basis that improve the productivity and efficiency and/or move friction. I think a couple of things that Walt highlighted earlier are some of the big initiatives that Im very excited about in terms of what they can do in terms of continuing to reduce cost, while at the same time, improving the experience for our clients because what we dont want to do is remove cost at the expense of our clients. But Id highlight something like our digital transformation, which I dont use that word, that transformation word lightly. I do think that can be a transformation. When you consider the number of calls, for example, that we take every year that are password resets or status updates, if we can eliminate the need for clients to have to call for that or allow them to do that on their mobile device, on schwab.com, eliminate that call, thats better for the client and its better for us as well because thats a call we dont have to take. We can use that time talking to them about something else. Application modernization creates a more scalable infrastructure and a lower cost infrastructure over time. Were doing a lot of work on business process transformation, straight-through processing in our operations area. Theres a lot of technology now that we are leveraging to try to remove friction and, again, lower the cost to serving clients but in a way that has ended up being good for the clients as well.
Mike Carrier: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rich Repetto [Sandler O'Neill]. Your line is open.
Rich Repetto: Good morning, Walt. Good morning, Peter. So I guess, Im hearing an echo here, but thats okay. So the first  the question I hear most often, Walt and Peter, is that how will Schwab going to grow the bank balance sheet. And youre in a good position where interest rate hikes help, but cash is leaving. And one investor estimated its $10 billion to $15 million leaving each rate hike. So I guess, given that sweeps are now limited to that $33 billion that are left, and I totally get the NNA growth, but how do you grow the bank balance sheet and to offset, I guess, the headwind of cash leaving with the rate hikes?
Peter Crawford: Yes. Thanks for the question, Rich. And let me maybe just take a step back and provide a little more perspective on whats going on with the balance sheet and cash dynamics because I know its been the subject of a lot of questions and a lot of commentary and say that whats been happening, whats been unfolding this year in 2018 is very much consistent with our expectations. If you go back to our February business update, we talked about we expected at least 15% balance sheet growth over the course of 2018. And we did that contemplating only a single Fed increase and relatively modest market appreciation. And of course, the year has unfolded a bit differently than that with three,  nearly four rate increases and the equity markets being pretty much a straight line up from March through the end of September. So a very, I would say, conducive environment for investors to get invested, to be engaged in the market. And despite all that, were at 12% balance sheet growth through the third quarter. Well have to see what happens in the fourth quarter, but were pretty close to those assumptions that we had, those expectations we communicated back in February. Whats really important to us is to make sure that, that cash is staying at Schwab. And were seeing that. Were seeing that on our net new assets. Were seeing that in our transfers to and from some of the online banks that are out there. And that maybe is a bit different than what you might see in a traditional bank where they dont really have another place for that cash. And whats happening here is a couple of things. One is clients are reassessing their asset allocation in light of what theyre seeing happening in the market. And second is theres sort of a sorting process going on where clients are sorting their investment versus transaction cash. Over the last 10 years, those have gotten kind of co-mingled and now putting those into different buckets, and for the transaction cash, leaving that on the balance sheet; and for the investment cash, putting that to work. This is something we absolutely want them to do. We actually do a lot of things to help them do that. While that may be less economic for us in the short term, having an engaged client, an informed client, an invested client, a client that is putting their money to work, improves the odds of their success, and thats a client that were going to keep for their lifetime. So this is something were encouraging. We reach out to those clients in multiple ways to help make that happen. So this can take  well see  at some point, these cash balances will settle out if you look at history and recent equilibrium, and then they should grow consistent with our growth in total client assets and our growth in accounts. And thats where our strength is as a premier asset gatherer  the premier asset gatherer, the asset-gathering machine that Walt talked about and others have talked about should translate into growth in the balance sheet. 1Id tell you just one other point, which is that to the extent that investors are choosing to move off balance sheet with their cash, that frees up capital. And thats capital that creates capacity for us to do more capital returns to our stockholders. And so more balance sheet growth means probably a little bit less in capital return. Less balance sheet growth means more opportunities for capital return, allowing us to reward our shareholders or our stockholders one way or the other.
Rich Repetto: Got it. Thats very helpful how you look at that balance, Peter. So I guess, the follow-up question, Walt, in the slides, you talked about how important net interest  or the percentage of revenue, especially cash, the cash portion of it when you include money markets. So I guess, would you  I guess, the question is would you ever entertain  its an M&A question. Would you ever entertain M&A that helps you grow the balance sheet and helps you grow cash? Is that one of the areas that you look at as a potential opportunity?
Walt Bettinger: Rich, I think our philosophy on M&A is consistent, which is we look at every opportunity that may present itself. We do have a fairly high threshold for serious consideration. And often, it revolves around strategic capabilities that help clients. Acquisitions that are pure balance sheet oriented or financial engineering oriented, and Im not sure that thats what youre referring to, but those types of acquisitions probably fall pretty far down the list in terms of things that we would give serious consideration to.
Rich Repetto: Got it. Thank you thats very helpful thanks.
Rich Fowler: Operator, were going to take one from the webcast for a second here before going back to call. Just to follow on, on the thinking around pricing. Well, we do get asked versions of this. So given the philosophy is not being  not being undercut or not allowing things to get in the way of people choosing Schwab, is it possible that we could see a fee-free mutual fund or ETF from Schwab in the not-too-distant future?
Walt Bettinger: Yes. So I think its  I mean, theres a question of the relevancy of fee free. The difference between 2 or 3 basis points and zero is pretty small. That said, we know that theres at least one competitor with a "free or at least zero operating expense ratio fund" out there. And well continue to study it and watch carefully how clients feel about something that is categorized as free. We all know that every company that is for-profit is in the business of serving clients in the best way they can and making money. And so we are very careful in studying how clients feel about that in the day and age we operate in and of transparency and clarity with clients.
Rich Fowler: Thanks, Walt. Can we go back to the next call?
Operator: Thank you. And your next question is from the line of Devin Ryan [JMP Securities]. Your line is now open.
Devin Ryan: Great. Thanks and good morning. Just first one here on the comments around spending growth moderating in 2019. I guess, you should think about that. Should we still be contemplating a relationship between revenues and expenses? So essentially, if the revenue environment were to improve more than expected, then hypothetically, that could still pull expenses higher? Or is it really just an absolute drop in expenses year-over-year as you try to think about the relationship given that its normally a band?
Peter Crawford: So Devin, I know there's probably a lot of eagerness to talk about 2019 in more detail. And I would say, we'll talk about that in more detail at the winter business update in February. And I do want to clarify, make sure it's clear what I said. What I was talking about was not necessarily a spending cut, but a moderation in the increase in our spending levels versus if you look at the last three years, our spending  our annual increase in expenses has been sort of 11-ish percent. I'm talking about there's a likely moderation of that level heading into  we're looking at it heading into 2019. But again, in terms of the exact  how that might flex or not flex with the environment, as we talked about back in this last February, I'll have tell you  you ought to show up in San Francisco in February to get more details on that.
Devin Ryan: Okay, great. And then just a follow-up kind of on the conversation around competition and appreciate some of the comments. Obviously, the cadence of pricing actions have been accelerating, and a lot of focus is being put on something that's free or zero, whether it be commissions or investment product fees. And there's clearly offerings that are at those price points and you're not necessarily at that for all of them. So is this something where the value of the holistic relationship where Schwab is maybe getting overlooked? And are there ways to, I guess, add new ways to monetize the relationship outside of just that maybe commoditized or more commoditized element, whether it be in trading or certain types of investment product fees?
Walt Bettinger: Yes. Interesting there, Devin, and good question. I guess, first thing I would say is I don't know that it's being overlooked when you look at the flows that are occurring as well as the competitive position we have on TOAs. I think the consumer understands that there is nothing free. If it's free trading, it's being made up probably somewhere execution quality or other factors. Free investment funds might be being made up, sort of the typical grocery discount, the milk to some more bread-type thing. And even on our side where we offer intelligent portfolios without an investment advisory fee, we're very clear on all our disclosures that we generate revenue from some of the underlying exchange traded funds as well as the cash holding within those portfolios that that's the way that we generate revenue in the program that doesn't have advisory fees. I think consumers are pretty sophisticated for the most part. That's not to say every consumer. But consumers, for the most part, are pretty sophisticated in understanding that they're going to pay for things one way or another. It's a matter of how they choose to do so. And I think our organic growth results are a reflection that we're at a pretty nice point in terms of finding the right balances here.
Devin Ryan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Brian Bedell. [Deutsche Bank] Your line is now open.
Brian Bedell: Great, thanks. Good morning folks. Maybe just to go back to the balance sheet side and the bulk transfer activity. Just, Peter, if you can  you alluded to this on the last business update in terms of the process that, obviously, you're going to be slowing down the pace of that over the next couple of quarters. And you mentioned the timing of that and I think the need to make sure that clients were getting a better yield on their cash. So can you just talk a little bit more about what your thought process is around  in the next one to two quarters for those clients that are getting swept from the 150 basis point or so sweep money market funds to a 30 basis point deposit rate? To what extent are you reaching out to those clients to get them to have a better yield on that cash and sort of threshold for that  for who you would reach out given that?
Peter Crawford: Sure. So first, on the timing, our expectation is that we'll probably do about a few billion dollars of transfers in October and then likely pause in November and December just given the end of the year volumes and our client activity until early 2019. In terms of the process, it's a process that is  we definitely try to engage those clients in a conversation. It has proven to be, with many of our clients, a really good catalyst to have a conversation with them about their  about why they have that cash, how they're invested, what their financial goals are and so forth. We do written communications to them that are very transparent and upfront about their alternatives, about what's happening to them and about the alternatives if they are seeking higher yield. And then if they're working on the retail side, they're working with the financial consultants, the financial consultant will try to reach out to them and talk to them about  having a live conversation with them about that as well. On the adviser side of the business, of course, we don't talk to the end clients there, but we do talk to the advisers about it and make sure they understand what's happening. And typically, with the advisers, we typically try to move all the advisers account at the same time from an operational standpoint so  to make it easier for them.
Brian Bedell: So this process is ongoing, say, as opposed to sort of almost concluding? Or do you expect to continue to do this type of activity for the next few quarters?
Peter Crawford: So it's not like it  yes, it's not like we contacted them just a day ahead of the transfer. It is a process. We talk to them ahead of the transfer as the transfer is happening, and then many of these clients we're talking with on an ongoing basis as well just as part of the overall relationship with the client.
Brian Bedell: Right, right. Okay. And then just on the  back to sort of the competitive disruption that we've seen this summer, maybe just more to the point. Obviously, JPMorgan came out with somewhat of a disruptive online trading rate. It looks like it was mostly targeted at keeping Chase customers internal to their franchise and growing that internally. Maybe if you can talk about have you seen any impact to your transfer account activity in September and October as a result of that? Or do you think this is  I think, Walt, you initially said  do you maybe not view this as a "core competitor," therefore, it wouldn't influence your view on trade pricing behavior?
Walt Bettinger: Yes. I don't know that I'd categorize anything that has occurred over the summer from any firms as really disruptive. I think whether it is pricing on funds or pricing on trading, trading with a zero trade cost or a temporary number of free trades for new clients or free trades for a year or if you maintain a certain amount of cash balances, you get free trades, I mean, that's been in our industry for years. So I don't know that I'd categorize anything that I've seen as disruptive. I don't really comment on individual competitors. We have respect for all of our competitors and pay close attention to everyone, small and large.
Brian Bedell: Right, okay. And then just on pricing in the future. I guess, you have been disruptive yourself in terms of trade price cuts. Is that something you still view as sort of a weapon and a competitive tool kit? And I guess, your organic growth is strong right now. The last move really did accelerate it dramatically. Would you wait until your organic growth ease to do that again? Or was that something you think you could do more in the near term?
Walt Bettinger: Well, since we know there's no competitors on the phone, I can answer that directly. But I think the moves that we made in early 2017, we were removing a barrier to people coming to Schwab. When we had core competitors consistently priced underneath our commission rate, that was a barrier because we know that switchers in our industry struggle at the outset of a decision where to move their money to, and so the differentiation between firms. So therefore, they often default something as simplistic as commission rates. So I think the organic  the step-up in organic growth rate that you're referring to after the commission price changes in early 2017 was more a reflection of us just simply removing that barrier. I think everyone in the industry will probably look long and hard at additional pricing moves as to whether others will simply match and ensure that no gap is created again in the future, and therefore, have to evaluate whether there is market share gains to be achieved by that, whether that's us or anyone we compete with.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks for the additional color.
Rich Fowler: Thanks, Brian. All right. Next call.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Vincent Hung [Autonomous Research]. Your line is now open.
Vincent Hung: We talked a lot about competition on pricing, et cetera. And it seems to have manifested through commissions, commission-free ETFs, account minimums and all that stuff, but I haven't really seen any movement in things like intro benefits. Have you thought about competing for new accounts through higher intro offers, et cetera?
Walt Bettinger: That's always been an area of competition, Vincent, where incentives are offered to new clients around possible cash or free trades. It's certainly not something that we necessarily like because it's not an ideal way to build a long-term relationship with a client. Unfortunately, I would say, in some ways, promotions like that work. And so therefore, as long as they are commonly utilized in the industry, it's difficult to take a hard stand that we're not going to have similar types of promotional offers. But they are inconsistent with our long-term approach of building trust-based relationships with clients.
Vincent Hung: Got it. And any indication of cash levels in October just given the recent market selloff?
Peter Crawford: No, it's really too early to tell. I mean, we see  when the markets sell off in that day, we typically see clients moving their cash. And then the markets rally and they get invested again. So its really too early to tell. What weve typically seen in the past is it takes a bit more of a pronounced market sell-off, sort of a 10% kind of correction that really compels clients to rethink their asset allocation and move in a more significant way into cash.
Vincent Hung: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jeremy Campbell [Barclays Bank]. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Campbell: Hey, thanks guys. So I think you guys have previously mentioned that the advisory channel keeps somewhere between like around the high single digit kind of client cash allocation. Original channel is probably more like mid to high teens. But I think theres this idea floating out there that most of the advisory cash is kind of migrating to money funds versus deposits. Can you just kind of comment at all about the proportion of cash versus money funds in the two channels and maybe kind of your understanding of adviser rationale for using one versus the other.
Walt Bettinger: So good question, Jeremy. The adviser probably is more diligent at moving longer-term cash into higher-yielding investments, whether it be purchased money funds, bonds, treasuries, things of that nature. But the reality is advisers need liquid cash also. And in general, it has averaged somewhere around half of the overall client cash balances that are as hold. They need it for everything, from transactions they have going on. Their clients are spending some of the money they have, of course, particularly those who are retired or close to retirement. They need it for the collection of their own advisory fees. So the notion that, that 50-50 type ratio is either broken down or no longer applicable is just simply not correct. That ratio is generally holding true.
Jeremy Campbell: Great. And then just on a big-picture perspective, I think you guys had done a study a while back where you thought I think maybe  from remembering correctly, like two thirds of your kind of cash  overall cash balances may be in the deposit side and one third may be in the money funds side. Do you guys still feel like that might hold up? Or has that changed over time?
Peter Crawford: Yes. So we have nothing that suggest that, that wont hold up in the future. It may take us a bit of time to get to that equilibrium state, if you will, but that has been historically the ratio. And I dont think theres anything to suggest that it wont be the same this time around.
Jeremy Campbell: Great. Thanks a lot.
Rich Fowler: Okay. Lets take another question from the webcast. We havent had a question like this actually for a while, interesting. So would we expect our group of core competitors to remain relatively unchanged going forward? Or what do we think about new entrants potentially moving in overtime.
Walt Bettinger: Yes. So I mean, time will tell, of course, right? But it isnt easy in our industry to move, I would say, into what we consider that core competitor group because theres a very small number of investment firms that really serve $1 trillion or more of client assets. Theres certainly large organizations or large institutions that would like to get into that core competitor space that may have a lot of other assets. But to really move into that grouping and investment services is a pretty high hurdle. And so that group of core competitors probably doesnt change very often.
Rich Fowler: All right, thank you. So lets go back to the calls.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Steven Chubak [Wolfe Research, LLC]. Your line is now open.
Steven Chubak: Hi guys, good morning. So I wanted to follow up just on the discussion around organic cash growth. And Peter, given expectations for rates to continue to run higher from here, the uptick you described in terms of yield-seeking behavior, is there a catalyst that you see that can help spur positive organic cash growth outside of a sustained market correction? And how should we maybe be thinking about the impact of equity market sensitivity on the other parts of your business?
Peter Crawford: So I mean the catalyst for stronger balance sheet growth is growth in our core business. Its growth in our assets. Its bringing on accounts. Its bringing on new assets, bringing on new clients. That, over the long term, that is what we believe, and history would suggest that, that is what drives balance sheet growth. And those two tend to move concurrently. In terms of the near term, how that evolves over the next months, quarters, I think time will tell. As I mentioned, we see an equity market correction. In the past, its been sort of in the 10% range. That tends to be the kind of thing that moves clients more heavily into cash. I want to make sure I emphasize a little bit, the rate increases  Fed increases are still a meaningful positive for us. Theres still a meaningful revenue lift associated with each subsequent Fed increase. The lift may be a bit less than what that number we communicated two, three years ago, but its still quite meaningful. And so wed certainly view that as a positive.
Steven Chubak: Okay. And along those same lines, as we start to think about the excess capital that youre building, especially if the balance sheet growth begins to slow, I know youve managed longer term that 6.75%, 7% target. Now the balance sheet is considerably larger. Im just wondering in the event that we do see a market correction, do you have to tweak some of those targets to maybe account for additional cushion have significant amount of cash have to move back on balance sheet.
Peter Crawford: Yes. So its a great question and one we get a lot and certainly one I think about quite often. And the short answer is, no, we dont have to rethink those targets because those targets themselves build in cushion. I mean, as you know, those are well above the regulatory minimums, and theyre actually well above our internal limit that we have for our capital levels. Even operating at that 7%, even going down to 6.75% would allow us to  obviously to add another, what, with our company four percentage points in balances. We also have the opportunity to access the preferred market. We target 15% to 20% preferred to total capital. Weve been running at the lower end of that range. We could bump that up closer to that 20% level in an environment where we needed to have more capital. And then we have a mechanism. If we see a significant market correction and a huge lot of cash onto the balance sheet, we do have kind of a release valve that essentially will allow us to move some of that cash back on into money funds. And again, thats something well only do in an emergency situation, but that allows us to manage that  at that 6.75% to 7% level.
Steven Chubak: Its great. Thanks very much for taking my question.
Rich Fowler: Okay. Next call.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Craig Siegenthaler [Credit Suisse AG]. Your line is now open.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey, good morning Walt, Peter.
Peter Crawford: Hi Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: I just wanted to dig a little deeper on the free fund or ETF question. Why wouldnt you launch a new free index fund that is only available on the Schwab platform? I just dont see any big issues with that strategy. But I think there are obvious issues with a free ETF can be purchased at your competitors or maybe by cutting fees on your existing products. But launching a new product wouldnt have those issues if it was only available to Schwab clients.
Walter Bettinger: I didnt say we wouldnt. I just said that, that was something that we are studying and looking to understand client reaction to and where it would fit. You accurately identified some of the complexities around  being done in the ETF space. And I think this is one of those things that were looking at very carefully, and well make a decision potentially to do so or not over the coming months. I think the point I just want to make is that the delta between two or three basis points and zero is really, really small. And so to do a free  free is not the right word. To do a zero operating expense mutual fund or mutual funds is really a different strategy. Its really sort of a strategy to entice people with something and then hope that you monetize that relationship in other ways. That was the only point I was trying to make.
Craig Siegenthaler: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Rich Fowler : Okay. Lets go to the next call.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Chris Shutler [William Blair]. Your line is now open.
Chris Shutler: Hey guys, good morning. Maybe if we assume stable NIM, assume kind of flat markets going forward, I mean, how do you think about the long-term sustainable revenue growth and kind of margin expansion profile at Schwab? Just thinking about the long- term growth rate of the business, were increasingly getting that question.
Peter Crawford: So I do think  I think in terms of long- term growth rate, the business is going to be dependent on organic growth rate. Were growing organically at 7% as well as continuing to find ways to monetize the relationship with our clients. I mean, it's not like net interest revenue is the only way that we monetize those client relationships. If you look at the graph that was in the business update, the proportion of our revenue that comes from asset management fees, ex money funds, has actually gone up. I think there's a lot of opportunity within the advice opportunity and as an example. So we believe there's definitely meaningful ways to grow revenue, keep  maintain our discipline and grow expenses at a lower level than revenue, which allows us to grow earnings; and through continued ongoing capital return, drive very attractive returns for our shareholders over time even in an environment that might be characterized by flat interest rates and sort of the typical long-term equity market appreciation.
Chris Shutler: Okay, thanks. And then the marketing cost, the extra, I think, $25 million or so in the fourth quarter, what's that going to revolve around, what products? Just any more detail there.
Peter Crawford: So, it's really around a lot of  basically, it's around what works. The wonderful thing about marketing, four, five years ago, if the CMO, Chief Marketing Officer, came to me and said, he wants another million dollars, I'd have to sort of take it on face that, that was actually going to have a good ROI. Nowadays, we have a lot of analytics that show that, that is a very positive NPV, high IRR investment. And we're able to very much target the marketing to the channels, the messages and the audience that we want to make sure we maximize that lift, if you will, and maximize that payback for it. So it really is around what works. There's a lot of heavy focus on digital since that's worked very, very well. That's an increasing portion of our overall marketing mix. But it's not necessarily a particular product or a particular channel or anything like that.
Chris Shutler: Perfect, thank you.
Rich Fowler: Okay. Operator, I'm going to take one last from the webcast. And then we'll probably have time for one last from the callers. The question on hand, "Is there anything we're actively doing to prepare the firm for a market downturn? Are we prepared to take advantage of a down cycle to create excess value for customers and stockholders?" I'm going to add on to that. The questions that we will  we also get fairly frequently kind of along these lines are, as we think about  whether or not it's actually happening, as we get deeper into a cycle, maybe closer to the end of cycles, do we think about changing we'll call it, risk parameters, for example, going further out in duration or credit or et cetera to try to further optimize returns as a way of sort of hanging on to that as we  again, as we say, sort of get deeper into the cycle. So your thoughts on that?
Walt Bettinger: So, we recognize that when you're in a strongly  strong positive environment like you're in now, it lifts all boats. And that's also I think in part why you've seen some of the pricing moves in recent months. But as we know, companies separate themselves from a market share standpoint usually in difficult times. And at Schwab, we have a long history from a risk management standpoint of being very diligent, very careful. We know what our balance sheet, it's OPM. As we like to say, it's other people's money. And so we continue to invest very conservatively with approximately 70% of our balance sheet in U.S. treasuries and government-backed paper. We think we're positioned to withstand a downturn well. And my assumption will be if we go into a downturn, that is when Schwab tends to really shine. And we will put our foot on the accelerator at that point in time to take advantage of possible competitor missteps that they may have gotten themselves positioned into during these much stronger environments. From a client standpoint, it's really all about diversification and helping ensure clients are thoughtful in the way they invest, not just investing in what is the hot thing of the day. We're a long-term investment services firm provider. The RIAs we serve take long-term views, and I think that positions our clients well from their perspective for potential downturn. Peter, do you have anything you might want to add to that?
Peter Crawford: Yes. Maybe just to add, and Rich asked a little bit about duration and our asset/liability management and why we've changed that at all. And all I'd say is we're not in a business that would try to make a market call and time the market around what's happening with interest rates or the expectations around interest rates. What I could see us doing at some point, once sort of this whole cash settles out and we get to kind of an equilibrium is taking a look at the duration profile of Bank Sweep and think what that looks like and maybe that's an opportunity to extend duration or to adjust our profile a bit on the margin. But in terms of actively managing that through the cycle, I don't think that's something that we're going to be looking too hard at.
Rich Fowler: All right. Thank you. So, lets go to our final call.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question is from the line of Bill Katz [Citigroup]. Your line is now open.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thanks very much for taking the question. So, coming back to your sort of preliminary view for expenses for 2019, thank you for that. Obviously, haven't sort of put together the sort of revenue framework quite yet, but does that infer a little more flexibility even if you have a little bit of moderation in the absolute level of spend? Kind of assume you have some baseline view for revenue growth to get to that moderation of the elevated expense growth.
Peter Crawford: So, Bill, I wouldn't infer that necessarily. I wouldn't make any statements or any  draw any conclusions around what that means from a revenue growth standpoint. We're still working on that. As I mentioned, there's still a lot in flux. We tend to set our plan in January and get it approved by the board in January and then share it with you in February. And there's a lot that changes between now and then. So we'll be coming back with you in more detail around what that looks like. And I hate to have to tell you to hold tight for a couple of months, but I'm afraid that's where we are.
Bill Katz: Okay. I appreciate that. And just a follow-up question around capital management. So you laid out in one of your charts a bunch of things that you're considering. Is that a ranked order of priorities? And the broader question I have is, how do you think about the business mix at this end of the rate cycle? So to come at it the other way is when we look at your slide, and we've talked about you getting things from spread has come up a little bit, but also asset management trading, are you at a point now strategically where you might look to broaden out the asset management revenues through acquisition to maybe counterbalance just the flattening of NII from here?
Peter Crawford: So, yes, the priority is from my capital management standpoint are to use capital to fund and support the growth, the core business. That is our top priority from a capital standpoint. Always has been and will continue to be that way. To the extent that we have capital left over, that's when we look to return that to stockholders. This doesn't suggest any difference from an M&A strategy. It's not like we've got money burning a hole in our pocket and then we're saying let's go buy something. We've got nothing else to do with it. We are still  we'll maintain our discipline, our very, very selective approach to M&A and thinking about whether it's good strategically, as it's financially and so forth.
Rich Fowler: Peter, I think it's fair to say we weren't trying to suggest that between regular dividend, a fifth or a discretionary-type dividend and buybacks that there was any particular ranking and precedence on that front, is that right?
Peter Crawford: Sorry, thats correct. I mean were looking at all of those and taking a look at all of those methods of capital return and figure out the exact optimal mix, and that's what were talking about with the board.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you very much.
Rich Fowler: All right. Thanks, Bill. All right. So, were going to turn off Q&A and turn it back to Peter for some final thoughts.
Peter Crawford: Great. Well, thanks everyone, for your time today, and I appreciate your questions and we appreciate you tuning in. And I know there's been certainly a lot of  a number of questions about the balance sheet and cash and so forth. And rest assured, these are the dynamics that we're following, and we're quite confident they will sort themselves out over time. And hopefully, what you'll see as they do is that this is a company that has never performed better. Our strategy is working exactly as intended, producing really strong business momentum and really strong financial results. That our competitive position has never been better, as indicated by the transfer, or the TOA ratio, that Walt talked about and our ability to continue to widen the moat and build on our competitive advantages. And we have a lot of opportunity in front of us. There's still a lot of clients out there that will be a lot better of  a lot of investors, I should say, out there, which would be a lot better off working with Schwab. And the capital return will be an increasingly important part of the financial equation and something we'll be talking about soon. So we look forward to see you all in person, hopefully, in February and sharing more details on 2019. And until then, thanks very much.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-24 06:03:14) =====
Executives: Rich Fowler - SVP, IR Walter Bettinger - President & CEO Joseph Martinetto - CFO
Analysts: Richard Repetto -  Christopher Shutler -  Brian Bedell -  Douglas Mewhirter -  Chris Harris -  Kenneth Worthington -  Conor Fitzgerald - 
Rich Fowler: Good morning everyone, welcome to the Spring 2016 Schwab business update. This is Rich Fowler, Head of Investor Relations for Schwab coming to you as always from beautiful, but currently a little rainy San Francisco. Thanks for joining us at the end of a very busy week, with me here in the studio are Joe Martinetto; our CFO; and Walter Bettinger, our President and CEO. Per our usual practice with these interim updates, well spend a focused hour with these two sharing their perspectives on life of Schwab right now. Starting off with some prepared comments and following up with the Q&A until its time to wrap. I think we had a pretty straightforward quarter and I think this will see like a very straightforward update although Professor Martinetto will inevitably have at least one or two technical details to walk us through. Walt is going to start us off, but lets spend a minute on the ever important forward-looking statement page, the main point of which as always is to remind us that things will never turn out different than we think, so please stay in touch with us as we update our disclosures through the course of the year. Lets cover the dial-in, in case we get bumped off or you need to make a note of that. There it is upon the screen. Lets cover questions, as usual well do so via the webcast council as well as the dial-in and when we start the Q&A session, well ask the operator to remind us how the process works. And with that I think were ready to get going. So Walt, please take it away.
Walter Bettinger: Thank you Rich, good morning everyone, thanks for joining us, investing a bit of time with us this morning to go through our Q1. We continued to execute on our strategy, long term strategy during the first quarter and our financial benefits began to illustrate some separation between Schwab and other investments, overseas firms are 16% revenue growth, 36% net income growth clearly stood out. But as always, our focus is on serving our existing clients as well as striving to add hundreds of thousands of new clients each year. Now certainly, as the environment involves whether its due technology evolving client expectations are even regulatory changes, we feel confident that we remain ideally positioned. So, its definitely evolve to core for our clients, we know what happened the market plunged early in the quarter and then it rebounded sharply. And as one might expect during a quarter like that or client did tend to trade a bit more then might in a period with less volatility. Interestingly, client cash balances remained relatively consistent, they grew pretty much in proportion to organic overall client growth that indicating, I think, the clients really didnt panic even during that first half of the last quarter. We continued our focus on expanding our planning capabilities with clients, we completed about 35% more financial plans for our clients and we did in the same period a year ago and also continued to grow the number of our clients who are enrolling in our advisory solutions. And our core, finally our client base continue to grow during the quarter we reached almost $10 million in active brokerage accounts and were claiming our way I guess, inching our way off late toward the $2.6 trillion asset level as our core net new assets exceeded $30 billion during the quarter. So, going a little bit deeper into a couple of areas of priorities, Schwab Intelligent Portfolios continued its strong growth and new-to-firm households also continued expanding their usage. During the first quarter new-to-firm assets made up about a third of all the new investment dollars that moved in Schwab Intelligent Portfolios. We also began making some planned investments in our strategy of expanding our financial consultant and branch population, made about 25 new hires during the quarter in those areas. Our independent branches remained a very effort, we averaged over $30 million in net new assets per active branch last year that far exceeds the expectations we had put together in our original business plan and I would assume that as the potential environment improves over the coming years this would be an area that you would see us ramp up investment given the outstanding results in the independent branches and their ability to attract new-to-firm clients. And then, last just Ill touch on our bundled 401K unit, they completed a multiyear effort to consolidate platforms, so were now down to a single recordkeeping system. They also experienced some solid market place results recently with significant new business wins as well as some conversions into our ETF 401K program. So, one of the big topic certainly that I would imagine all of you are interested in and we spent a lot of time on, is the Department of Labor final regulations on fiduciary standards. Weve been long time supporters of the notion that when an investor is paying a firm for investment advice, the client should have both clarity as well as transparency in what theyre paying and the advice should be in their best interest. With respect to the regulations there is still lot of work to do analyzing the many pages that are in the regulations, but I think there are two headlines that seem apparent as the regulations specifically applies to Schwab. The first one is that we don't expect these changes to have a meaningful negative impact on our business and there is some potential for positive benefit although I think we are fairly cautious around that. And the second is that we don't anticipate any meaningful financial impact on our results from the regulation we have been actually planning for this for a number of months with internal teams well back into 2015 and so we had build our 2015 as well as our 2016 financial plans with appropriate budget to be able to ensure compliance with the new department of labor regulations. When it comes to words, I think all of us in the industry probably take third party awards and recognition with a respectful grain of salt. But we are particularly pleased with J.D. Power recently rating us number one overall in the industry in 2016 for highest investor satisfaction with full service brokerage firms, I think it's rather remarkable achievement when one considers our roots as America's largest discount broker. And of course, we were the 2015 recipient from J. D. Power in the same category, but for self directed investors so at least for couple more weeks I guess we are rated number one in both full service and self directed we will see how the self directed results end up when they come out later. So, just in summary for my section we continue to execute on our long term strategy, we believe that it's the combination of relationships, technology and value that's going to continue to drive organic growth from individual investors, advisers as well as corporate benefit plan sponsors. We are excited about the positioning where we are. We believe we are placed right where the puck is going and the Department of Labor regulations don't jeopardize that positioning and we continue to spend a fair amount of time planning for much more aggressive competitive actions as we hopefully get a slightly improving interest rate environment over the next few years. So let me stop there and Joe, turn it over to you.
Joseph Martinetto: Great, thanks Walt. So, as running through the list of things that we usually talk about at the start of these events and I realize that there was a lot of bad news, so Rich may have called this a top down day and he might have been willing to drive with the top down, I had to go back upstairs and get an umbrella for the walk to the office this morning. The giants last yesterday, the warriors lost last night. And on top of all of that probably worse news for the investment community in all of this for those of you who don't know Chelsea has decided to leave the workforce and stay home with their family for a while so for the folks who deal with our investor relationship department for the rest of this year is the big loss and I am sure we are all going to feel thing for her years of helping service here. But tough news for all of us here so it's a really good thing that we had a good quarter to talk about. It also would have been kind of an ugly morning. So we will spend some time talking about Q1 and it feels like we have been talking about what would happen when interest rates moved up forever it's nice to finally have a quarter where we can talk about what happened when interest rates moved up and demonstrate that we are delivering on the power of the model that we have been talking about for so long. We will spend some time talking about the outlook for the rest of the year and then some of the things that we are doing around balance sheet and capital management. So lets jump right into some of the details. When we start parsing the interest rates story as always it hits us in a couple of different ways first in money fund revenues you can see that they were up pretty dramatically versus where they have been running in Q1 and we still expect that we will see some lift in money fund revenues as we move into Q2 from the last rate increases those portfolios continue to re-price. We are a little bit imprecise in our estimate here for Q2 for those of you who followed the details whats going on in the money markets, the SIFMA rate so the index that muni money funds are tied to has been moving around a bit. It had been tagged to zero for a number of months as we got into refunding season it has jumped up into the 40 basis points area as we get through tax season and all the municipalities get their receipt we may see a little pressure come up off of that market. But, we will have to watch how that all develops but for now we are saying we would expect to see money fund revenues up $20 million to $25 million in Q2 over Q1 so that's not anticipating further moves that's really just getting the final re-pricing out of whats already happened to the marketplace. Moving over to net interest revenue you can see that we have also experienced the firm lift in our net interest margin and we reported 1.73% net interest margin in Q1. Net interest revenue was also up solidly 31% year-over-year based on the lift on the net interest margin as well as lift in balances. The net interest margin we talked about some range on whats happening with money funds it's even a little harder to predict whats going on with net interest revenue for variety of reasons, for years we have talked about what would happen if we got a parallel shift in the curve of course as we have started to see rates come up we haven't seen that parallel shift in the curve. So, for a variety of reasons if we stay without a staid move for the remainder of the year we would expect the average NIM for the year to be about where we were in Q1. If we get a rate increase in the middle of the year as our base line scenario anticipated we would expect to move up a few basis points from where we are in Q1 on average over the year. Now again, they are talking about a move in midyear not a move now. So we will already have about half of the year on the books at the lower level of net interest margin that will work against the average for the full year. We are not anticipating when we talk about a rate rise that we will get a parallel shift in the curve. So, we are expecting at this point that we will get movement out of the short end, but not necessarily out of the long into the curve so that will help to restrain some of what lift we might experience. In that forecast we have also embedded that we would begin to pass some of the rate increase on to our clients in the form of higher rates on their cash balances. I would, we may have been a little conservative in terms of what the competitive dynamics is going to require us to do to the extent that that's not required in the marketplace, we may have a little bit upside there is another factor that I will talk about in the couple of slides here that we are also using some short term borrowings to try to bridge our way through some balance sheet transitions that are happening related to money fund reform again into little bit more detail on that in a couple of pages here. So, as we pull all this together and look at the results in Q1, all three of the revenue lines were up, the asset management and fee line was up 9% helped predominately by what happened with those money fund fees little bit of pressure based on active market evaluation meant the majority of Q1 below were we ended the year, but the money fund fee lift was enough to offset that. We talked about net interest revenue, trading was also up 2% so when we rolled it all up the revenues were up 16%, expenses were only up 6% that was a little bit less than we had actually thought we were going to spend in Q1. So I would say we were probably the little bit better based on trading revenue. We were a little bit better based on expenses so if we put all together in Q1 came out a little bit better than we expected. As Walt mentioned net income was up 36% pre-tax profit margin was a little over 37% up almost 5.5% percentage points year-over-year. ROE at 13%, I would note that those were record revenues for the quarter and record Q1 earning. So again, really good results in Q1. Moving on to the balance sheet, we saw deposits grow to $136 billion, we did $1.4 billion in bulk transfers to help increase that balance. We did start the year with a balance sheet that was a little bigger based on those late year inflows in 2015 and that hung on through the first quarter for us. We raised $750 million in preferred and our tier 1 leverage ratio was up to 7.3% at the end of Q1 that gives us flexibility to be able to deal with some balance changes that we are anticipating with respect to the money fund reforms.  So lets jump in and talk a little bit more in detail, I think we have given the high level numbers now in the earnings release but lets pull the pieces apart so everybody understands where the money is coming from. We have got about $6 billion coming from money funds. $4.5 billion to $5 billion of that is coming from suite products, about a billion of that are coming from purchased money funds. All of this is related to clients that are not deemed to be retail and the new money fund regulation, so they don't qualify for those retail prime money funds anymore. The people that we are bulking, we will move over to the balance sheet to get them into the bank suite product so that's just like the bulk transfers that we have done. Historically, although a little bit more size and a little shorter period as we have to get this done before we get to the implementation date for money refund in October. The billion dollars is a little different story. These are clients that don't qualify so they wont be able to stay in those purchased money funds, right now they are default suite option is the bank and so we would expect as they no longer qualify and they have to take their money out. The portion of that will end up staying on the bank balance sheet, so that's what that billion dollar comes from. So that's the big balances that we would expect to be moving out of the money funds onto the balance sheet. In addition to that we have also started the more formal process of winding down the suite money funds so as of June 1, clients wont be able to elect money fund suite product as their default cash option any more, the money will default to either the broker or the bank depending on the account registration type the majority of the products qualify for the bank so there is a small number that we will continue to use the broker for. But most of the new money will be going to the bank. Over the course of the remainder of the year after June 1 we would expect that to increase balances, all other things being equal by about $3 billion so when you added all up we are looking at about $9 billion of incremental money on the balance sheet versus where we would have then had we not gone through all of this. That's a lot of money coming onto the balance sheet in a very quick period of time, we raised the capital to support that in advance of the money moving over. Since we have the capital already and to make sure that we are going to be able to fully utilize those balances as they come on, for those of you who read the earnings release in detail you will see that we broke out the short term borrowing on balance sheet so we are on the metric so you can see that we are now starting to borrow some money from the federal home loan bank to fund purchase of asset in anticipation of that money moving on to the balance sheet. It's an accretive trade, the spread is positive so we will help the net interest revenue line and help the cost of carrier having brought that capital on early. It is diluted to the net interest margin for now because the spread is less than what we are earning on average because we are paying more for those borrowing than we tend to pay for deposits. As the money comes over from the money funds we will pay off those borrowings and then we will see our net interest margin expand, but we could see a little pressure in Q2 as we work our way through this transition but it should resolve itself over the course of the remainder of the year as the money comes on and we pay them those borrowings and have then transition to a more normal looking balance sheet at least for us without the reliance with those external borrowings. So all of that's going on. Plain cash utilization and optimization continues to be our primary use of capital. So and that is still what we are focused on however I think it's important to note that we also have a target dividend payout ratio of 20% to 30% with the strong performance in Q1, our board decided yesterday to take the dividend up by a penny that's 17% increase, moves this up to about 24% payout ratio based on Q1's earnings. So it leaves us squarely in the range I would expect the board will continue to review our dividend as we move forward and as earnings continue to improve through the cycle. So moving on to the reminder of the year, as we said in the earnings release it wasn't exactly how we expected to get there, but we got there in terms of where we thought we are going to be in terms of earnings there was clearly more market volatility that was not helpful to asset management fees but it helped the trading and those offsets left us little better than where we thought we would be in terms of revenues at this point in the year. I mentioned that we were a little bit slower on expense build up we always have great aspirations but can't quite get the hiring fully ramped up as fast as our business partners would like to go so we are still expecting that we will spend more consistent with the base line scenario, but we had a little bit of benefit as we worked our way through Q1. So with Q1 in the books then what we expect for the reminder of the year if we get the rate increase that we had baked into the base line scenario we would say that we could see revenues grow 1% or 2% percentage point faster than that mid teens number that we had indicated in the scenario. If we don't get that rate increase we would still expect to be able to see revenues grow in the teens but it would be in the low teens. So it's a good result either way the question of how good is the little bit out of our control as well have to wait and see what the fed does in terms of moving interest rates. From an expense management perspective we spent a lot of time in prior conversations talking about the flexibility that we have built into the back half of the year. We will as always attempt to make good tradeoffs between continue to invest to drive the growth to the business versus producing the near term business results. For now we are basically spending in line with that base line scenario and we will continue to make those adjustments and decisions as we see how the environment evolves. So bringing it all into summary the market was a little bit more volatile but we are still on track for what we think is a very solid year from a financial perspective, we are making good progress on the capital utilization in the growth and the movement of those client cash balances. We will continue to evaluate the situation from a spending perspective but for now we are continuing to make those investments in-line with our initial expectations. We are winning in the market in terms of client asset acquisition, we are producing superior financial results and we are running a business model that's plays to continue to outperform in both of those context. With that I think we can open up for questions. 
Rich Fowler: Alright, thank you gentlemen. Operator if you can just run us through the protocol for questions over the phone. And then, I think everybody knows how to use the webcast console to this point.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from the line of Richard Repetto.
Richard Repetto: Yes, good morning Walt and good morning Joe. I guess the first question is, in the scenario that you just laid out Joe, you do get the fed increase in your growth, I guess 1% to 2% higher or if you don't is the low teens. Would you still try to maintain that 500 basis point spread between the growth rates of revenue and expenses on both sides, in both scenarios?
Joseph Martinetto: Well, certainly in the up scenario that we would expect to be able to do that and the down scenario I would say we would have to look hard at how much of the revenue softness we would want to offset, I think we would want to look at the traction we are getting with some of the spending and what we thought was the right thing in terms of making that trade off in investing versus near term profitability. In either scenario I think we would produce a very substantial spread between the pace of revenue growth and expenses whether we would get all the way to 5% it's too soon to lock ourselves into that scenario we are going to have to see how things evolve over the next quarter or two.
Richard Repetto: Okay and just one follow up, you talked about positioning the balance sheet or getting it ready for the suites that are coming later in the year and I guess the question is for us whats the cost of funds for the federal home loan, FHLB advances, whats the average we could model in? And then, what do you expect over the whole year, the growth and the average interest running assets because it used to be in-line with NNA, you by far surpass that with all the swipes and everything?
Joseph Martinetto: Sure, so I think you kind of get back to what -- on the home loan borrowing the average cost there you can use something in the 50 basis points area. We could get as high as on the outside as $5 billion borrowing number, I think that would only happen if we saw really great opportunities in the investment market, but we could get as high as $5 billion in Q2. So that at least gives you some parameters on the borrowing. In terms of the balance sheet growth I think there is a lot of dynamics which make it a little tricky. I would expect as we get into Q2 the pace of growth that you have seen for past couple of quarters is likely to slow having the insights and watching client cash balances here in April I know lot of our clients are paying taxes and that will definitely slow the pace of growth in Q2 as it normally does in terms of seasonal factors. The long term number for client cash seems to be in that 12% to 13% area for now. We would expect cash across the complex to stay in that general area. The outsized growth that's being produced on the balance sheet is really the movements which is why we try to get pretty specific you have got the billion for with 9 billion more coming later in the year, so that's $10 billion over the course of year incremental transfers on top plus the $3 billion is in the nine. Plus the incremental growth that we would expect from just normal client activity which is in $11 billion or $12 billion per year at this point. So, we would expect to see the balance sheet up something north of $20 billion over the course of this year the organic growth rate is still relatively consistent the inorganic transfer rate is highly dependent on our ability to either generate or raise capital and so it's hard to be real specific there I would say we will be as opportunistic as we can because of the opportunity that we see for that capital. But that capital is not readily available at all times it just moves as much as we want.
Richard Repetto: Got it. Got it. Very helpful thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bill Katz.]
Walter Bettinger: Good morning Bill.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, [indiscernible] I apologize for this. Could you talk a little bit about on the department of labor what you might see from the revenue impact and or elevated expenses, I think we have heard from some of your peers that they would anticipate some lift of expenses but seemingly manageable and might differ other type of spending I just wanted to know you might be able to frame your comments relative to how you think about expense guidance?
Joseph Martinetto: Sure, I don't think at this point we could responsibly make a projection of revenue lift as a result. It's just too early to see how firms who might be more impacted by the regulation will determine how to deal with it. I guess my assumption would be that they will modify their product set or their solutions that the market declines and not give up shares maybe give up some economics in their model. So that's why I indicated that I think that the although there is some potential for positive upside for us I am cautious around that because I would be surprised if firms will choose to give up share very readily as opposed to maybe giving up a little bit of their economics. In terms of expense, as I mentioned we have begin planning for this last year and had put teams together and begun working on a number of different possible outcomes based on not just what the department every had proposed but where we anticipate they might go. It's just not meaningful numbers. It's you are talking about something measured in few million rather than big numbers. So it's just not meaningful, but we did budget for in both 15 and 16 and plan for it and so we don't expect you to see any impact from that in our financial results.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay that's helpful and then just last one if I may, and you may have covered this. Again, I apologize. In terms of the $9 billion of accelerated transfer of assets onto balance sheet any sense of what the kind of duration we should anticipate on that transfer? 
Joseph Martinetto: Yes, I will expect the portfolio implication will look a lot like the balance sheet overall so probably in that at the bank north of two year duration to two-and-a-half years largely in the same kind of products that we typically invest in we are not looking to change anything in the strategy or the risk profile just doing it in a little bit oversize.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay thanks for taking my questions. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Shutler.
Christopher Shutler: Hey guys, good morning. On the DOL can you just talk about the I know it's early, but the mechanics related to rollovers and I guess from a couple of different angles what your roles are from one of your 401K plans as well as just roles more broadly in the market. Just how you see that changing if at all?
Joseph Martinetto: Yes, I mean I think our view is that of course recommendation that meaning even a suggestion or call to action that's directed at any plan participant into an IRAs fiduciary advice is going to be the subject to full BIC, best interest contract. However, as we advocated in between the time of the proposed regulations and the final that carefully constructed education only type conversation prior to the person making a decision to open that IRA is possible consistent with the approaches I think we currently take with, Im sorry, suitability guidance. So again, I think our view is at the big picture you are talking about, modest impact to us in terms of anything that you would notice in terms of financial results or metrics or things of that nature.
Christopher Shutler: Okay thanks and just one other one on mutual fund once, it seems like the balances there conceded to decline I know a lot of that shifts continue movement of IRA institutional share classes but do you have a sense of what the fore is on the balances and is it is the way you are basically offsetting that by not necessarily in the institutional area directly but more on the retail side some of these adviser offerings? Thanks.
Walter Bettinger: So I think where you are going on with one source is no different than whats going on across the active asset management world. Whereas 20 years ago a number of firms have worked to build out a broader menu of proprietary actively managed product our strategy was more than the open architecture process with one source and yet as we sit here today we are all experiencing similar decline in terms of usage of active products. We are not going to be exception to the mega trend that's going on in the industry. I think you would accurately identified significant share of the decline in one source is attributable to RIA moving to institutional price product whereas the retail investor tends not to move as readily or as certainly doesn't have a mutual fund sales person calling on them telling them to move like you are going on in the RIA space. I don't know that any of us can identify a flow point because you are looking at mega trend that's being going on toward passive management. But I also think that as we identify this as something that we have thought could be a risk, a dozen or more years ago we began to on the retail side develop advisory solutions that used more passive product underlying with an advisory feed from us wrapped around it that actually in many cases delivered for the client more diversification, a lower overall cost and yet all revenue goes up measurably. On the adviser services side I think the counter balance there is the movement to using the bank for suite, so we worked very carefully with our advisory board within the RIA business educated them about what was occurring within that business and they have been highly supportive of our using the bank as a way to generate some revenue that counter balances the decline from more use of institutional mutual funds and UTS.
Christopher Shutler: Alright. Thanks a lot. 
Walter Bettinger: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brian Bedell.
Brian Bedell: Maybe another angle on different angle on DOL, well for you are you seeing are you hearing about any potential change in behavior and how the investment adviser in your adviser services segment might change their way of allocating between active and passive products broadly as the result of DOL and then do you see this do you still see DOL an accelerant for the robo advisory product and how much of an accelerant is that?
Joseph Martinetto: So, we had advocated with the DOL we are pleased to see the level fee of fiduciary of wording within that regulation I don't think that you are likely to see an accelerant in the RIA space away from active because largely that's played out already over the last ten full years and you have seen it in the declines one source balances from the RIA, so I don't think you see something meaningful that comes out of that. With respect to the digital or online advice I am going to go back to the broader response I have had on that in the past which is you could possibly see some money moving that way but I just think that everybody is going to have if they don't already everybody is going to have these types of products these types of solutions. And so, you might see some money headed that way but I would be surprised if you see major market share move as a result of it because it's just not that differentiated in many cases from one firm to the other now there maybe some exceptions some of the IDBs and other firms that have a higher cost of distribution come out with digital advice that might have higher fees but as you sit here today there is just not dramatic differentiation among those products. So, I don't think you see big market share moves. 
Brian Bedell: Okay and then maybe some take on to that as we think about the wire houses in there the breakaway broker trend so you see DOL changing these strategies at the wire houses that might influence the breakaway broker trend in longer term?
Walter Bettinger: I don't think so. I think the factors that have led to that and we all know that there is modes trend of brokers going independent and you don't have the reverse occurring so that's played into more accelerated growth in the RIA space than maybe the wire house space, but I don't think the DOL regulation has much impact on that. I think it's driven off far more substantial factors whether be ownership freedom flexibility entrepreneurial nature terminal value the ability to be more flexible in serving clients I just think those factor sort of swamp the implications of the DOL regs in terms of that trend. 
Brian Bedell: Okay, great. And just a quick one for Joe, can you talk a little about the re-pricing dynamic for the margin lending I know you haven't increased the rack rate, but youve been removing some of the discounts on those products any thought at revisiting, raising the rack rate, if we get a June hike and then on the deposit data if competition is such that you don't have to raise deposit pricing is that a significant upside, as we go forward in 2016? 
Joseph Martinetto: Sure. So I would say on margins you know that we didn't increase the base rate when rates moved up largely we try to enhance the competitive positioning of our rack rates impact of that is maybe less than people think because we have got so many clients across both the retail and advisory businesses that are now on discount or custom schedules that are linked to market industries that are not -- to that base rate or rack rate structure so it has I think a lot more to do with how we appear to be competitive in the market than it has to be do necessarily with a nimb impact. And just for the little bit more color on that we are probably somewhere between two-third and 70% of our balances now tie to schedules that aren't tied to the rack rates. So just to keep in mind when you don't see us move a base rate change like that it's not 100% of that it's not coming through because the clients are on, those are the schedules are tied other rates like LIBOR where they are moving up so we are picking up some of the benefits and I think you can see that play through the change in dynamic of yields on margin. So, we will continue to evaluate what we look like from a posted positioning perspective and make decisions as appropriate around moving that base rate. Largely probably more in consideration of how we look position competitively in the financial dynamics because a lot of the dynamics aren't driven by that rate. On the deposit pricing side I think we are going to watch what happens in the competitive marketplace we have factored into our planning models that some competition might develop and we end up meeting the push rates up some I am not sure that that's necessarily going to develop in the marketplace and to the extent that we think the competition for the balance sheet suite balances is more directly tied to interest checking accounts than money funds and as youre trying to think through the degree of sensitivity were likely to experience the interest checking world as probably a better benchmark than money funds in terms of how we would expect those yields to clients to move up over time.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. That's great color. Thanks very much.
Walter Bettinger: Joe, before we go on maybe to elaborate on that a little bit just so it's clear to folks when you talking about the sensitivities, deposit and so forth how does that relate to our the rule of thumb we have been using we have talked about the 60 per 100 for the first couple of hundred basis points of fed funds moving my sense is that what we are talking about is at least as far as the long end of the curve is concerned the non-parallel shift puts a dent in that. The fundamental math or relationship stays, but with the curve not moving to parallel fashion that does at least temporarily sort of doing that sensitivity and then I don't think what we are talking about is a change in our overall again sort of rule of thumb but there you know just watching the dynamic of how it might fold in I think is peer maybe you could spend just a minute more on that just to help make sure folks get the variability there.
Joseph Martinetto: Right. So, I will try not to spend more than a minute on that because like I could probably do an hour on that. So, I think the way you positioned that is correct. There is a variety of things that run through the net interest margin math as we talk about the sensitivity to changes in interest rates. The bottom line is that 60 basis points per 100 was tied to parallel shifts in the curve and assuming that all other things being equal in the investment market we would be able to access the same kind of products in the same kind of degrees and then we had some embedded pricing assumptions about what would happen to client rates as we moved through that part of the cycle. As you said we are getting the short end coming up at the same time we are seeing the long end come down. That's much more beneficial than the alternative because about two-thirds of our balance sheet is tied to the short end of the curve about third is tied to the longer end of the curve and because we are seeing relatively bigger shifts in the short end we are fastly outweighing the longer term impacts that long term part of the curve you get the shorter term impacts faster because that into the curve re- prices move quickly the long term is more of a gradual impact as you will off cash and reinvested into the market are getting new cash to invest at current rate levels so for all of that because we have more tied to the short end and every price is faster the things the experience which we are having changes the interest rates is leading to positive effects on NIM, but less positive than the 60 per 100 because of all those changes. Underlying all of that math was a set of assumptions around how products would re-price some of that is more controllable some of it is less controllable, I would say if anything we were maybe able to be little conservative in terms of how much we expect to pass back the client so there could have been some upside tied to that the flip side to that is when we see things like slowing in margin growth that we experienced in Q1 of the decline in margin balances, I think we all know margin is sort of a product of optimize and when you get a big sell off in the market people tend to reduce their leverage in the market and we saw some of that in Q1 that decline in margin had negative impact on them. So all of these things watch through it's never really going to be as simple as a single rule of thumb, we all have to pay attention to more of the details as the story evolves but by and large we still expect to see significant lift from anticipated increases in interest rates exactly how that plays out we are going to have to see what market develops and we will have further discussions about that going forward. 
Walter Bettinger: Okay thanks. And we have another question on the phone?
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Douglas Mewhirter.
Douglas Mewhirter: Good morning. I had question for Walt, you said that you had hired 25 financial consultants in the quarter first of all was that a net number sort of net attrition and second maybe in a bigger picture question I know there is this tension right now your retail business seems to be very well there seems to be too many customers to service and not enough consultants and there is huge opportunity but I also know that you are very mindful of margins and there is a big discussion of that in your last update about how you are going to be very cautious and how you expand has any of that view point changed given the it looks like the retail business was very strong this quarter where you might maybe step up the hiring a little bit even though the interest rates haven't really started to come up yet?
Walter Bettinger: So, the 25 of financial consultants and support staff that I referenced in was part of a plan branch expansion primarily focused in the East coast so it's not specific to either a gross or a net number it was around a specific aspect of the branch expansion strategy the with respect to investing in the branch relative to margins I don't think we will deviate from a longer term strategy because we had a particularly strong quarter from the financial standpoint in Q1 just like if the quarter had gone the other way we probably wouldn't deviate away from the long term strategy. In the long term we want to make the investments that give us the right mix of relationship capability technology and price value for clients and the component of that that involves relationship is more feet on the street. But we likely wont deviate on that based on the quarter by quarter basis. If we were to get a unexpected rapid increase in interest rates from the fed that could influence us but I don't think quarterly results.
Douglas Mewhirter: Okay, thanks that's all my questions.
Walter Bettinger: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Harris.
Chris Harris: Thanks guys. Just a couple on the DOL, you mentioned a low fee exemption as it applies to the independent advisers?
Walter Bettinger: Level fee.
Chris Harris: Level fee, sorry low fee sorry about that. Yes that was -
Walter Bettinger: Maybe it's low level fee right no it's a level fee sorry.
Chris Harris: Right, low fee wasn't one point do you guys think that that exemption could potentially qualify for Schwab Financial consultants or is there just too much going on at the firm level for that to be applicable and then, related DOL question I have is regarding the independent branches do you guys bear the liability from the DOL perspective or is that separate?
Walter Bettinger: So, I think it's too early for us to say whether the level fee exemption could apply for us. But it's certainly one of the things we are looking at whether it has application across the retail network and not just within the investment adviser space. With respect to the independent branch network I don't know the very specific answer to that question around the contract that we should take look at what I know is that independent branches offer the exact same product, services and pricing as our retail channel there is no they are not in control of pricing or models or building portfolios or anything of that nature but actually we will research the more detailed question that you had with respect to the FDD that they signed and maybe Chelsea or Richard get back to you on that. 
Chris Harris: Alright. Sounds good. Thank you.
Walter Bettinger: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kenneth Worthington.\
Kenneth Worthington: Hi, good morning. So, continuing on the topic to your to what extent are new or existing retirement assets in your various advise offering subject to the bank or level fee exemption and is it just the new assets or the existing retirements assets impacted here and are there certain of your advise offerings that either are or are not subject to the level fee exemption rules and you can offer retirement assets? Thanks.
Walter Bettinger: Yes, I believe that it is all assets are subject to fiduciary, I don't think it's an issue of necessarily going forward but that's a good question. I don't know if I am giving you the exact right answer there I guess I would say this though to the extent we determine that we are going to make changes within our advisory solutions as it would apply to new clients the greatest likelihood is that even if we didn't have to we would make the exact same adjustments for existing clients because we wouldn't want to create a situation where depending on when someone entered and offered they ended up with a better value or a different structure than another investor. 
Kenneth Worthington: Okay. That makes sense and then I am sorry if you mentioned this I didn't quite get it you think all your advise offerings will be subject or still too soon to know that?
Walter Bettinger: Yes, we believe any advisory offering any buy-sell recommendation anything of that nature would apply within IRA or contemplated IRA rollover. 
Kenneth Worthington: Okay. Awesome thank you very much.
Walter Bettinger: Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Conor Fitzgerald.
Conor Fitzgerald: Hi, good morning. The BlackRock agreement with an independent broker to sell, it's platform I know you have talked about that being the opportunity for intelligent portfolio in the past can you just give us an update on how those conversations are going.
Walter Bettinger: Yes, it wasn't a great idea. It led to the future adviser, BlackRock deal and so I think that our intelligent portfolios model was principally designed around retail and the RIA space. In the RIA space the integration between the digital advice offering and your custodial platform is really important. These are generally smaller businesses and that integration is key, and they are used to explaining to their client custody of the assets at Schwab. So it's really a perfect fit there. As I have indicated we had received and have received some interest from other parties who want to look at our intelligent portfolios platform to possibly use within their business model and that continues. I do believe that when you talk about some of the larger firms whether they be banks or other distributors some of them are going to have hesitancy around the Schwab brand. They may feel like they compete with Schwab retail and to those people a solution that doesn't involve a branded potential competitor to the retail business is going to be more appealing. So it just it really just depends on which company but I am going to go back to the big picture issue there everybody of sizes is going to have this kind of solution some of will use Schwab, some will use non branded platforms. If people want to use our platform and it makes sense for them and us we will do so. I would as I believe I stated at the annual meetings but if I didn't if I said this morning internally I will say it externally now that is a small aspect of this whether any true non RIA, non retail investor choose to use our platform. I don't expect that that's some large scale issue from an economic standpoint.
Conor Fitzgerald: That's helpful. Thank and maybe just to go back to the discussion around the deposit pass through, it's tough to handicap but do you have a sense of how much of competitors not passing on rates just be uncertainty of future rate hikes versus maybe a structurally lower competition I guess if do you think if competitors have more confident that fed was going to continue hiking it get more aggressive?
Joseph Martinetto: That's alluded question. So I would say what we have seen from past history is a lot of the banks have much longer asset ration than we have and as rates start to move up they are slowed to move deposit rates because they are fighting to maintain that interest margins. So exactly how this plays through is going to have there is a lot of factors in terms of what happens with the shape of the curve and their ability to invest it and try better yields what we see develop in the competitive marketplace for funds we have the overlay of things like the LCR that tip the industry since the last time we had a great scenario which might increase competition for retail deposits. On the flip side there is so much money swashing around the depository system that could be an offset those competitive pressures. it's challenging to call I don't think anyone is to all a metric model has enough experience with the current factors to be highly predictive which is why I am hedging a little bit here. But my gut would tell me that we are like to see the large bank be fairly slow passing along rate increases even if the fed moves at a quicker pace of movement and so we are likely to the extent that we are benchmarking more off things like interest checking like going to move slower with rate increases than we have moved in the past with those on balance sheet products.
Walter Bettinger: Joe, I think we would all we would probably agree with in any environment there is likely to be some competitor out there buying deposits. I mean, there is going to be someone we had a competitor last time we are in a higher rate cycle that was sort of buying deposits and money changing type manner and that will probably go on again. But the real question is the big guys as you talked about.
Conor Fitzgerald: I appreciate your thought. Thanks. 
Walter Bettinger: Okay I am going to just step in with one of the webcast questions before we go on with the phone. Joe, maybe you can just remind us why does 250 billion matter in assets at the bank what are the ramifications for us as we get to that kind of the level of eventually?
Joseph Martinetto: Sure. So thats in consolidation not assets of the bank at $250 billion we would be subject to whats called advanced approaches. So there is a number of things that get triggered at that point a lot of it has to do with regulatory expectations for how you model and control your business pieces of it have to do with how often you report there are some changes to things like LCR compliance whereas below 250 we assume 70% of the prescribed runoffs at $250 billion against the approaches, we would assume 100% of the prescribed runoffs I think the final piece that the more mechanical as the exclusion that we have adapted for changes in AOCI from our regulatory capital ratios will no longer be excluded. So those unrecognized gains and losses will flow through the capital account. I think that's manageable to the extent that we still use to help the majority portfolio for a lot of the more evaluation sensitive balances so there is and some volatility be introduced but should be manageable there will be some additional cost, but quite honestly we are building towards some of those expectations even now as we continue to build toward the potential to be in the C-car program a lot of what we are building would be consistent over time with an advanced approaches obligations so much like we have done with a lot of the developing regulatory changes we are building toward it. I don't know that you will see a market increase in our expenses at any given point in time we would rather build toward more gradually and be ready as we get to those levels as oppose to get to the level and then have to run 12 or 18 months fire draw with a big increase in expenses so there is no talk at this point of things like designation, clearly the designation is adding much, much larger assets level so I don't think we will see any outsized changes in regulatory structure beyond whats already pretty well defined in the regulation for the advanced approaches institutions as we continue to get closer to that 250 billion threshold. 
Walter Bettinger: Okay thanks. Lets go back to the phone for last couple of minutes.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of [Indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks guys. Joe just that quick one on the outlook for the next margin you mentioned in the second quarter depending on how much short term borrowing you use it could be some durability around there I just wanted to get your sense on when you look at the guidance and like the low 170s for the year like how much of that is maybe in a forecast and then once the assets come on board and you have the deposits in place where would kind of the final picture be -- without that financing?
Joseph Martinetto: So, with no change in interest rates we expect to look roughly in line with what we reported in Q1. It could be down a little bit but when you average the impact of Q2 over the course of the whole year it's probably not going to be all that meaningful on the context of full year average, but I don't want people would be surprised that the net interest margin is little bit smaller even though net interest revenue is bigger in Q2 as a result of us to point as a bridging strategy.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it, okay. And then just a follow-up well there is a lot of questions on DOL and I think for the industry whether it's new DOL and kind of the long term impacts for the overall financial sector and then I think there is pockets of FinTech popping up and whether it's the robo offering there is more kind of competition or opportunities but I wanted to get your take when you look at kind of the changing environment, where do you see the greatest opportunities for Schwab and then there is always some challenges and pricing is probably one of them but it's something that we have dealt with her seems like forever and so it's not going away anytime soon but other than that any risk that you see versus the opportunities because it seems like you guys are fairly well positioned for some of these things. 
Walter Bettinger: Yes, I think we are I think our model of both within the RIA space and within the retail space plays very well. We have been in a fiduciary position and all of our c-base advisory retail solutions for years and years we certainly have to make some changes and we have to be careful that in some of the sales marketing activities we may have used around highlighting our rollover distribution image versus might end up being fiduciary recommendation so there is some potential modest change. But I think we are positioned extremely well and I am going to go back to, I guess maybe two big points I would make I am going to go back to the one I made that I have great doubts about major market share shifts coming out of this what I think will happen is people will change people, people firms will change their model if you trust your broker your adviser, and that person comes to you and says we have been working in the following way for the last 15 years together and now we are going to need to make a shift because the laws changed you are still going to be trusting that person and so when they tell you that we are going to do this differently the odds are not great that you are going to take that impetus to go out and find a new adviser or new broker. So there will be an economic hit potentially to both firms as well as individual broker advisers, but I have a I guess a doubt that you are going to see big market share move as a result if you do see market share move I like our position market share movement I like our positioning. I think the big point that sits out there that the DOL really in many ways the impetus of what t hey have done and the uncertainty that they have created is longer term around litigation related cost I mean if you really look at impetus of what they have done they have driven all these things out of an arbitration base solution into a litigation world where really the courts are going to decide over the coming years whether someone acted in the best interest of someone else and so whenever you introduce this as pretty big gift to the playing bar, you are going to get a lot of uncertainty and that to me is the biggest issue out of these regulations that sits out a longer term. My assumption is most firms will probably try to be pretty conservative and position themselves in a way to minimize the risk of litigation down side but that's going to involve changes in the economic model probably, probably much less so for firm like us.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay thanks a lot. 
Walter Bettinger: Okay, alright. We are out, actually past the hour so we are going to wrap up. We really appreciate your spending the time with us today if we didn't get the folks let us know and thank you Chelsea we are going to miss you.
Joseph Martinetto: So we will miss you Chelsea, take care everybody. Bye.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-26 21:50:05) =====
Executives: Richard Fowler Joseph R. Martinetto - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Chelsea de St. Paer Charles Robert Schwab - Founder, Chairman, Member of Policy Committee, Chairman of Charles Schwab & Co and Chairman of the U S Trust Board Nigel J. Murtagh - Executive Vice President of Corporate Risk Walter W. Bettinger - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Policy Committee Bernard J. Clark - Executive Vice President of Advisor Services John S. Clendening - Executive Vice President and Co- Leader of Investor Services George Andrew Gill - Executive Vice President and Co-Leader of Investor Services
Analysts: Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Richard Fowler: All right. Let's get things underway here. So for folks on the webcast, that means you have about 4 minutes before you have to start paying attention. For you guys in the room, I'm sorry. You're stuck with me. So good morning. Welcome. I'm Rich Fowler, Head of Investor Relations for Schwab, and this is the Summer 2013 Business Update for the company. We've been looking forward to sharing this session with you for a while. We've been working on some fun stuff here, we're going to show you. We really appreciate you making the time to be here with us today. I know this might be getting a little old. But I got to say, it is a top-down day today. It's just a classic San Francisco version. So the city is covered in a gray soup. But the outlying areas, like where I live, in marvelous Marin, the only county in California allowed to have an adjective in its name, it's perfectly clear. But don't worry, because by the time we reopen the curtains and send you forth at the end of this session to go have oysters at the Ferry Building or watch America's Cup or check out a Giants game later on or headed up to the Wine Country, the sun will be beaming on us here as well. So let's get a few things out of the way. Let's set the stage for the day. Do some administrative stuff and get me off. So you can see by this agenda that we're doing things a little differently today. And here's the context. We're in the middle of the year where, I think it's safe to say, things are generally better than worse. And also I think it's safe to say that the wall of worries, specific to Schwab, has been taken down a number of rows, at least for the time being. And we thought under those circumstances that we take advantage of that lull in the proceedings, as it were, the relative lull in the proceedings, and spend some time focusing on a couple of areas that are important, but not tied to sort of interest rate bingo that we've been dealing with so much in our recent lives. But don't panic, we are going to talk about rates. Mr. Martinetto will take care of that for us right upfront though. And he'll provide an overview not only of our current financial picture and the outlook for the year, but also walk through some sensitivities around how things might look as interest rates move from here forward. We're then planning to have Nigel Murtagh, our Chief Risk Officer, come up and spend some time talking with you about risk management at Schwab, kind of important, right? Something we want to understand better, but not something that we've been able to spend time on in a group forum like this before. And you see, Walt will come up and talk about the strategic picture before the business heads, John, Andy, Bernie, will share their perspectives on what's going on. Now with John and Andy in particular, I just wanted to be clear. There's a ton of stuff going on in Investor Services. You might imagine we've been talking about that for a long time, all across the spectrum of investor need. Today, we've specifically asked them to drill down into a couple of areas. And you'll hear more about the work we've been doing on our brand. You'll hear more about the work we're doing in serving affluent clients. Feel free, they'll be very happy to talk about everything else that's going on during the Q&A. But we, obviously, don't change something as enduring and successful as Talk to Chuck on a whim. And it's clear that our evolution as a full-service firm in executing our strategy is a complex process. And these are, obviously, things that take a little more time. They're hard to get to if we're going through a stem-to-stern review of the business every time we get together. So we thought, we take this opportunity, spend a little more time on those 2 items. Please don't view this as a change in focus, change in strategy, any of that stuff. This is very much part and parcel of what we're doing and who we are. Let's see, all right. So that's our agenda. Let's go on to our administrative stuff. We have forward-looking statements, of course, the wall of words, same story. We try to keep you up to date on our thinking as it evolves. Please stay in touch with IR. Please stay in touch with our disclosures. Let's talk about the rest of the administrative stuff. For Q&A, we'll do the same drill in here where we have mic runners. For folks in the room, if you'd please wait for the mic so everyone can hear, both here and on the webcast. Then question and follow-up and then we'll try and work around the room. We'll take questions on the webcast. Chelsea will compile, organize and pose those for the webcast audience. So be nice to her. Restrooms are out to my left, past the back doors and down the hallway. Refreshments are in the back. Please help yourselves whenever. There will be a second break, and we'll setup lunchboxes, so please feel free to have those in the room or take them with you. Dial-in, in case anything happens. The dial-in is (800) 871-6752, conference ID 13108755. I think that's it. Hopefully, what will come through today, thematically, is strategic progress that we are well positioned to drive strong profitable growth through financial strength, brand, expanding capabilities, regardless of how the rate environment unfolds from here. So with that, I'm happily going to get out of the way and ask Professor Martinetto to come up and start us off.
Joseph R. Martinetto: Great. Thank you, Rich. I'll add my thanks to everybody who is either here in the room or tuning in online. We do realize we're probably a little earlier in the process than we've been in the past, and we're conflicting with a lot of people's earnings announcements. This is a major commitment of time. We put a lot of effort into it, but we do appreciate you taking your time to pay attention to what we have to say. As we jump in, it's not inappropriate at this point in the cycle where we're looking at a market that's up almost 20%, and we've seen the long rates move up 80 to 100 basis points to be talking a little bit about the easing of the headwinds. But in that context, I also want to make sure that you understand the various trade-offs of the reality of how all of this is going to fit together within our financial picture. I'm hoping this doesn't become my Larry David moment why I'm a little too enthusiastic in curbing your enthusiasm, but I want to make sure that we put it in the context of the economic realities that we're facing. So things have definitely improved, but I want to make sure that we're giving you the appropriate trade-offs, and you get the chance to see how it all fits together. So with that as background, I'll talk about 3 things primarily today. So one is, a quick run through on how did we do in Q2; two is, our expectations for the remainder of the year; and then third, we'll do a bit of a deep dive into the interest rate story and how we might expect to see all of that unwind as we come off of this period of extraordinarily low interest rates. So let's jump right in and talk about client metrics to start, because without growth in the client metrics, it's hard for us to drive growth in revenues and growth in earnings. And here I think it's fair to say, we've been on a tear. We had a very large inflow back in Q4 that was related to the changes in tax code. But that has continued on as we've moved our way into the first half of the year. You can see net new assets on a core basis up over 50% versus same period prior year. So really good results here. I'd also point out that these results incorporate some pretty large tax outflows in the second quarter. Definitely larger than we've seen in the last couple of years driven by a couple of things. So one is, to the extent that those inflows in Q4 were driven by tax-motivated strategies, people pulled forward income and had a bigger tax bill that they had to pay in April. They also had bigger quarterlies they're making as they got into June because to get inside of the Safe Harbor, they have to pay a higher income or higher tax level to make sure they're paying that 90%, so they don't end up subject to penalties at the back end. So we saw outflows that were pretty large in April and June, and we still have net new assets up substantially over prior year. So how does that turn into financial results? If you exclude the $70 million onetime item in the second quarter of last year because it was clearly a one timer, revenues were up 10% over that same period last year, driven primarily by asset management fees. Now there, you've got some positives and some negatives that run through that line. The positives, higher market valuations definitely help advise fees and other revenues that are linked to those market valuations. Our continued progress on selling -- on the sale of advisory services. So you're going to hear a lot more about that over the course of the day. But that's definitely been a contributor to the growth in the asset management fee line here in the second quarter. Offset a little bit by lower revenues related to money fees -- money fund fees. So again, to the extent that we've seen long rates up, we've also seen short rates down. The short end of the curve has put a little bit of pressure on the revenues were continuing to earn off of those money fund fees. And that's a bit of an offset to those other positives in the asset management line. Same kind of dynamic going on in net interest income. So we've seen interest rates move up on the long end of the curve. That's been helpful. We've seen interest rates move down at the short end of the curve. That's put a little bit of pressure on. But the bottom line is, when you look at the relative stability of the net interest margin for the past couple of quarters, the pressure from the rate environment is definitely abating. And we've seen a period of more stability relative to where we've been for the past couple of years. And so the growth in the client franchise that turns into growth in client assets is now starting to show up as growth in revenues on the net interest income side. And then last, trading. Trading's up 7% over where we were in Q2 of last year. That's a great. That's definitely helpful. But I remind everybody, our baseline scenario called for trading to be up 15% to 20%. So when I start talking a little bit more about our expectations for the remainder of the year, we're going to have to keep in mind that trading's up. That's great. But it's not up as much as we might have hoped as we were laying out our baseline. Revenues, we're up 10%. Expenses, we're up 9%. So we did manage to get to a place in the second quarter where we were showing some financial leverage again, growing revenues a little bit faster than expenses, put up an almost 31% pretax profit margin. Income up 11% over second quarter of last year. So really solid results in the context of the various ins and outs. Moving on to the balance sheet. We talked about this the last time we were together. We saw really large inflows in Q4. We expected that the pace of growth of the balance sheet was going to slow as we saw people put some of that money into the market and pay their taxes, both of those things happened. So as we move through Q1 and Q2, the pace of growth of the balance sheet has definitely slowed some. And along with that, you can see the recovery in the leverage ratio. So we bounced off of the lows of Q1 as we anticipated, and we've got a leverage ratio that's about 6.3% at the end of the second quarter. So good news, and again, very much in line with how we thought this might all play out. I'll make a couple of other points on the balance sheet. So one is, we are still sitting at about $1.1 billion of cash at the parent company. So very strong and very solid liquidity. You might have seen that we raised about $275 million of debt this week. So we issued a 5-year bond with a 2.2% coupon on it. We had talked back in the fourth quarter when we redeemed the $750 million of senior notes that you might see a follow-on tranche of a smaller size. This was that follow-on tranche. So we've topped up cash levels at the parent. In addition, we expect to see a little over $200 million contributed to the bank in Q3, in relation to some bulk transfer activity that's occurring there. So 2 different pieces. We've got $3.5 billion to $4 billion of money moving from the brokerage over to the bank cash, and then we've got another roughly $1 billion related to monies coming out of money funds moving onto the balance sheet, related to clean up of activity tied to our enrollment rules. So both of those things will be happening in the second quarter. So we'll see the bank grow a little bit, but we should see an offset in the broker for the bulk of that cash. So the total balance sheet shouldn't be changing very dramatically. Finally, I'd note that you saw capital actually shrink a little bit on a book basis here in the second quarter. And as a result of the accumulated other comprehensive income related to the mark-to-market on the available-for-sale portfolio, those marks came down some and come out of the book capital. But I'd remind everybody that, that mark dynamic is excluded from the computation of regulatory capital at this point. So it's a book equity impact, but it is not a regulatory capital impact. I talked a little bit about a commitment to giving you some more on the trade-offs on the expense side, and so this is a way more detailed page than we would normally go into. But we thought it was important to provide some transparency because of the degree of the puts and takes that we've been experiencing over the course of the first half of the year. So when you look at the revenue side, there's a number of items that have been pretty sizable. That have been both positives and negatives as they relate to that baseline scenario that we set out. Starting with trading. I talked about the difference between the 7% growth that we're seeing and the 15% to 20% we're expecting. Over the course of the whole year, our estimate would say, we've got about $100 million shortfall in trading revenue. So pretty big number there. We're also falling about $70 million short across the whole year on money fund fees. Now I'll remind you, there is roughly $160 billion rounded of money funds. So this implies that the average gross yield on the funds is 4 basis points or so below our expectations. So again, trying to tie that out so you can see it in context of what we've seen in terms of changes in the rate environment. This shouldn't be a surprise, but there's a lot of leverage to revenue to changes in those short rates related to the money funds. Offsetting that is some of the good news. So higher market valuations, along with the continued higher enrollments and advisory offers, have led to about $100 million positive in the other parts of asset management fees. And then finally, we expect net interest revenue to be about $80 million higher than our baseline scenario, driven by that higher long-term part of the curve, with a little bit of offset from pressures from the short end of the curve. But the movement in the higher rates is more than enough to offset that short run pressure. So you put it all together, and we're about on track with some pretty sizable puts and takes versus our revenue expectations coming into the year. Same story roughly going on in expenses. So we've already talked in Q1 about -- we made some changes in vesting provisions for retirement-eligible employees. That added about $10 million that wasn't in our budget. And we're running about $70 million higher over the whole year on incentive comp for the field. That's driven by 2 things: one is, the higher market valuations is driving up what we call service pay. So they've got a component of the compensation that's tied to the overall level of assets that they're servicing. Two is, the outsized performance on sales of the advisory products is driving up the sales pay component. Now those pressures are being offset by actions that we took to take down our expenses by about 2 points. So we had talked, I think, in the last update that we have some adjustments that we needed to make. I wanted to make sure people had some visibility that we actually did deliver on about an $80 million reduction in our plans, which is a little over 2 points of our expense base. But there's some other things that have crept in that have pushed the expense line back up a little bit. Smart expense management is not necessarily about religious adherence to a number. We're trying to manage the trade-offs to make sure that we're delivering on results in the near term, as well as leaving flexibility to drive results in the long run. We could probably offset some of that sales compensation pressure if we wanted to change how much we pay the field. The flip side of that is, we would probably slow the pace of enrollment into advisory offers, which would hurt us on revenue going forward. So to put that in context, we're running about $500 million ahead of our expectations monthly for enrollments in advisory offers. That's about $6 billion over the course of the year. The incremental yield on those assets is about 50 basis points. So that's about a $30 million annualized revenue lift that we're getting from those outsized enrollments. So the payback on all of that is well under 2 years. So we think that's a pretty good payback, and we're happy to bring those assets in, but it does put a little bit of pressure on the reported expense numbers. You put all of these together, we are still on track to achieve the numbers that we talked about in our original baseline scenario. We're looking at EPS in the mid-$0.70 area, and we're also still on track to be able to deliver the enhanced financial leverage we've been talking about. You should start to see some of that as we move into the second half of the year. And we still expect to deliver a growth rate differential between revenues and expenses of 300 to 500 basis points as we move on into 2014. So with that covered, let's start the deeper dive into interest rates. And over the first 6 months of this year, we've seen both near-term highs in the 10-year Treasury and near-term lows in LIBOR rates. This is a really typical [indiscernible] pattern if you go back and look at the various cycles that we've seen around interest rates over a long period of time. As people start thinking rates are going to go up, they start selling their long-term bonds, the money has got to go somewhere. It goes into cash. The sale of the bonds drives up the long end of the curve. The movement into cash drives down the short end of the curve, and the curve starts to steepen a little bit. So it's relatively typical, and I think it's largely good news to the extent that we are benefiting from the higher rates. It's even better news that it's starting to signal market expectations of ultimately moving out of this really low period of interest rates. Our balance sheet is constructed to be more levered to those short rates. It's an intentional positioning, we've carried it at all the way through the cycle here, but I'll reiterate some of the ins and outs around the balance sheet. So at the broker-dealer, there's 2 primary blocks of assets. You got the segregated client cash, which is the excess credits over debits. That money is highly regulated in terms of what we're allowed to buy and also because the broker-dealer is required to use mark-to-market accounting. We keep it pretty short to make sure that we are not inducing volatility and income from marks from that portfolio. So the average duration on that portfolio is currently around 60 days. The other big block of assets that sits at the broker is the margin loan book, but that's all floating rate. So virtually, the entire balance sheet, the asset side of the broker-dealer is floating rate. As you move to the bank, we tend to managerially put the 2 portfolios that we report, the held-to-maturity and the available-for-sale back together. We manage it as one portfolio. We use those 2 accounting constructs to manage reporting and capital, but we tend to manage it as one pool of money. And you might even want to think about stapling those things together in your model because I think it would probably make it a little easier to manage the volatility around some of the changes in interest rates that you see. But the average duration on that bank portfolio is still about 2.5 years. So it has moved up a little bit with the increase in interest rates and the slowdown of prepayments. We've seen a little bit of portfolio extension, but not a lot. And we've been through the details, and our disclosures are pretty good, the majority of the assets are agency mortgage-backed. We tend to put the majority of the fixed-rate product in the held-to-maturity book, so that we exclude those marks from any balance sheet or capital computations. The assets that are sitting in the available-for-sale book tend to be primarily floating-rate assets. The fixed-rate assets, just to go a little deeper, they tend to be priced off the 5-year point in the curve. So if you're trying to figure out what our marginal investment rate is, that's a good place to pay attention to. But the prepayment activity tends to be driven more off the 10-year point in the curve. So the amount of cash flow that we're getting is being driven more by how that longer point on the curve is moving around. And then into the bank loan portfolio. So it's actually a little bit for fixed than floating as the majority of the first mortgages we have are hybrid ARMs that are still in their fixed period. But they tend to be, actually, a little bit shorter that the combination of the loan book tends to be a little bit shorter than the duration on the investment book all put together, as the HELOCs are floating rate and the pledged asset lines are floating rate. So when you put it all together about 3/4 of our balance sheet is floating rate or short-dated and about 1/4 of our balance sheet is longer-dated and sensitive to those points out in the curve. So when you overlay the balance sheet with changes in the interest rate environment, where do you end up? Right now, we would expect our net interest margin to remain around 150 basis points through the end of the year. The last time we spoke about this, we were looking for a decline down to the mid-140s. So we're seeing a little bit of incremental lift and certainly some stabilization in our expectations for rates for the remainder of the year. I'd make a couple of points here. One, we're investing at marginal rates that are at or above where our average bank portfolio yield is today. And that's the first time that's happened in a while. So we're definitely at a point where we would expect a degree of stability around our net interest margin from that. While that's good news, there's a little bit more challenge that prepayments have definitely slowed. So we're going to have less cash to invest at these higher levels of interest rates because we're just not getting as much cash flow off the portfolio as we were getting even just a quarter ago. And then finally, remember, as you're thinking about the long end of the curve, you still have some offsets coming from the short end of the curve. So as we net it all out, we expect the net interest margin to roughly stabilize for the remainder of the year. So trying to look a little further out and give you a sense of how all this may play out. I've got to put a bunch of caveats around his page because I actually like Rich, and I don't want to see his head explode here, but we tried to create a somewhat simplistic and static point of view, so that you can get an idea of how just our current existing book might reprice under various interest rate scenarios. So this assumes no change in our balance sheet to the extent that we get cash flows, and we're reinvesting those cash flows in the same instruments that they came out of. So we're basically maintaining a stable balance sheet over a couple of year period. It doesn't include incremental growth. It doesn't include any incremental bulk transfers. It is literally just a roll forward of our balance sheet from the end of Q2 going forward. So you can see the repricing characteristics play through. So the green line down at the bottom of the page is what we would have been talking about last time we got together. That was rates as of the end of Q2, and you can see that, that modest decline would have been consistent with that expectations for mid-140s by the end of the year and then some additional decline as we would've move forward into subsequent periods. The blue line is where we are today. So you can see with rates as of the end of Q2, we've got relative stability in that roll forward net interest margin. And that roll forward goes out through a couple of years. So that stability is something that we should be able to count on if interest rates stay roughly in line with where they are at this point. So then we ran a couple of other scenarios just to give you an idea how, as rates move up, things might play through. The purple line at the top is a 100 basis point parallel shift in the curve. So assuming that rates start moving up at the end of Q2, move up ratably through the end of Q2 next year, 100 basis points whole curve parallel shift. You can see that we get the repricing characteristics pretty fast and pretty consistently over that period. Again, linking that short-term sensitivity to those movements in the markets as that curve starts to move up, we will get those results nearly immediately and fully implemented pretty quickly. But that's not likely the scenario we're going to see. We rarely get those kinds of parallel shifts in the curve. So we ran one more scenario and said, what might the market actually -- the evolution here look like. And so we ran the forward curves as of the end of the second quarter. Now that has long-term rates continuing to tick up pretty modestly over the course of the scenario. Short-term rates don't really start to move until the end of 2014 in anticipation of a movement in Fed funds in early 2015. Today's forward curve is probably even a little bit more conservative and has those short-term rates a little bit further back in the scenario. But this was as of June 30. And you can see that we actually end up in about the same place. It's just you get there in a little different path. So the continued upward movement in those long-term rates will be helpful, but you really start to pick up the acceleration in net interest margin as those short-term rates start to move up. I should remind everybody, this only is the net interest margin. It doesn't include money fund fees. So to the extent short rates start to move up, we'll also pick up the benefits of the elimination of the waivers in that scenario. A couple of more points to make here. So I talked about the duration moving out a little bit. To the extent that nothing happens in rates and all we do is roll forward our investments, there would actually be a little bit of bias toward a pullback toward more of a 2-year kind of duration on the portfolio. The flip side of that is, even under some pretty extreme rate increases, we don't expect the portfolio to move out more than about 3/10 of a year from here. So we've been pretty careful about managing the convexity risk and don't expect that we're going to get a tremendous gapping in our duration as interest rates move up and prepayments continue to slow. The other point I'd make is around that accumulated other comprehensive income. We don't expect -- because we have predominantly floating-rate assets in the available-for-sale portfolio -- to see a material movement in book capital as a result of increases in interest rates. Now again, I'd remind everybody that movements in marks are excluded from regulatory capital. But just from a book equity perspective, we don't expect to see real volatility in capital as a result of changes in rates. Talking about capital, a few points to make. We are a non-advanced approach bank. So non-advanced approach banks have an opt out under the new rules that allow them to continue to exclude those available-for-sale marks from their capital computations. While we haven't made a final determination, it is highly likely that we will elect to take that opt out. We are not a G-SIB. So we are not subject to the enhanced capital requirements that we're just issued for the largest banking companies, so our regulatory minimums didn't just get raised on us. Finally, to the best of our ability to compute them, we currently meet all the minimum standards for the proposed rules already. So we're not looking to have to change our balance sheet construction or our capitalization levels to comply with the proposed rules. So as we put it all together, I hope you've got a sense that there's definitely been sent trade-offs, but we're pretty much in line with where we expected to be at this point in the year and ready to -- and poised to deliver continued results consistent with that through the remainder of the year. We are definitely structured to provide superior levels of revenues and income as rates start to move up. The short of that, we're also committed to delivering the financial leverage that we've been talking about, so that you should see continued improvements in profits regardless of what happens in interest rates from here. So at this point, I'll open it up to questions.
Joseph R. Martinetto: There's got to be a brave soul or somebody on the web. Mike had his hand up.
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Maybe 2 questions, just on some of the points that you just covered. So first, just on the transfers that you mentioned, the $3 billion to $4 billion. Because when we start thinking longer term because it just seems like maybe every 6 months, 12 months a few these pop up. So when you look at the plans, what should we be expecting over time, some transfers onto the bank? And then just on the regulatory side, is there any conversations with regulators where, like firms wouldn't be able to have that opt-out plan or that opt-out provision?
Joseph R. Martinetto: I'll cover that one first. So there seems to be a little bit of confusion around how all of that's going to work. But it doesn't look like there's any limitation for standardized approach banks to be precluded from being able to make that election. So at this point, we're not aware of anything that would impact our ability to make that choice. On the bulk transfers, so I would say where we are at this point is we are pretty fully implemented against our strategies. So the various enrollment rules have been in place for a while. I think we've gone through pretty much every bucket of cash and tried to get people where we would expect them to be. These are really a couple of cleanup tranches, the $1 billion coming out of the money funds is -- it's a relatively small number. And quite frankly, if we didn't have the money coming out of the brokerage, we might not have been talking about it at all. So I think you might see something in that order as we look to people that no longer qualifies for a sweep and roll them on the balance sheet as a kind of regular course of business. The movement from the broker to the bank was a largely similar activity. I think we had a few additional registrations that we were able to identify that would qualified for the bank. But to be honest, versus today's existing criteria, we're pretty fully implemented. So I would think that you're going to see things that look more like the smaller numbers moving forward. That said, there's always an opportunity as we have some fairly large amounts of cash that sit across the balance sheet and off the balance sheet. And if we got into a window where we had a substantial level of capital generation, we might look at it and revise those criteria. And so you might see bigger chunks of money moving around. But I'd say today, we don't have any plans to make those changes in the near term. Got one from the web.
Chelsea de St. Paer: A couple on the parallel shift scenario in the NIM slide. Why would NIM come down slightly after the initial big increase? And then also, it looks like from the chart that the parallel shift gets us about 50 basis points improvement in NIM. Does that differ from past estimates of rate sensitivity?
Joseph R. Martinetto: Yes. So a couple of things. One is, when you get the immediate left, but then over time, you're still getting some cash flows coming in off the portfolio from bonds that have coupons that are higher than where you're investing a 100 basis points from here. So there is a little bit of continue downward pressure if all you get is 100 basis points. So we showed that on the chart. I don't think there's anything inconsistent in what we've shown in terms of the net interest margin lift versus the prior guidance from around the 60 basis points. One, I think there's a little bit of imprecision with the construction of charts and how they get viewed. Beyond that, I think that there's a lot of assumptions that roll in, and that 60 basis points has incorporated some of our expectations for growth and some additional movements and flexibility around how do we get cash reinvested. So I'd remind you that this is a static point of view, and we've never really talked about just a plain static point of view before.
Chelsea de St. Paer: I have a pile. What minimum revenue growth is required in 2014 to achieve that 300 to 500 basis points of operating leverage?
Joseph R. Martinetto: Yes, so we haven't committed to the levels of revenue growth, but I think we have talked about it in a scenario where we get relative stability in interest rates and a fairly modest level of market appreciation. So we're not getting a lot of lift out of the overall market and basically just a roll forward of our existing products and strategies. So not looking to enhance any of the revenue delivery dynamics. We might be able to do a little bit better than that on the revenue side. But if you just do the math on that, it leaves you kind of in high single digits and that's, I think, consistent with that kind of expense guidance.
Chelsea de St. Paer: And that does that operating leverage hold true for all of the interest rate scenarios highlighted?
Joseph R. Martinetto: No, it does not. We've said multiple times to the extent that we start to pick up incremental revenue from higher interest rates, we would expect to drop a vast majority of that to the bottom line. We would look at the incremental margin to be at least 75%. So the leverage would definitely be growing in periods where we were getting the lift in revenues driven by interest rates because higher interest rates really drives very little in the way of expenses. Anyone else in the room? You can probably go all day.
Chelsea de St. Paer: What's your latest view on what happens to the size of the balance sheet as rates rise in an improving economic environment?
Joseph R. Martinetto: So there are some trade-offs that end up happening in our projections. I will net it out at first and then talk about the detail a little bit. We would expect the balance sheet to probably remain relatively stable, but that's going to be the net of money going into the market and new clients bringing cash into the firm. All of our modeling would say, basically because we have predominantly isolated the cash on the balance sheet to the retail client base, that we wouldn't expect to see really large outsized outflows in a short period of time. So the better environment might push people to be more aggressive on investing. It is also likely to start to ramp up our retail acquisition and cash flow related to new clients coming in. And those 2 factors tend to offset. So we don't think we will see a dramatic reduction in our balance sheet if that scenario occurs, but you might get a protracted period of basically kind of sideways levels of the balance sheet.
Chelsea de St. Paer: Sort of related, given still a fairly limited wiggle room in the leverage ratio to our own internal targets, what do you see as the normal growth rate in average earning assets?
Joseph R. Martinetto: I'm going to sound like a broken record on this. We would expect the overall balance sheet to be growing in line with our pace of client acquisition. So to the extent that we are pretty much fully implemented on our strategies, you shouldn't see big movements of money onto the balance sheet from off balance sheet. And so to the extent that the client cash is a relatively consistent percentage of their total client assets with us, as we drive additional acquisition, a percentage of that acquisition will come in, in the form of cash. And that cash should be growing at a pace that's relatively consistent with our overall acquisition rates. We're going around, just to make sure. I think you and I are having a dialogue here for a while.
Charles Robert Schwab: Back to the parallel shift scenario, how does the second 100 basis points in the shift impact NIM relative to the first 100 basis point move up?
Joseph R. Martinetto: Yes, so we didn't actually run the static balance sheet through that model. But there is nothing embedded in those assumptions that would lead me to believe that we don't get a fairly similar NIM expansion from that second 100 basis points. We won't get the benefit on money fund because the first 100 will cover all the fees to the waivers. But the second 100 basis points should give us a relatively similar level of net interest margin expansion just based on how we would expect the assets to reprice and what we would expect to be doing with deposit rates for clients. Another good one there?
Unknown Attendee: Just on that last question that you answered, just on the transfers. You mentioned capital generation is much stronger. There is the option, meaning to use some of that to bring more cash on to the balance sheet. So just did that concept -- I just want to understand the strategy behind that, your other options once the capital generation is much higher. And then does it have anything to do because it doesn't seem like on the money fund regulation, meaning it's not final but it also seems like it was very favorable. I just want to get your thoughts on that.
Joseph R. Martinetto: Yes. So I think our take is very favorable on what finally came out in money fund reform. We were quite pleased to see some of our ideas incorporated into the proposal. I think our belief is we're heading toward a set of products, which will allow us to continue to meet client demand for products like money funds while continuing to basically preserve the economics of the product set. So I think that was all pretty much good news as we saw it evolve. I think any subsequent changes, it's fairly complicated and so we can probably do a deep dive session on cash balances at some point. We are really aware of the need to be able to earn an adequate incremental spread on any money that comes on to the balance sheet to make it worth putting the capital up to do that. And so the first constraint is we have to believe that the money is rate-insensitive sensitive enough and sticky enough to allow us to get an incremental spread either via pricing or the return dynamics of what we're investing in. And pricing impacts the sensitivity and the rate dynamic is impacted by the stickiness. So all of that has to come together because we do have to be able to earn returns consistent with our expectations and your expectations. So to the extent that we could identify those types of money, either money that we believe already looks like that or via some modest changes in eligibility requirements, we might be able to segment off some additional cash. But it's just way too soon to start talking about relative magnitudes of how that might work. You got one more?
Chelsea de St. Paer: Do you feel like that you're currently under investing in any aspect of the business, so are you holding back any discretionary spend for a higher rate environment?
Joseph R. Martinetto: I'll probably answer the question a little bit differently than it would ask -- that it was asked. I think we are investing at a very fulsome level in covering off all of the major strategic initiatives and making sure that we have money available to meet regulatory investment and preserving the availability and security of our infrastructure. So we've continued to invest in infrastructure, we've continued to invest in client-facing systems, we're building out some pretty major initiatives. So I'd say we're at a pretty healthy level of investment. That said, as the economics of the business change, there are some things that may look relatively more attractive than they look today. So given where interest rates are today, we may not want to dramatically expand the retail field force. But a couple of 100 basis points from here and a higher ROCA and continued progress around advisory sales, we may look up and say, that's something that makes sense to do. So I don't think, given where we are in the cycle and the relative profitability dynamics, that we're really under investing in anything important. But I think you may see those priorities could evolve as the economics change with the higher rate environment. You have a follow-up to that?
Chelsea de St. Paer: Just one. Well, if there's not one more in the room, we have a few more here. I could give one more. Will you be able to hold pricing integrity or keep prices up on your Schwab money market funds when rates rise? And if so, why are you confident that you can do that?
Joseph R. Martinetto: I don't think anything has changed in the competitive environment that would lead us to believe that we will not be able to achieve the same kind of product dynamics in the future that we have in the past. That said, I don't think we are completely done with our analysis of the changes in the rules and what impacts that might have. It is likely that we will see some resulting pressure from that, although we think it's going to be pretty small. But it's -- again, we're still working through it. It was a pretty big pronouncement. We're trying to figure out exactly how all the pieces fit together. But I think -- it's our belief at this point that we would expect to recover the bulk of the economics consistent with what we've seen in the past. Okay. So that, I will be around so I can -- if you have additional questions, I can catch you at the break or around lunch or even afterwards. But at this point, I am going to turn it over to my esteemed colleague, Nigel Murtagh, to talk about all things risk.
Nigel J. Murtagh: Great. Thank you, Joe, for that introduction. Good morning to everybody here in the room. If you're like me, Friday morning, get an opportunity that someone come up and maybe talk about complex calculations and algorithms and [indiscernible] and how we stress test portfolios. Get you pretty excited. If you're not like me, there is fully caffeinated coffee in the back of the room. You may need it through the presentation. If you do, I won't be insulted. I want to take some time today, I appreciate the opportunity to talk to you to cover a few topics around the risk management at Schwab. Our risk management culture, where that emanates from, our governance structure, some of the more current initiatives that we're working on to continually enhance risk management at Schwab. Then I'll touch at a high level on our loan and investment portfolios, the quality there. And end up with a little bit on the interest rate risk management, given the discussion that Joe just had. Schwab's risk management culture is driven by the firm's vision and strategy. That is the key thing to understanding how management approaches risk at Schwab. We're not exotic about the way we approach risk management overall. We focus on the vision, the idea of having our clients' trust and we focus on the strategy of looking at things through their eyes. That -- working through that lens is one of the things I and my team are passionate about in our jobs. I get an opportunity at client events to talk to individual investors, to talk a advisers. And one of the things they tell me is that nervousness, the unsafety that they felt in 2008, issues like Lehman Brothers, Bear Stearns, wondering what was going to happen to their accounts; and more recently, MF Global. They don't want to feel that again. They want to have their assets at a firm where they are confident that, that firm is managing for the long term, and that's Schwab. All of that, that drives us to, on a relative basis, a more conservative risk management stance. I mentioned we're not exotic about the way we approach risk management. We hold to some basic principles that have been long held at the firm. If I think about the investment portfolio, that's around the idea of having transparency in the products that we invest in, so that we can adequately understand what the risk is in a downside scenario. Again, long-held belief at Schwab. If I look back, prior to the financial crisis, we were investing in residential mortgage-backed securities, RMBS. We evaluated subprime RMBS, it was a very popular asset class, generated more yield. But as we went through our stress analysis, we determined that the risk, the potential risk in those products, was higher than our risk appetite, so we avoided them. About at the same time, we looked to add collateralized debt obligations that are backed by RMBS. In that case, when we did our analysis, we kept coming to a different conclusion in the market about the safety of those products. And our assumption actually was that we probably didn't understand them well enough to invest in them. So again, we avoided that asset class, turned out to be a pretty good decision. The same process is used today. More recently, collateralized loan obligations have become more popular back in marketplace for investors. As we look at that asset class, the transparency of the final investment pool that you're going to be exposed to is insufficient for us to do the kind of downside analysis that we like to do. So currently avoiding that asset class again. That's not to say we avoid all structured products in the investment portfolio. We do have an obligation and an expectation of generating yield. We invest in commercial mortgage-backed securities, we invest in dealer floor plan products, covered bonds, credit card ABS. But only products where we believe they have the transparency for us to do the kind of analysis that we want to do to understand what happens in the downside scenario. We keep the same kind of concepts, basic underwriting for our mortgage portfolios. We ask clients to come to us with equity in their home. We ask them to have good credit and we ask for them to have a documented way to repay. You do that and you start with a good client base like we have, it turns out you get pretty good loan metrics. And we'll talk about that a little later as we get to the portfolio structure. Now our risk management governance structure is one that includes all of the executive management team at Schwab, not just the risk groups and the oversight groups. The highest level risk management committee that we have is the global risk committee that you see in the middle of the chart here. It includes all the heads of the main client-facing business lines, advisor services, investor services, the investment management, mutual funds team. It also includes, of course, the operations teams, the technology teams, finance and then risk and oversight as well. This gives us an opportunity to view risk from a more holistic point of view and have everyone on the same page in terms of where we're headed as a firm with regard to risk management. We have a well-defined structure for identifying risk, escalating risks with the -- and that starts with the management governance committees. You see those here, asset and liability management, liquidity, capital, interest rate risk, credit and market risk, operational risk, a long list of operation, technology and sales practice-type issues that we would look at there. And then a new products and services committee that's separate. This is where we look at any new product before we launch it to make sure that we have the controls in place that are necessary to meet our internal standards and that ultimately the risk is consistent with the risk appetite of the firm. Those management committees report up to the global risk committee where we bring it all together and the global risk committee directly to the board risk committee. We use what I think is a fairly traditional approach to risk management, consider the 3 lines of defense. The business line, the front line, the people that are managing the business, they have the first obligation. They're the first line of defense. They need to establish the policies and procedures to manage adequately the risk that their businesses face. Second line of defense is risk management, my team and corporate oversight functions. We establish policy, guidelines, basically the boundaries within which the businesses operate when they're taking risk. Then the third line of defense, the fully independent line, is internal audit. Internal audit doesn't make any policies. They assess our controls, the implementation of our risk management process and report directly to the Board of Directors on their findings. A little more about my team, corporate risk management. We have the obligation, responsibility for establishing the enterprise risk management framework at Schwab. It covers credit, market, liquidity, operational risk. We establish and develop policies. We allocate limits. We measure, monitor and test against those limits and we report up directly to the CEO and to the Board of Directors with the findings that we have. We're a key participant in the capital stress testing process that all financial institutions are spending more time on these days, so that we have, independent from the business lines, input into the results of stress scenarios on our balance sheet. A couple of things on key initiatives that we've been working on at Schwab. We've always had an enterprise-wide risk management structure. But we've been moving to formalize things more, particularly in the current regulatory environment. One of the areas I'll call out in particular is operational risk management. I believe we've done a good job at Schwab managing operational risk. When we looked at the losses historically, we've generally accounted for them directly by an accounting method. And what we're trying to do more of currently is also categorize those operational losses by the risks that resulted in those losses, the risks that may have caused them. This gives us an opportunity to look across the firm, look for commonalities, look for emerging trends and begin to address them before they become a problem. It's a big effort. It covers every one of the business units at Schwab. Another thing I'll comment on is risk appetite statements. I mentioned that the culture about risk at Schwab has been long-held. We've been working, though, with Board of Directors to formalize our risk appetite across all the risk categories that I've been discussing with qualitative statements that guide management's actions. Once we have those qualitative statements, we've developed a process to run it through the organization and test ourselves against it. So the risk appetite statement is on the left side of the chart. They start with the Board of Directors; passed down to the global risk committee, which assigns responsibilities to those management committees that I talked about for capital, liquidity, credit, market, operational risk. Those committees are staffed with the executives of the firm, senior officers of the firm across again the entire firm, not just risk management, but the business units. We establish the limits that we will use to test ourselves against those risk appetite statements from the board. Limits are allocated down to all the subsidiaries and operating levels. They report back up to the committees every month on metrics. We aggregate them quarterly at the global risk committee and then I report them out directly to the risk committee of the board. This gives us an opportunity to measure how execution of our strategy impacts our tolerance for risk on an ongoing basis, allows us to make adjustments as needed. Now I'm going to turn a little bit to the portfolio, as I mentioned, the investment and liquidity portfolio. Very strong investment and liquidity portfolio. I started out by talking about basic tenets that we use to evaluate our portfolios. One of the things we want to maintain a lot of liquidity, we want to maintain high credit quality. That's driven us in the current market to have about 65% of the combined investment and liquidity portfolio in government agency or agency notes. So a significant portion of the portfolio essentially without credit risk. And we do have investments in asset-backed securities, ABS, as I mentioned. But we have a process to stress test those in all the downside scenarios that we have experienced in the past and taking things a step further, always assuming that the next problem will be worse than the last problem. And assessing whether the outcome for those investments will meet our risk appetite in that downside scenario. And then we spread this across the firm. So we aggregate all of our exposures, something we've always done at Schwab. I know during the financial crisis, there was a lot of discussion about institutions that had pockets of risk in places that they didn't know existed. We've always aggregated all of our credit risk, market risk, including, liquidity capital up to those risk management committees that I talked about. We set limits at the corporate level and we aggregate that. We allocate them down to the subsidiaries, so that from top to bottom, we know what our exposures are and we know that the risk taken by the subsidiaries won't exceed the aggregate limits we've set at the top of the house. Loan portfolio has very strong credit quality in our bank loan portfolios. The majority, about 60%, is first mortgages. Next largest bucket are home equity lines of credit, a couple of metrics about this portfolio. Average credit scores, 760 to 770, very strong credit. I mentioned our clients come to us with equity in their properties. The average loan to value, even on a refresh basis, looking at home price indexes and the decline in the home prices, is in the high 50% range, low 60% for our first mortgage portfolio and low 60s for our HELOC portfolios. So both the first and second lien portfolios, very strong levels of equity by our clients. I mentioned that all of that, along with good clients, generates good portfolio results. This chart shows prime mortgages and home equity lines of credit. And in this case, we've looked at only mortgages that started with credit scores greater than 680, that's the lowest credit score that we accept, and started with loan to values less than 80%, again consistent with our underwriting. The dotted lines that you see is the rest of market. The solid lines at the bottom, the blue line, and the -- blue line is our first mortgage portfolio; the orange line, our home equity line portfolio. So you can see throughout the last couple of years and certainly through the cycle, very consistent performance. Never really peaking up above 1% even when the market was seeing rates in the same credit metrics above 9%. One of the key benefits we have in lending and focusing our lending on the Schwab client base is that they also have liquidity. We found that a client that has $100,000 in liquidity at the broker-dealer performs significantly better even when they lose the value in their home or when their credit scores go down than those who do not. It make sense really if you think about an individual who's taken the time to manage their money and set aside some savings for the future. If they do lose their job, it bridges them to the next job. So it results in very strong credit metrics. Finally, I want to touch a little bit on interest rate risk management. Joe talked a lot about the assessments that we do, the impact of change in the interest rates on Schwab. I wanted to talk a little bit about what my team does in terms of measuring and monitoring that process. We set policy limits for net interest income and the changes in market value of equity related to increases and decreases in interest rates. We assess those every quarter, report them out to the ALCO Committee and on up to the board risk committee. We use parametric measures, Joe mentioned duration and convexity, to assess the impact of the change in rates on the valuation of our portfolio and the pace of that change. We do scenario analysis. So we run 24 different scenarios every month, different shapes of the yield curve to try to get an assessment of what the sort of outcome space is in terms of what might happen at Schwab. This helps us to inform how we manage the balance sheet. Of course, we also do complex macroeconomic stress testing. So the type of stress testing that you see in the Federal Reserve having most of the larger banks do, although we're not required to do that kind of work yet. And then finally, sensitivity analysis. One of the things you know if you're trying to forecast things or assess what the impact of rate changes will be 5, 10, 20 years out when you're looking at mortgage product, for example, one of the things you know is that some of your assumptions are going to be wrong. So you need to do sensitivity analysis. You need to assume your assumptions are wrong and try to get an assessment what if we're off by 10%, 20%, 30% in our assumptions, what is the outcome going to be for the firm. So all of these is used to inform the Asset-Liability Management Committee about the potential outcomes and assist us in managing the portfolio. So hopefully, in a brief time today, I've given you a sense of risk management at Schwab, the culture, where it comes from, the structure we have for reporting, escalating, identifying risk, and finally, the results that it turns into for our investment, loan, our balance sheet products and portfolios. And with that, I will open up to questions.
Unknown Attendee: Could you talk about the size of the team that's working on the stress tests? And when did you start or when do you start formally participating in the stress tests?
Nigel J. Murtagh: So I have to count up the numbers, I don't know if Joe knows, because the stress testing team is really spread across 3 areas. So our financial reporting group that does standard income forecasting has a component of it. My team have about 100 people in total. Not all of them work on stress testing, but some of them work on the credit stress testing, some the market risk, some the operational risk. And then the treasury team participates a lot in the liquidity stress testing and what the ultimate capital measures would mean. So I can't give you a number in terms of the people that do it. We started -- we've always done different versions of stress testing. We really started formally 2 years ago, even though we've not been subject to the regulatory guidelines, running the types of macroeconomic scenarios that the Fed has published and presenting that to the Board of Directors. So 2 years ago, last year; we'll do it again this year. As best as we can tell, it would be next year, 2014, with disclosures potentially in 2015 when we'd actually become subject to the regulation and have to do the disclosures.
Unknown Attendee: So you spoke a lot to how the high-quality assets you have and how conservative you are in your balance sheet. I guess at what point do you feel more comfortable moving out a little bit more on the risk spectrum? Or how could we see that reflected in some of the assets you hold going forward?
Nigel J. Murtagh: Yes, it really depends on the assets, themselves, and that transparency that they provide us. So we don't limit ourselves in any particular asset class. We don't say we're not going to invest in this type of thing. It depends on the information we can get from the issuers of those securities and the level of transparency that they're going to give us so that we can do that assessment of what can occur on the downside. What we don't want to do is invest in products where we don't feel like we get the -- we have the ability to do that downside assessment, so that when a financial crisis comes, like 2008, it's a surprise to us. I think, through 2008, that proved to be a good method for us. We stick to it. It can be difficult low-rate environments. There's no doubt there can be some pressure to look at things that generate additional yields. But sticking to those basic tenets has served us well. Chelsea?
Chelsea de St. Paer: What are your 2 to 3 greatest concerns on the landscape today and then also specific to Schwab?
Nigel J. Murtagh: That's the classic risk management question that keeps you up at night kind of question. Two to 3, well, let me sort of work through some things that we can control and then things that we don't always control. And so things you can't always control or can't control as well that probably concern me the most. So when we're making these investments, we have more control over what we want to invest in and we can manage what the downside exposure will be. The same with interest rate risk management. Joe talked about it. We can do assessment of what would occur at Schwab. So those are easier to control. And as a result, they don't concern me quite as much. That things that concern you are things that you have less control over. So certainly, regulatory risk is one of them. We maintain this relatively conservative stance, keeping capital levels for us where they are is important to that. If you have regulatory mandates to raise your capital levels, then you may have to raise your risk profile to generate an adequate return. You can't control that from the outside so that concerns you. Operational risk that you can't control quite as well whether they're natural disasters, Superstorm Sandy that closes down the markets, cyber attacks. Those things are little harder to control because they're external to the firm and so they tend to worry me more whether or not we've done everything we can do that's reasonable in terms of managing those risks.
Chelsea de St. Paer: Another one, regarding rates rising, Walt and Joe have framed the upside for shareholders. What do you see is the greatest risk from your point of view?
Nigel J. Murtagh: Well, the greatest risk is clearly further downside in terms of the rates. We're coiled for the upside so we're in relatively good shape. As Joe said, we're very conscious of managing the duration and convexity of our portfolio. So even sharp rises in rates, while they will have an impact on the duration of the portfolio, as Joe mentioned, the maturity level of our portfolios is such that it doesn't expand that far before it gets back into track. So upside, we intend to be in pretty good shape. Downside, I guess, the worry is that you become like Japan some day, right? You have 80 basis points on the JGB. If you have treasuries do that at a 10-year, that's a risk. And there's only so much risk mitigation you want to put in place to protect yourself against that, right? One of the ways you will protect yourself against that downside risk is to extend that duration. It's a whole long to longer term assets. And the way we view it is that taking that risk and giving up that upside that will occur to protect ourselves against downside is not the right place to be right now. So that's the greatest risk to us really is further downside. So is there anywhere in the room here? Chelsea?
Chelsea de St. Paer: Can you talk about risk management in the context of reducing Schwab's Tier 1 leverage ratio from 7.5% that it used to be at the back to the 6.25%? How do you think about the cushion now relative to regulatory minimums?
Nigel J. Murtagh: Yes, so the way we do we look at the capital levels and what's required is through the stress testing that I talked about. So our goal is to have sufficient capital that in an extreme downturn, we are still going to have a cushion to the regulatory minimums. And so when we look at 7.5% and we did those stress tests, it still left a huge cushion. Certainly, we could get down to 6.25%, 6%. And given the quality of the way we manage our balance sheet, we're able to absorb those significant downturns and still have a cushion to the regulatory minimums. That's the process that we go through on a regular basis. To assess it, we set scenarios in the first quarter. In the mid-year, we run mid-year stress tests, report those to the Board of Directors. Third quarter, we come back, additional scenarios that we'll talk about with the board. And then the fourth quarter and then January, bring those stress tests back. So it's a constant process of looping through and understanding whether you have adequate capital to mitigate those downside risks.
Chelsea de St. Paer: Related to that, how do you think about recalibrating the leverage ratio target from here?
Nigel J. Murtagh: So I'm not sure exactly what you mean by the question. I guess, if I think about recalibrating, we continue to do this process, right, that this is sort of that sometimes perverse logic about raising capital levels. If you raise capital levels on a firm like ours and you end up driving the firm, have to take on more risks to generate a return on that capital, that generates greater exposure to downsize during economic downturns that can cost you that more capital. It's sort of a negative virtuous cycle. So we do this evaluation on a regular basis and that's the way we would set that. I don't know if that answers the question of the person's who's asking you. Question here in the room?
Unknown Attendee: I think on the 1 slide you show just the securities portfolio like the mix. And the 1 area that increased year-over-year was in ABS portfolio, which makes sense for a variety of reasons. But when you think about your safer securities versus, say, that portfolio, what's your kind of max limits on, say, something like an agency versus ABS. I'm just trying to think how you do that or where would that get to?
Nigel J. Murtagh: Yes, so with regard to the agencies, we don't have a max limit with perspective of credit, but the limits there are going to be more driven by the market risk. Certainly, agency mortgage-backed securities have optionality in them and so we're going to want to maintain a certain level of market risk, interest rate risk. With regard to ABS, we do have limits that we have established at the instrument-type level across sectors, across geographic regions. The growth that you've seen in the ABS portfolio in the last year has been primarily in Department of Education-backed student loan product. So student loan asset-backed securities slabs as they call them. Those products come with a 97% government guarantee on the underlying loans. And then they're structured as such that there's additional collateral in the pool to make up more than the additional 3% that's left over. So we have more than 100% credit enhancement in that pool before we purchase it. That's where we've seen on a risk-return basis, the best opportunities and that's where you're seeing the growth in that portfolio. Chelsea?
Chelsea de St. Paer: Can you talk about the risk management process when evaluating potential acquisitions?
Nigel J. Murtagh: So the corporate development team, which is under Joe, leads the acquisition assessment process. And what they do is bring in subject matter experts from, certainly, from the business lines, from risk management, from legal, corporate oversight. And we have a playlist, if you will, to evaluate and do the due diligence of the firms that we assess. Certainly, risk management always has a seat at the table there and an opportunity to have input or object if something comes up. Chelsea, if you have -- no more?
Nigel J. Murtagh: Okay. If there's not anymore, then I stand between you and a break. I appreciate the time to speak with you today. And I think we're going to take about 10 minutes. All right. Thank you. [Break]
Walter W. Bettinger: Well, good morning, everyone. Good afternoon. Those on the web, thank you for joining us today. I'm Walt Bettinger and I'm going to spend the next 30 to 40 minutes, talking a little bit at a higher level when I was reviewing the agenda for today and I realized that Joe is going to lead off with interest-rate scenarios, followed by Nigel, who by the way, is my favorite Monday morning one-on-one, as you can probably imagine. But Joe would be followed by Nigel, talking about risk management. I said, I think, I'll take a little bit different direction. So what I'm going to cover during my time is I'm actually going to invite you into what is a discussion with the board, around what the board looks for from me, within my role as CEO, the topics that we discussed, the big picture goals that they have in mind for me within my position. And they revolve around 3 primary long-term objectives for our company. The first 1 is to win in the marketplace. And by win in the marketplace, what I refer to -- what I'm referring to here is gaining share, building a relative position within the market, building our asset base within the market so that we're in a position to continue to drive growth in the future. The second goal is to execute on a long-term revenue transformation. We're actually the middle of, I would, say a multi-decade transformation of Schwab from, of course, a transaction driven company to a company that generates the vast majority of its revenue based on assets, whether that be asset management or net interest income. And then third, continuing to build the long-term earnings power for the future. We spent a lot of time talking about our current earnings, we spent time talking about the upside in our revenue stream in a higher interest rate environment. But a lot of my attention is focused on the earnings growth after we realized the eventual lift from higher movement in interest rates. Of course, what we all know is that the higher lift, the lift that we'll get in revenue and earnings from higher rates, is simply what would have been achieved and what has been earned during all the years since late 2008 when rates began to be lowered due to our organic growth. So the ability to generate earnings after we received the lift from rates is the third area of focus. So let me go in a little bit more detail into each of these 3, starting with the winning in the marketplace and the objective of building our share. It begins with our strategy through client size, you've heard be speak of this many times, very consistent it's been our approach across the company now for coming up on 10 years. A very simple concept but 1, which provides guardrails for us when we consider alternatives and ideas and options for the growth of our company. The second point I want to touch on is the long-term decision that we made in early 2009. Early 2009 was a very difficult time for our industry and a particularly difficult time for a number of the firms that we compete with. And so we made the decision at that point to begin what would be around a 4-year, fairly aggressive investment plan in our clients, in our capabilities, closing some gaps that we felt we had and actually widening some gaps that we felt we had advantages on our competitors. In early '09, if you were a firm who's revenue was based largely on asset management, of course, that was depressed. If you were a firm who's revenue was based largely on transactions, that was depressed. And of course, if you were a firm whose brand was critical to your distribution and growth, many of the firms with that situation also felt pressure due to losses they incurred and damage to their brands. So we made a decision to aggressively invest for about a 4-year period to try to separate us from a number of those competitors. Third point in terms of our winning in the marketplace, we think it begins with discipline. Discipline, meaning that not every idea is a winning idea. They may all be good ideas, but they're not all ideas that we're going to invest in, we're going to be selective as we make our calls, we're going to try to determine which battles we want to win, which playing fields we want to be successful on and then aggressively pursue those. And of course, fourth, in terms of market share, I would argue that today, we are in on a relative basis, the most disadvantaged position that we could be in relative to our competitors, because we're the firm that is hurt the most by what is the remaining outcome from the financial crisis, and that is the low interest rates. So that as we head more into a normalized environment over the next, hopefully, handful of years, we'll have a disproportionate benefit, disproportionate gain and be in a position to be even more disruptive relative to the firms who we compete with and continue to add sure. So let's take a look at some of the implications and actual results from these decisions. This is a chart that shows our growth, our organic growth and net new assets on the core side. So we don't factor in the mutual fund clearing assets that generate a couple of basis points for us. You can see the progress we've made since the beginning of 2009 when we made the strategic decision to ramp up the level of our investment. You can also see the progress that we've made in terms of total assets, building our market share relative to these 4 competitors who, of course, are publicly traded and therefore, we can look at audited results relative to their assets, AUM. And you can see our line relative to a number of other lines and we're quickly closing the gap relative to the 1 publicly-traded competitor who has more assets. Why do assets matter? Assets matter when we get into the monetization part of our strategy. Because at Schwab, much of our strategy revolves around acquiring new clients, building up assets and then through win-win solutions for our clients, being in a position to monetize those assets with strategies that are good for the client and, of course, also good for shareholders. The second goal is this large-scale revenue transformation, the story that all of you are very familiar with. But we are striving to continue to diversify our revenue stream, pull away from the transactional, what we consider the commoditized part of the business. Not that it's not important and not that it doesn't have strong marginal profitability, it does. But for the long-term, we think it's a commoditized service and 1 who is likely to have pricing challenges when we look in the long-term out into the future. So we continue to strive to build toward more recurring balance revenues. This is a slide that shows our progress in that transformation, peaking about 15 years ago. You could see around 60% of our revenue came on transactions. Today, we're at 17 and we make a reasonable set of estimates out 5 years from now, we think that number will be somewhere around 10% of our total revenue. And then what this slide does is it shows the 3 main components of our revenue broken down at 5-year increments over the last 15 years and then makes an estimate for 2018. So you look at trading revenue, net interest revenue, asset management administration fees. You notice how I carefully stay away from ever identifying colors, because for those of you who aren't aware, I'm color blind. So, actually, I have no idea what colors those are. I could make a guess and you would laugh. When you live 52 years with color blindness, you learn to make educated guesses and then sometimes people look at you saying, "What in the world are you talking about?" when your guess is incorrect. But the light bar or lighter bar, I believe, on the left, trading revenue, the darker one in the middle net interest revenue and then the other lighter one on the right side. I was going to guess and I thought, no, I'm not going to do that -- is our asset management administration fees. One item just to call out on this particular slide, from 2008 to 2013, the asset management line, of course, is impacted by what's going on with our money market fund waivers, which, what, I believe $157 million in the second quarter of this year. So that particular bar would look quite different if not for the waivers. Of course, as would the net interest income. Along with this transformation from a transactional company to this full-service, high-value firm, monetization is critical for us. And we began a strategy about 10 years ago to expand our capabilities in serving our retail clients with advisory driven solutions. And this is a slide that illustrates the implications of that decision, as well as I think the opportunity. You can see that about 17% of our assets within the retail franchise are now under some form of fee-based advisory relationship. We think there is significant room for that number to run, whether it has the potential to get to 2x that number, I don't think it's completely unreasonable over a period of time. But today, we're at about 17% and just under $140 billion. Joe alluded to it earlier this morning, and I'm sure that John and Andy will speak to it, but one of the short-term challenges we've had here in 2013 is that our success, whether it be within our Schwab Private client program, which is our largest advisory solution, but also Windhaven Investments and more recently ThomasPartners. We've had such success in 2013 with the enrollment of existing clients into these programs that it's caused a bit of breakage in our field compensation. Pain in the short-term, but it's actually exactly what we want. It's the winning strategy for the long-term, good for our clients and, of course, great for our shareholders also given the ongoing revenue stream that this generates for us, as clients move in to the advisory side. I would say there a few initiatives in our company over the last 10 years that have been more strategic, more important for our long-term future. And I would also add, more challenging. Because this transition from transactional side to where you build enough trust and depth in the relationship with the client and credibility for them to be willing to pay you an ongoing percentage of their assets to help manage their money is an extraordinarily challenging undertaking to be easy to talk about, very difficult to achieve. More in the service of our self-directed clients, we've continued to also invest in our commission-free platforms. So these are platforms that generate for us again ongoing recurring balance revenue. On the left side of the chart, mutual funds from our OneSource program, as well as our Schwab equity and bond funds, our variable NAV products. And then on the right side, far more recently, our new Schwab ETF program. You can see the growth within these numbers. Now I do want to call out -- I saw the lift from 2008 to 2013, the hockey stick there is rather remarkable. In fairness, these are end of year numbers for the full periods we're showing you '98, 2003, 2008 and, of course, all we can show you now is the end of Q2 for '13. So as I'm sure we all remember, the end of 2008 values were depressed a fair amount because of the equity markets. But continuing strong growth, this is a question I get on a regular basis. Walt, are you cannibalizing your OneSource programs with your advisory solutions? Or are you cannibalizing your OneSource programs with your ETFs? And I think what this chart shows you by looking at these 2 side-by-side, the answer is, no. We can grow both. We can grow our OneSource balances and our OneSource business with the great partners that we have. And at the same time, we can grow our proprietary mutual funds, as you can see in the left-hand chart, and our ETFs, as you can see on the right. And then lastly just our ETF OneSource program barely out of the gates, just a couple of months old, we've already grown to about $3 billion in our commission-free ETF OneSource program. And then the third area I wanted to touch on before going to Q&A is just the investment in our long-term earnings power. Again, as I mentioned, it can become confusing to talk about this because we all know there's this pent-up lift that comes from a more normalized interest rate environment. What we always have to go back to is that's not happening out of magic. We have built that earnings power over the last 5 years. And if rates today and over the last 5 years had been what where they were in, say, '07, '08, we would've instead seen this very steady growth in our revenue and earnings, as opposed to this waiting for this one-time lift. My goal is that ongoing steady growth in revenue and earnings after, of course, we get the lift that comes from rates. We think that comes from further growth within our retail franchise, aggressive client acquisition and wallet share penetration. We think it comes from the continuing success in the RIA business model. We think a strong business model likely to continue to gather market share gains, as it has historically. And then further monetization, enrollment within our advisory solutions and the conversion of assets from transaction-driven assets, driving transactional revenue to assets that drive recurring revenue. I won't spend too much time on our new approach to the brand advertising. It's more than a campaign. It's a positioning of our entire company. I think John and Andy will spend more time on it. I just want to call out 2 particular important aspects of "Own Your Tomorrow". The first aspect is that this is a return to our challenger brand position. Now it may seem strange for a company with over $2 trillion of client assets entrusted to it to be talking about itself as a challenger brand. But that's what Charles Schwab is. Charles Schwab is the consummate challenger company, upsetting the apple cart, doing things that are unique within the industry, putting client's interest at the forefront. And I think as you see this program evolve from its initial just anthemic advertising into its ongoing presentations, both on TV and in print and on the web and with social, you'll see how it's positioning us in our rightful place as a challenger brand. And then the second key point on this advertising and brand campaign approach is that it is far more inclusive of our entire company. Talk to Chuck, albeit very successful, was a highly retail-driven program. It's very difficult to take Talk to Chuck and have that tie into, for example, our RIA business, whereas Own Your Tomorrow is inclusive of all parts of our company, whether it be retirement, retail or on the advisor side. So we're very excited, again, John and Andy, I'm sure will spend some more time and maybe he can give you an opportunity to watch a few ads, if I'm not mistaken. Within our vision at Schwab, we are very clear. We believe that financial services is a business of trust. In fact, maybe more a business of trust than almost any business line. And so our vision is to be the most trusted leader in investment services. And we measure that in a number of different ways. One way we measure the course is with our net promoter score, or as we call internally, our Client Promoter Score. If you do a valuated measure, we're at 55, both in our advisor business and in our retail business, near best-in-class for promoter scores. And from a trust standpoint, #1 rated by Temkin in the investment industry. Very, very important to our long-term strategy and our long-term goals. And you would expect this of course with a company who's strategy is to do things through the eyes of its clients. Further building for our long-term growth is the management of our balance sheet. And what you can see here is that we have grown our assets there, 14% CAGR, over the last 10 years. We all know the story of that darker line, again I won't guess the color, but we all know the story of that darker line in terms of what it's done to our net interest margin, as well as we all are anxiously awaiting the story as that number turns and heads back toward where it was in 2008. But what we want to try to do, as we've discussed in the past is build this balance sheet number to the extent it is with yield in sensitive dollars. We are not interested in building the balance sheet with highly yield, elastic dollars that will expect very high interest credits in a more normalized rate environment. We look to build this with yield and sensitive balances. And of course, as I mentioned earlier, simply the growth of client assets is critical to our strategy. We need to add clients, we need to build the assets under custody at Schwab, so that we're in a position to monetize and further build our revenue stream in our earnings. So the ongoing growth of our assets is critical 10% CAGR over the last 15 years. So let me just summarize very quickly before we go to Q&A. Again my goals when I spend time with our board and we talk at our long-term objectives, winning in the marketplace, taking share, executing on this multi-decade transformation that is illustrated with our transactional revenue falling from the 60% it was back 15 years ago, on its way to around 10%, and then building that earnings power for the future. We're not a one-trick pony waiting on interest rates to go up. We will deliver earnings for our shareholders between now and then, as well as we anticipate being in a position to do so, subsequent to the time that rates were to normalize. So let me stop there. One thing I did want to mention before we go to Q&A, just for clarity, because we know that sometimes as these things come out in the press, they are often confused. But you'll see a report that I executed about approximately 1 million shares of stock options here earlier this week. The natural questions come out of that, what does that mean, what's behind it? These were granted to me in early 2007. They were set to expire. They were 7-year options, so they were set to expire at the beginning of 2014. Very small amount in terms of in the money, unfortunately. But we know the press tends to report gross numbers, so it looks like a large number. Subsequent to that execution I have around 6 million shares still and if you look at all of my vested and unvested options restricted stock units, as well as directly owned shares. But I just wanted to share that information with everyone, because when the press starts to report on those things, sometimes the context and the details behind them is somewhat lacking.
Walter W. Bettinger: But let me stop there and open up to questions from the audience. I already see Chelsea as -- probably has a collection of them. But any here for folks live in the room? Question here?
Unknown Analyst: I want to focus on the RIA secular growth. One of your competitors last quarter said that they saw a slowdown in the advisor growth due to the rising markets. Can you talk a little bit more about that how are you guys doing in the RIA growth segment in 2013? And do you refute or do you agree with this comment?
Walter W. Bettinger: I think they're talking -- Bernie will be in a position to talk in a lot more depth about this, but I'll share my perspective on it. I think they're talking about the small segment of individuals who might be breaking away from maybe full-service or regional firms or maybe even independent firms. But the overall trend rates in the advisory business continue very strong, our net new assets are very strong, our net TOAs are very strong. Bear in mind that for a franchise our size and the advisor business almost $1 trillion in assets that the amount of NNA that comes from a break -- from the breakaway brokers or advisors turning independent, I don't know what terminology you want to use, is actually very small. And as we have indicated over the last handful of years, this notion that everyone was going to leave the wirehouses or leave the regionals and become an RIA was a nonstarter concept. I mean, that was simply not going to occur. It's a long-term trend, it will have ups, it will have downs. But we don't see anything meaningful from the improving equity markets to change that long term trend or to have any impact in terms of the growth rates that we're seeing in that business. Did I leave anything for you in that Bernie?
Bernard J. Clark: Yes, I was just thinking that's where [indiscernible] is.
Unknown Analyst: Just on the advisory side, so you pointed to the growth over the past 10 years going from 7 to 17. And when you think about -- you had taken that from 17 to, say, 35. Is it the current client base that as the sales force, the advisors, are talking to and bringing more cash into the doors into new clients, I think in the last investor update, you guys kind of targeted at I think it was maybe 2 million and below, but it was kind of a new opportunities. So any update on that?
Walter W. Bettinger: I think to drive that number from 17 up to potentially double it, it's a combination of both. I believe the majority of that will come from existing clients. But we do think that there is an opportunity to contribute to that growth rate from the acquisition of clients who might be today at one of the wirehouse firms. Again, I think John and Andy will probably talk about a little bit more in depth. But it's I'd say a combination of both, but principally from existing clients. Again, you think about our model, we're better known today for delivering advisory services than we were a handful of years ago, but still, the vast majority of people think of Schwab today if you just go out in the street, on the retail side more as a self-directed firm. So often, they come to Schwab and then become exposed and aware of the broad range of capabilities that we have, which is why the existing client part will often drive it. Now sometimes the window is very short. So by that, I mean, they'll come to Schwab, say, from a wirehouse thinking that they're going to do more self-directed investing, not really aware of our capabilities, but within the first couple of months, they'll become exposed to those through their financial consultant. And then fairly quickly enroll into an advisory solution. So the line is a little bit blurred, but I think the majority comes from existing clients.
Unknown Analyst: So you talked about winning the market share battle over time and adding to the client assets. So kind of as a company, where do you think about over the longer term, where your investments are going to be tailored, such that you continue to win that battle and continue to grow assets, not only just growing them, but being able to monetize them very well like you're doing now?
Walter W. Bettinger: I'm going to get the name wrong, I'm sure, was it Willie Sutton or something who talked about why'd he rob banks, because that's where the money was -- no, is that who it was? For our growth, it's going to need to occur from where the money is today, which means a lot of acquisition from the wirehouse firms that have a significant amount of the assets today. And we see that in our net TOA results in both our advisor business and our retail business. So I think that's really where the assets are and where we're targeting for much of our growth in both those major segments. Chelsea, I see your hand waving.
Chelsea de St. Paer: We have several. There's a couple related to the 2018 estimates that we showed on the revenue mix.
Walter W. Bettinger: That's a shock to me.
Chelsea de St. Paer: What level of interest rates does that assume? It looks pretty conservative. And I can help answer that, if you'd like.
Walter W. Bettinger: That would be great.
Chelsea de St. Paer: It assumes just a very conservative 200 basis point increase in Fed funds.
Walter W. Bettinger: Yes. In other words, the real question is are you somehow moving off projections that you had previously anticipated based on higher rates by 2018, right? That's really the question. We're not moving off anything. It's just the assumptions used in that.
Chelsea de St. Paer: To what extent versus the past, do you view the bank as not only a cash monetization vehicle, but also as a key competitive weapon for both wallet share penetration and also client acquisition? Specifically, competing more with banks and transactional banking.
Walter W. Bettinger: So it's an interesting question. Let me first say what it's not and then there can be some examples of where it can be used competitively. We're not interested within the bank is using it as a means to compete based on yield. That is not what our bank is there for. So we are not interested in being in the money changing business where we chase deposits or clients or assets that are yield sensitive. Are there opportunities without being yield sensitive to use it as a lever? Yes, there are. So for example, our pledged asset loans are an opportunity for us for growth. And we think about our advisors that we serve and all of their clients. It's a natural for virtually every one of their clients to have a pledged asset loan. If that client wants access, these affluent clients served by advisers wants access to money to purchase something. The advisor doesn't want them to sell their investments, we're not necessarily anxious for that and the client often doesn't want to either, the client wants access to rapid liquidity and so pledged asset loan is a huge opportunity. Again it's up about, I believe, about 50% year-over-year. Of course, our margin balances are also up about 8% year-over-year. But pledged asset line is an example. So in areas where we can utilize the bank to further our organic growth and take share without doing so, by playing, chasing money based on yield, we'll take advantage of those opportunities. Go ahead Chelsea, you're on a roll. You're on a better roll if you have the answers too.
Chelsea de St. Paer: I'll let you answer this one. How's the competitive landscape been evolving? It seems like traditional wirehouses are reenergized on wealth management businesses and some were challenged discount players are regaining footing, too.
Walter W. Bettinger: Yes, the competitive environment doesn't change quarter by quarter, I would say, to a great extent. The wirehouse firms have great representatives and they build deep trusting relationships with their clients to a great extent. And they will always be a wonderful competitor as a result. That's good, that challenges us. It makes us get better in order to keep growing and taking share. So I have tremendous respect for them and maybe even more respect for their registered representatives who build these relationships with clients. In terms of the discount side, very, very small implications for us, not a lot of money movement back and forth in terms of share gains, wins, loss or anything like that. That's really not where the money is, as you may recall from the slide I had up there. So although they're there, they're not meaningful in terms of where we're going as a company and not meaningful in terms of the type of clients that we're pursuing relative to the ones that they pursue. Questions in the room? Chelsea -- oh, here's one right here. Here we go.
Unknown Analyst: Two parts. Just when we think about the ETF strategy and I know it's early days, but what have you seen in terms of keeping client assets or bringing new client assets in? Because I think if we look at the fee rate, in, like, the advisory plus the ETS, it looks like the fee rate went down a little bit, but the asset growth could be offsetting that. And then just the second part, you mentioned in a more normal, say, earnings environment. You can focus more on the areas that you can disrupt the industry. Anything that comes out besides like pricing? I mean, you guys have been pretty active on the 401(k) side in terms of being a new strategy, but anything that comes up to mind?
Walter W. Bettinger: So I think that the -- when you said advisory in your first part of the question, you're referring to the RIA business, in terms of price revenue compression there or are you referring to retail advisory?
Unknown Analyst: It's overall. But, I mean, I think what I look at it is just the fee rate.
Walter W. Bettinger: Sure. So what we're seeing with ETFs is not that ETFs are cannibalizing OneSource mutual fund or those types of revenue streams. They seem to be cannibalizing more individual securities. So individual stocks, in some cases, individual bonds. That's where we're seeing asset movement. We're also seeing a lot of new money go into those vehicles. So I guess that's a more subtle form of cannibalization, than the obvious movement of money from one pocket into another pocket. But we're not seeing -- again, the chart that was up there with OneSource growth, to believe to $235 billion today, that continues to grow quite strongly. So we're not seeing that cannibalization. But I would argue that even if we were, we would be doing the same thing, because that's what clients want. And we're going to operate the business through their eyes and serve them as the forefront of our priorities, and then figure out ways with our scale and our efficiency and in our business model to be strongly profitable. But we're not seeing that movement to ETFs, cannibalizing our other revenue streams to any meaningful extent. In terms of moves, in a more normalized environment, I'm probably not going to share some of the things that we think about there, because they're designed to be disruptive to the market. But I think if you just put yourself in the shoes of the consumer and say, if you were a consumer, what would be the ideal situation that you would like, whether you're a self-directed investor or you're an investor hiring professional management or you're an advisor looking to grow and build your own business, what would you ideally want to have? Those are the types of things that we're looking to deliver to them. Just as I think, in fairness, we've tried to do for the last 40 years. So, disrupting on behalf of the individuals and the firms that we look to serve, we think, is the winning strategy.
Chelsea de St. Paer: As you look at your advisory capabilities and other products, do you see any gaps or areas where you would like to muscle up even more in a manner similar to Windhaven and Thomas Partners?
Walter W. Bettinger: I don't feel like we have any meaningful gaps right now, with our advisory solutions, that we're likely to be out engaged in deals on. Not that we're not always looking. But just to run through the math behind, for example, deals like a Windhaven or a Thomas Partners, we have the most successful referral program of retail clients to registered investment advisors in the industry, by multitudes. We refer and close hundreds of millions of dollars of business every month, and the revenue stream on that works out to somewhere between 40 and 45 basis points to Schwab, between the fee that the advisor pays us, as well as the regular revenue that we generate with those assets being part of our custodial platform for advisors. So, if you think about expanding the strategies that we undertook with Windhaven and Thomas Partners, where we buy the firm and then offer those services to capture a higher revenue stream, you'd have to only be acquiring firms where your revenue stream would be well in excess of the 40 to 45 basis points you make from referring them, to not only amortize the cost of the acquisition but then generate significant returns for our shareholders. So that math alone probably let's you rule out certain types of products that we are unlikely to go out and do acquisitions in, as well as helps you identify which ones would be in the opportunity set. And, of course, we've done 2 of them, that match that 2 large ones for flows, dividend, equity and then global asset allocation. And then, I guess, the other point, just to reinforce, probably relatively obvious, but it has to be asset class large enough to gather meaningful flows, to make a difference. So, to do it in a nichey asset class, where maybe you can get 90 basis points or 100 basis points. But it's such a small niche, really doesn't achieve much for us. Questions here live? Chelsea?
Chelsea de St. Paer: How does Schwab ensure that sales of advise offers, which carry incentives for the field, as Joe mentioned, are in fact in the best interest of the client?
Walter W. Bettinger: Well, as with any type of sale, not just advisory-based solutions, we follow a very robust approach to compliance, whether that would be on the brokerage side, if there are suitability in the non-advisory or in the fiduciary position. If they are advisory, we have compliance units that do ongoing regular checking of every sale that occurs, that reach out to clients and confirm that they understood exactly what they're buying, what they're investing in, how it works, what its upside is, what its downside is. I mean, I think our track record is quite good in terms of not running into compliance-related issues relative to our fee-based advisory solutions. Another corresponding question that often comes up there are, what about the risks associated with the expansion of your advisory platform? Are you going to run into the potential of another dynamic like what was experienced 6 or 7 years ago, around YieldPlus? I think though things are very, very different. YieldPlus challenges were created from a client view, primarily from an expectation of a specific thing occurring, a very, very stable net asset value and then not actually occurring. These are solutions where clients, certainly at Thomas partners, Windhaven, Schwab Private Client, Schwab Advisor Network. These are solutions for clients to understand the volatility, and they're not buying something that they might potentially think will be highly stable and then it turns out not to be. They understand there will be ups and downs, so it's very, very different. Our view on building, designing and offering products where there's potential for the client mismatch, I think is well documented, even by our decision, a couple of years ago, to close our stable value fund that we offered within our 401(k) business is clear evidence of our sensitivity, from a risk standpoint, to offering products where clients might have a certain outcome expectation, but then maybe we can deliver potentially through no fault of our own, given environmental issues. So I think they're very, very different, but I might touch on it because sometimes that's a side question that comes up out of that particular topic. Maybe time for one more question. Do you have one more Chelsea? Nope, you do not. So are there any in the room? All right. If not, thank you very, very much for being here. It's great to be able to spend time with all of you. I'll also be around here at the break if there are additional questions that do come up. And I'm going to introduce John Clendening who is coleader of our Investor Services business. So, John?
John S. Clendening: Thank you, all. Thanks, appreciate that. Hello, everybody. As Walt mentioned, I'm John Clendening, and with Andy Gill, I'll be showing you an update on Investor Services. This is the part of the business that focuses on individual investors. In the retail part of the business, we serve those clients directly. We also serve clients indirectly, through retirement plans and corporate brokerage services. Today, we're going to focus entirely on retail. When were last together, Andy and I spent a fair amount of our time showing a broad perspective on performance in retail, on what we saw us to major growth opportunities within the retail business. As Rich talked about earlier, we're going to talk focus and is one of the opportunities today, the opportunity to build momentum in the affluent segment. I'm going to cover up a bit of background around that segment and then drill into how we're leveraging the Own Your Tomorrow platform to drive growth. Rich also mentioned, we're going to spend more detail than normal, probably there, given the change from time to check. Then Andy's going to come up and spend some time and how you been evolving our affluent offering, to ensure that we're always better serving clients in that affluent segment. So it's our 40th anniversary this year. We're very excited about that. Marks many, many waves of innovation in our past. Walt also emphasized, in his opening remarks, that we're in the midst of this multi-decade transformation of the company, into a full-service, high-value investment firm. In the retail business, we're now entering our fourth wave of growth. First wave, 70s and 80s, when Schwab was that pioneer discount brokerage, back when equity commission was a robust price of $70, considered an awesome deal way back then. The 1990s based on innovations like schwab.com, the firm had propelled itself into that #1 position as an online discount broker. Though admittedly, serving that very, very small part of the market of self-directed investors. On the heels of the dot-com bust, Chuck and Walt set in motion expansion into relationships into advice, following client needs. But at the same time becoming almost quietly relevant in the affluent space. So much so that by the end of the last decade we had amassed over 500,000 clients who had brought to us $250,000 or more in assets. And now the fourth wave. Fully seizing the opportunity in full service. Again, today, a focus on affluent. But I want to mention that at the outset this is not about abandoning self-directed investors. Instead, this is all about building momentum where we see a huge growth opportunity, an opportunity that we believe has never been greater for 4 fundamental reasons. First, the capabilities that we've been building, the capabilities we've been building over that 10-plus-year period that Walt talked about, have put us in a position to well-serve investors were are looking for full-service. Second, investors have responded. Affluent investors in particular. We have a demonstrated track record of attracting, growing and earning the loyalty of affluent investors. And third, despite that growth, we see a huge asset capture opportunity ahead of us. It's no secret that the majority of investors at full-commission firms simply are not fully satisfied. And then, lastly, we've identified a large segment of investors, an attractive segment of investors, part of that affluent at FCB investor, that has emerged and really solidified postcrisis. A segment that we believe is perfectly built for the Schwab model and it comprises about $2 trillion of opportunity for the firm. So, I'm going to drill into each of these 4 and talk about how, together, they present the opportunity to drive growth through redefining full service for the affluent. Capability building. So, last 10-plus years, we've been broadening and deepening our capabilities. In terms of relationships, we now have almost $5 billion of client assets and a dedicated relationship with a skilled financial consultant. Help, guidance and advice. Clients have never been more interested in Schwab's perspective than right now. We've never been more capable than now to share our perspective. Walt talked about Windhaven and Thomas Partners, great examples of win-win monetization. We have the right products, whether it's a managed account, with a pledged asset line that Walt talked about, one of those gaps that we've closed in the last couple of years, from Schwab Bank. We also have the ability to trade options online, creating income, hedging risk for our clients. We continue to build out multi channel service. This is really important for 2 reasons. Reason one, it's a key part of our ongoing cost advantage versus our competition. And second, you may have an affluent investor that really appreciates full service, but sometimes it's just a lot more convenient to use your smartphone or your iPad. Maybe you're opening an account, maybe you're moving money. Maybe you're going in and retooling your financial plan, a lot more convenient to do that, outside the context of a person and the branch, during regular business hours. Now these together, we believe, firmly push Schwab far beyond any characterization of the firm as a discount broker. Now clients have responded. These numbers are all on the affluent client base, so $250,000 or above, at Schwab. Almost $700 billion of client assets today in that segment, up an average rate of 7% per year since 2005. So clients are responding to these capabilities that we've been building. On top of that, they have rewarded us with their loyalty. We believe client loyalty, as measured by CPS, is the best single indicator of the health of a franchise and its future growth prospects. We're at 54 right now, up 2.5x versus where we were in 2005. And to put that 54 in context, we believe, based on our analysis and research, that's about 4x or so greater, or higher, than the typical wire house. Despite that growth, there's a ton of growth opportunity ahead of us. We tend to think about that multi-trillion dollar slice, that I alluded to just a bit ago, in 3 parts. First, go where the money is. I'm not going to say we're going to rob these folks of their money, as Walt sort of again -- that Willie [ph] said, in the quotation, but let's face it, there are $11 trillion at firms we call full commission brokers. So wire houses, regionals, $11 trillion. That's 6x the amount. That's over traditional competitors like a TD Ameritrade. So go where the money is. Second, go where there's dissatisfaction. Again, it's no secret that the majority of clients who had a full commission broker are not fully satisfied. We know that in the data, there's evidence for this. So if you look at money in motion in the wire houses, about 3/4 of $1 trillion of money in motion. Lost share. These competitors at wire houses, just a part of that full commission broker model, that legacy model, have lost about 6 share points, we believe, in the last 5 years. That would translate to about $900 billion draining out of those firms. Why is that? There's a lot of reasons for that, but certainly one is those clients don't truly, truly trust the firm. They may have a good measured trust for the individual, as Walt mentioned, but they don't truly trust the firm. Almost 2/3 don't believe that, that firm is looking out for their best interest. So, the third part of this, though, is playing where you can win, and playing where you can profitably. And for us, relative to affluent, it's targeting a $2 trillion piece of that market. What characterizes that market? A couple of key factors. First, these are investors who are affluent, who are very open to working with Schwab. Secondarily, they're generally willing to bring Schwab about $250,000 to around about $1 million. That sort of asset range they're willing to bring to Schwab. And third, this is really important, these are investors that are incredibly complementary when compared to our Advisor Services business. So these are investors who are not willing to turn over most decisions to an RIA. They view their needs, not as particularly sophisticated, much more straightforward. And then lastly, their affiliations is with the entire aspect of the firm, not just the person that they work with. So affiliation is with all the channels that they work with at the firm. It's the fourth piece, though, that I want to share, that describes the most important element as it relates to the brand platform. And that's around mindset. In the last meeting, we introduced you to a guy named Tobin, who's meant to personify that mindset, that attitude. It's surprisingly how many questions and comments that I got about Tobin. Let remind me you what he looks like. There's Tobin, right there. We're bringing him back, and here's some of the demographics around Tobin. So mid-50s, successful entrepreneur. He's got almost $2 million in invested assets today, split across a couple of full commission brokers, very common to have a couple brokers. He's married, a couple of kids, very active in his community. But the mindset here is what's key. So the mindset's the following -- this is a mindset, by the way, that we've researched, indexed very highly in the current Schwab client base, but also fits people like Tobin, like a suit, exactly describes Tobin. There about 8 elements, I'm going to share 4. The first is around viewing his financial life as an ongoing journey, where successes is defined by hard work and by informed risk-taking. Second, Tobin's engaged in investing, but also in life. He's the type of person with a bucket list, and he's going through that list. As he ticks something off, he adds something to that list, very engaged in life. Third, he's optimistic. He is a person who's willing to take a few swings after having stepped up to the plate. And he holds himself accountable, holds himself accountable to the outcome. And, lastly, characterized by humble prosperity, the classic millionaire next door. In terms of investing, Tobin really hates the idea of being managed. He wants more choices, more control. His ideal concept is working in partnership where he's got one hand on wheel. Second, he's very interested in a more proactive relationship with his broker. And he also wants know that, that comes with the right spot, that productivity comes from a spot of having his best interest in mind. And lastly, he's got a bunch of nagging questions. Nagging questions around can he be doing better, am I getting the right type of value? Now we've identified this mindset, as personified by Tobin back in the last meeting, the question that we're then faced with is, hey, how do we tap into that mindset? How do we gain the attention of people like Tobin, so we can grow and grow more quickly? The answer, of course, starts with a refreshed brand platform, built on current equities, but also specifically designed to gain the attention of Tobin, people like Tobin, and the $2 trillion that Tobin represents. We express that brand platform in Own Your Tomorrow. So, own your tomorrow. A concept of ownership that's based on shared values. Values that were present at our firm at its founding, 40 years ago, and certainly in the DNA of people like Tobin. Tobin knows if you want to achieve something, if you want something to happen, you've got to own it. So, for Tobin, own your tomorrow means a rallying cry for accountability and responsibility. Keeping that hand on the wheel. It's called a full engagement, not only in your life overall, but also in your investing life. And it's also again game changing philosophy, a sharp line in the sand, in contrast and against that sense of being controlled by an advisor at a full commission firm. On top of that, it's optimistic, it's inherently a call to action, and it's about the future. It leads with values, and as a result, provides a very sharp contrast to the competition. We're going to win with this platform. We're going to win by calling out and then resolving a disconnect that we very plainly see in that segment represented by Tobin. In their lives, overall, they're highly engaged. They're open to new relationships and they are able to act upon those instincts. When it comes to investing, again, this is very clear from the research that we've done, it leads up to this platform, they really feeling the have to accept what they've been given. They tend to settle for lack of knowing about a better alternative. They intend to say things like, I'm not so sure I can trust my firm, but I think my guy is okay, right? That is not a ringing endorsement of your current situation, that's much more around latent dissatisfaction. So we're going to hone in on that tension, take advantage of that tension. To Get People like Tobin to rethink how and where they do their investing. We're asking Tobin to take more control, be more engaged and work with a firm that's been enabling clients to do those things for the past 40 years. We're leveraging our towering strengths to tell that story, certainly our founder Chuck, our people and our clients. We're going to do that in a way, and have begun to this in a way that validates the current client. We don't want to chase any of those clients away that are loyal Schwab clients who love the firm today. We're going to tell in a way that is attractive and causes people like Tobin to pause and think about Schwab. Look, one of the biggest impediments to growth today, for any brand, is being met with a sense of indifference. The world is really cluttered, right? And so we've initiated our connection with Tobin on the basis of shared values. It's through shared value to get some of the stop, pause and rethink your brand. Now, what you're about to see is one of our first ads. In fact, our first ad. And I think you'll agree it's very different than anything else that's on television today. Let's run the commercial. [Presentation]
John S. Clendening: So when you look at that and sort of consider that piece of work, I think you'd agree, also, that it's very authentic. It's 100% authentic. It's intensely personal to someone like Chuck. Unexpected for a category. And maybe even most importantly, there is no way that you can substitute any other founder or any other current CEO into that advertising. It just wouldn't work. It wouldn't be genuine or authentic. It would come across is a story. And part of that reason is that values are simply different at Schwab. Now, next I'm going to show you an example of some of the advertising we're doing around our people, specifically our financial consultants. These guys are some of our greatest assets, but also some of our least well-known assets. When you meet one of these folks, you absolutely know they're fundamentally different than the broker at another firm. We figure that the best way to tell that story was to have some very real FCs tell it in their own words. Let's go ahead roll, Jeff. [Presentation]
John S. Clendening: So that's the first of many. In fact, the second FC spot broke late last night, early today, potentially. So we have 2 of these out now, several more to come. What you obviously notice is they're done in documentary style, but with a bit of a twist in the storytelling, it's there. And we do it in a way that allows the commitment that, that FC has to doing the right thing by their clients to very plainly be shown. So as part of this brand platform launch, we've also updated the look and feel of the brand. Example here is the schwab.com website. The look is meant to be more modern, more contemporary and highly appropriate for the million-plus clients that visit schwab.com every month. It's meant to also be a little bit more upscale than the prior version, but not in any way sort of exclusive or niche since Schwab is, obviously, a brand for everybody. We're activating a new platform across all client prospect touch points. What that means is everywhere clients and prospects are sort of communicating with Schwab, on an over time update to this new look and feel of the new brand platform. That's for television, print, branches, digital, you name it, relative to other venues like Hulu, a lot of eyeballs going to Hulu. You'll see advertising running in Hulu. From a media selection point of view, we're purposely aiming to get to people like Tobin. What that means is, on the television it'll tend to be news and sports. In print, news and also opinion leaders like The Atlantic. On the lower right, the sitelet, so this is where we drive prospects who want to learn a little bit more about Schwab, opportunity to see some client testimonials, hear more from Chuck, season content around why is Schwab a potentially good choice for them, easy way to open the account. We're really excited of one of the statistics we've just recently seen here. In the first month of the campaign, we've driven almost 300,000 individuals to that sitelet. That's about 4x greater than what the last campaign had done in its first month. It's very encouraging. Now, of course, the brand is a lot more than the pretty pictures and the videos. The brand, from a big picture point of view, is in a way the promise that we make to our clients, in a way that makes the brand different, better and even special versus other choices. And we've chosen to lead with that sense of differentiation, very explicitly by sharing a Schwab promise. You may have seen this initially in Barron's or The Journal. And what this is a specific set of 5 promises that we're making to all of our clients, regardless of their size, by the way. All of our clients. Now, i want to get to a question maybe on some of your minds right now, which is something along these lines. Look, lots of brands make promises, lots of brands make commitments, there's performance this, performance that, ours is faster, bigger, we get close, wider that sort of thing. Why is this different? How will this not get lost in the clutter. There are a couple of reasons for this. First of all -- and I'll show the 5 in just a second. First of all, the promise are exactly our brand today. We didn't sit down and write down 5 things we'd like to be in some distant future that we might aspire to. These are elements of the brand that exists today. Second, in a firm like ours, this is very important. These 5 promises are extremely motivating to our people. All of our people, maybe in Joe's organization, define these as motivating. They're answering the phones in the branch, highly motivating, because it's who we are as a firm. And third, these are the 5 elements that, our research tells us very clearly, differentiate Schwab for Tobin from that full commission broker. So these are the 5. I'm not going to read all the elements of these, but sort of partnering with you, getting to know you working with you on your terms. Second, access. Access to commentary but in a way that's relevant, actual and even understanding. Not always the case in our industry. Third promise, broad range of investment options, not just your own, but the very best of the best that's out there. Fourth, being open and honest, in all manner of the relationship. But including, what's often a mystery in our business, what are you actually paying the firm that you're working with. And then lastly, a commitment to driving down cost so that, as an investor, you have more. These 5, taken together and the way we deliver them, are done in a way that no other competitor could possibly do. Now there's a last element that's also different and we know that this will be sustainable, and that's because we measure and track. We measure and track everything around here, especially as it relates to marketing. And we're certainly tracking the extent to which we're getting these messages across, around these elements of the brand. But speaking of tracking, we don't do all the work that we've talked about here just because it's fun or interesting. We do it for business impact. We do it for a couple of core reasons that we expect to see over time, right? So advertising and marketing the brand are important in accumulation of new households. We expect to have an impact there. It's also important relative to driving client asset flows, current clients, as well as prospects. We also, over the long-term, expect to see some of our brand metrics continue to become stronger. But what about the short term? So I'm going to share with you some of the initial reaction that we've gotten from the campaign. I selected these 4 responses for 2 reasons. First reason is they're representative of the feedback that we've gotten from prospects that are that target set that Tobin represents. And then secondly, because they exemplify that we are getting through to Tobin. We're getting through to our target. So I liked the idea of creating our own future. It should resonate with everyone that wants to feel accountable and responsible for themselves. It tells me, you can't sit back, you got to step up the plate and take ownership. No games, a sincere across-the-table handshake with the founder. And then lastly, I feel like Schwab is setting itself apart from its competition. So, for these reasons, we believe that we are on the right track to an enduring and sustainable and also uniquely Schwab brand platform. But, of course, the brand is also more than these sort of sentiments. These are important sentiments in the minds eye, of people like Tobin, that's why we did the work. But the brand also, most critically, shows up every single day in how we work with clients. And so, to discuss that, I'd like to invite Andy Gill up to the stage to cover how we've been evolving the affluent part of our offering. Andy?
George Andrew Gill: Thanks, John. Hi. My name's Andy Gill, and along with John Clendening, I cohead Investor Services. John just shared with you the large asset opportunity we have in serving affluent clients, like Tobin. And he shared with you the brand platform that is already resonating with those clients. I believe with the changes that we've made in our affluent client offer over the last several years, that we are poised to accelerate growth among our affluent clients. So I want to spend a bit of time drilling down into our affluent client offer and how we'll accelerate that growth. We've quietly built a large and growing affluent client business. It's about 20% of our client base today. And our clients averagely have about $1.2 million with us, among those clients that have more than $250,000, and they're satisfied, a Client Promoter Score of 54 versus our 47 overall. But what I want to talk about is drilling down into 3 critical components that deliver our unique value proposition: first, the relationship, extending the relationship on our clients' terms; second, financial planning, helping clients understand how to get to their goals, to their priorities; and then finally, for-fee advice, Schwab's point of view to help them achieve those goals. So let's dig into relationships. The key to starting that relationship is really making accessible our experts, our financial consultants. And if you think about our target that John just talked about Tobin, in every single part of Tobin's life, people are trying to get to know him so they can serve him better. They're trying to get to know him so they can design and offer for him and tell him how important he is. At Schwab, we start by offering a relationship to our affluent clients, on a one-on-one basis, a dedicated financial consultant. But we don't stop there. That's really the old model. In fact, what we do is recognize that Tobin, as John said, once interact with us across many, many channels. And that's why we have over 300 local branches. That's why we have over 1,100 financial consultants. It's why we make available our specialists, whether it's portfolio consulting, fixed income, active trading, so that Tobin can interact and our targets and clients can interact with these specialists. And it's why we have multiple ways to interact, whether it's in a local branch, whether it's over the phone, over the web or their mobile device or chatting online. The key is and what differentiates Schwab is that we'll interact with the client on their terms, when they want to interact with us and how they we want to interact with us. So let's look a little deeper on relationships. I think the key metric in seeing how they appreciate that is our Client Promoter Score. So if you look at the entire Investor Services business, Walt showed you the big transformation we've made since 2004, negative 34 CPS, all the way up to today, our new high, 47. But if you look a little deeper, at just our affluent clients, our CPS is 54. And if you look even deeper at those affluent clients where we've extended a dedicated financial consultant and they have a relationship, our Client Promoter Score is 62. But we're not stopping with the ways to interact that we have today. We continue to invest in meeting clients, where they want to work with us. In February, I talked to you about extending Saturday hours. And in 18 branches, we now have Saturday hours, where a client can walk in and interact with us on a Saturday because 8 to 5 on a Monday really doesn't work for them. Or they've got something they want to sit down and take a little bit longer to do, maybe a financial plan, maybe updating some documents and having a consultation with their financial consultant. We've expanded online chat. I know no one in this room would ever multitask during an important meeting. But if they did, then they could, on their computer, get an answer to an important service question that they had on schwab.com, without ever having to not pay attention to the meeting they were in. We've also expanded our branch footprint, primarily through our Independent Branch Services, where, by the end of the year, I expect, we'll be between 22 and 24 branches in locations where we wouldn't have been able to extend that local presence without them. And then finally, we've extended more planning conversations to really deeply get to know our clients' needs. So let's dig in to that second component around financial planning. Foundational to building a relationship is really understanding deeply what our clients' priorities are. And what is unique about Schwab's approach to financial planning is it's not just about the metrics. It's really about that open, honest conversation. It's important to think about what is not. It's not that old model. It's not that one-size-fits-all, 100-page binder, where you walk into the -- you walk into the meeting and you're really trying hard to pay attention to it. But there's page after page that really doesn't apply to you. And then you take it home and you swear you're going to open it up and update it, but what it really becomes is something that takes up room in your closet. And too often, the recommendations in that big, 100-page, one-size-fits-all binder are proprietary products. No, the Schwab approach to financial planning is different. And what makes it unique is that it's personalized. It starts with really clarifying through a conversation what's the clients' priorities are, what their goals are, what's most important to them and then offers practical actionable solutions to get started, to make progress against that goal in a very, very straightforward way. And maybe the best way to -- really to mention that for you is to share a conversation I had with a couple in Austin, Texas just recently. And they've come up to me, it was a client event. They've come up to be to brag on their financial consultant. And I said, "Well, what made her so good, in your mind?" And they both answered almost in unison, "She took us through a financial planning conversation." They actually didn't say that. They said, "We got a financial plan." Let me tell you little bit about them. I mean, he's a pretty successful business executive. He takes a lot of risk in his business, and he takes a lot of risk in his investing. She, very knowledgeable investor, is very conservative. I think he made a joke that she feel most comfortable if all the money was in the mattress. So you can see that the dynamic there was creating a little friction when he mentioned that he'd like to retire soon, and she didn't think they had enough assets. The financial consultant took them through the planning conversation, took them through really understanding what their priorities were beyond just retirement to help them get to a place where they had a plan. The net result was that they agreed he would work one more year. They agreed that they did have enough assets for retirement. But the real result was that they had confidence in that decision, and they had confidence that Schwab was the right partner. This financial consultant was their right partner to not only help them get to retirement, but to manage through retirement. And I think that's the #1 reason why we're doubling the number of planning conversations that we're having this year, to deeply get to know those clients' needs, build that long-term relationship. In those planning conversations, the majority of them are about retirement. If you think about since 2008, lots have changed. The #1 thing that's changed for clients around retirement is the question they asked. It's no longer, "What date can I retire," but too often, it's, "Can I retire?" Well, we help them with strategies around accumulating the assets they need to retire, and we help them with the strategies around, in retirement, how they create that income, how they live off those assets. But we can also serve other priorities that clients may have, whether it's saving for college, a second home, taking care of elderly parents. The key is we'll sit down and identify those goals and put an actionable plan together, and those plans are driving growth. Those relationships are driving growth. If you look at the slide, 5 big up arrows. For those clients who go through a planning conversation versus those clients who we haven't yet taken through a planning conversation, we see NNA lift. We see an increase in our Client Promoter Score by 14 points, pretty significant, and deeper client retention. But what's interesting is that when we go through those conversations, clients really want to know our point of view around investment management. They want Schwab's help, not only to identify their goals and identify a plan, but to help them manage it over time, and that's leading to increases in advice enrollment. It's also leading to increases in our for-fee advice assets. So let's turn to that third component that I mentioned at the beginning, and that's for-fee advice. John took you through the continuum of Schwab's evolution. Our advice evolution is a lot shorter. It's only about 11 years. And if you think back to 2002, the needs of our clients have changed pretty dramatically, even over that last 11 years. But back in 2002, to respond to clients who were really asking for help and asking us to help them manage their investments, we introduced Schwab Advisor Network, our network of registered investment advisors that we refer business to; and Schwab Private Client, our nondiscretionary advice offer. A little later in response to client need, we introduced Managed Account Select, giving our clients access to the best third-party money managers. And then we introduced Schwab Managed Portfolios. Now this is our ETF wrap and our mutual fund wrap, where with as little as $25,000, investors can get started in a fully diversified portfolio that we manage through Schwab's experts. And then Walt talked about, most recently we've added Windhaven and ThomasPartners. From a range, we charge between 50 basis points for Schwab Managed Portfolios all the way up to about 95 basis points, so accretive to our self-directed ROCA. Clients are looking at, "How does -- how can you help me? How can your point of view help me achieve my goals?" And the business results, and Walt shared this number earlier, they've been pretty strong, 17% growth in assets under management to $138 billion. And where is it coming from? Well, if you look on the right-hand side of the slide, 5 big up arrows. Even our largest offers, Schwab Managed Portfolios and Schwab Advisor Network, saw double-digit growth. And look up at the top, Windhaven, 62% growth in assets. And responding to a question we got earlier, it's coming from our affluent clients today. 23% of our of our affluent clients have some form of our fee-based advice. But adoption is even stronger among those clients. The target that John talked about, among those clients who have been with us less than a year. They come to Schwab maybe thinking they're going to do a little bit more of it themselves or in conjunction with their financial consultant. And when they're made aware of all the capabilities that we've added, they're adopting fee-based advice. 28% of them already have that. So let's go back and talk about our target, talk about Tobin. What Tobin is really seeking is a partnership. Not somebody that's going to do everything for him, but somebody where he can have a conversation. Someone that is interested in his priorities, in his ideas and how to incorporate those. Tobin is interested in more choices, which is one of the reasons we've expanded our fee-based advice offer to take advantage of all the needs our clients have. And then finally, quality at a fair value. So what I thought I'd do is spend just another minute or 2, talking about 3 of those fee-based advice offers in a little bit more detail to dimensionalize the choice to Tobin has. First is Schwab Private Client. It is our oldest fee-based advice offer, it's also our largest. And you'll remember that we've talked about this one before, it's a nondiscretionary offer where a portfolio consultant, who's dedicated to that client, sits down, takes a look at the financial plan, takes a look at their investing ideas. And together, together, they build that personalized portfolio. And the client's involved in all of the decision-making. But it's through our recommendations and a consistent fact-based approach. The results, Schwab Private client assets were up 16% year-over-year. This past year, up to $56 billion now, 7% increase in enrollments and a 73 Client Promoter Score. Quite high. Let's look at Windhaven. You -- we've talked about Windhaven the last few updates. But just as a reminder, this is our global diversification with proactive risk management. We look globally across 40 different markets to capture the upside and rising markets, while reducing exposure in down markets. The results have been very strong this year, 62% total enrolled asset -- 62% increase in total enrolled assets in retail to now $12 billion. Now that's a retail-only number. 62% in total enrolled accounts, and you can't make this up, a Client Promoter Score of 62. And finally, ThomasPartners, our most recent acquisition. ThomasPartners is all about growing a monthly income -- dividend income stream over time and have a 10-year track record of doing just that, delivering that consistent, monthly dividend income. And if you think back to our planning conversation, so many of our clients are interested in retirement that dividend income plays an important part there. The results, so far, we introduced it nationally in May. They -- we've got $2.5 billion in total client assets today, about 3,800 accounts. And in the first month that it was available across the United States in the retail network, we did $145 million of enrollments. ThomasPartners is already resonating with clients because of that dividend income stream, that income need that it addresses so well. So let's come back to Tobin and our target market. Recall what I said that Tobin was looking for partnership. Tobin was looking for choice. Tobin was looking for value. I feel like, with the 3 components we talked about, relationship, being able to start with a deep understanding of their needs, a financial plan to help them take action and make progress towards their goals. And finally, our for-fee advice, that offers Schwab's point of view, Schwab's expertise, in helping reach those investment goals. We're poised to accelerate growth among this affluent client base. So let me wrap this all up. First, our strategy is working. We've quietly built a strong affluent client base. And the opportunity that John laid out to capture assets from the full-commissioned brokers, we think is large and is there for us. We have the right strategy. We have the right brand. We have the right offer, and we believe we'll continue to attract affluent clients at an accelerated pace. I am very optimistic that we've already seen strong growth in this area among that engaged affluent, those folks who want to have one hand on the wheel, and we'll continue to see that accelerated growth. Thank you very much. Now I'd like to invite John up on the stage, and we'll take a few questions.
Chelsea de St. Paer: We have several from the web. Can you speak to how market share trends have evolved since the crisis for Schwab versus the large wirehouses? In recent years, organic growth metrics have improved dramatically at the wirehouses, suggesting incremental gains may be difficult to realize.
John S. Clendening: So big picture, if you look to our point to point post crisis to now, we gained well over 0.5 of a point of share, which is pretty good off a 5.5%-or-so sort of base, depending on what sort of definition you're using. We've continued to gain share. I mean, it's through this guys have recovered. I think Walt and Joe may have both covered that up front in their remarks. But there's still plenty of opportunity. And when you think about 3/4 of $1 trillion of money in motion, when you think about how those firms are regarded, they're not as wounded as they may have been immediately post crisis from a brand point of view, but there's still plenty of opportunity to grow and gain share. Question in the back here.
Unknown Analyst: The question is about the opportunity, $11 trillion [indiscernible] opportunity and the 300 branches [indiscernible] 22 to 24 [indiscernible] branches and 1,100 consultants. What do you think you'll build out [indiscernible] to fully optimize to get [indiscernible]?
George Andrew Gill: Okay. So the question was, for those who can't hear his question, the -- how big does the branch network need to be? How many financial consultants do we need? I think, given where we are in the cycle right now, we're probably at the size and at the growth pace that we want to be at. As the economic environment changes, as interest rates rise, we will likely expand that. I can't imagine a scenario where we don't have more branches, or we don't have more financial consultants to be able to serve those affluent clients. That said, we haven't picked a number. What we know is that extending relationships, extending planning, extending our for-fee-based advice is the #1 way that we'll attract and gain share among that target audience. Chelsea?
Chelsea de St. Paer: Who is serving most of who you would deem affluent clients today?
George Andrew Gill: So it seems like the question is around who has the largest share potentially of affluent clients. The usual suspects are the same folks that showed up on the list that Walt mentioned have the largest number of these folks, right? So Morgan Stanley, Merrill Lynch, Wells and their new configuration, UBS. The interesting thing, though, is you've really got to pick apart the affluent market. And so in the spectrum of folks who are being served by this full-commissioned brokers, you have everybody ranging from, "I would like somebody to fawn over me and walk my dog and do those sorts of things. Do all that stuff for me," to even this sort of almost incidental active trader who finds himself in a historic relationship with somebody at the firm. That's why we talk so much around that slice of the market, that Tobin part of the market, where we believe that no one in that space is well serving the investor like Tobin. And so it's 2 out of almost 11, it's not the majority of that market, but it's a big, big nugget that we feel like we can go after. It's not properly served anybody in that space.
Chelsea de St. Paer: You focused much for your discussion on the affluent, but can you update us on what's going on with the younger Schwab customer formation and retention, what we used to call the nursery?
George Andrew Gill: The nursery, yes. So we still continue to do well with the nursery. And one of the things we find interesting about the Own your tomorrow platform is, not only does it extend across the different businesses of Schwab, it also plays very well across different demographics and age groups. Why is that? Primarily because it's an attitudinal or a mindset sort of segmentation. So if you're young, I'll put you in mobile, if you are an entrepreneur who's young. I think about all those people in this part of the country as an example of that, you respond very well to message along those lines. Now for us, a young investor is somebody that's probably going to be in the late 30s, even early 40s. Why is that? Because they've now got to a point where they've accumulated some assets. And so again, we feel like we're doing very well with that segment. We don't know of another firm doing better with that segment. You may have seen some of the startups that have come to try to take over that segment or play in that segment, one of which [indiscernible] today. So we're doing well.
Chelsea de St. Paer: What are your -- these are a couple of product questions. What are your future plans for Schwab ETFs?
John S. Clendening: Well, we're very pleased the performance of Schwab ETFs today and, in addition, our Schwab OneSource ETF platform, where we have over 100 -- where we have 107 ETFs on the platform today. So we feel between that, our Fundamental Index ETFs, and the Schwab OneSource, we can meet all of the clients' needs for that diversified index product.
George Andrew Gill: There's a question in the room up front.
Unknown Analyst: Just a follow-up on the nursery or the younger population. What trends have you seen? If you look over time, just given the history, like their interaction with Schwab, just given the volatility in the markets, given what they've been experienced that they've been investing for the past 10 years. Just curious if the trends have been more depressed versus the high net worth or the affluent area.
John S. Clendening: Depressed in what way, Mike [ph]?
Unknown Analyst: Relative to like historical trends, meaning the amount of money that they're committing to Schwab or bringing in the door or the amount that they're investing to the market versus...
John S. Clendening: We don't see a big difference there, and we don't see a big difference, very, very little change in terms of the diversification of the assets they are bringing. There was a speculation, I think, 2 meetings ago around, is it all cash, and our cash position really hasn't changed. So we see them acting like they have in the past. And we're attracting them through new channels. Things like chat are going to help. Things like mobile, they're going to help. That's the way they live their lives. And so we've continued to enhance our ability to meet them on their terms. Chelsea?
Chelsea de St. Paer: Another product question. A secular trend going on right now is clients seeking alpha through products like alternative products. With some of the private equity players starting to target the affluent retail investor, do you have any plans here to leverage their offerings?
John S. Clendening: We're studying that. We have an offering along those lines today. It's relatively small. We've been studying, is there an opportunity there, how -- what's the size of that opportunity as it relates to other things we may do to invest in the business. There's certainly elements or parts of our country that are most keenly interested in alternatives: New York; SoCal, another example of that. On the other hand, it's not the case that there's a large perception of a gap in the offer that we have today for high net worth clients, affluent clients, even ultra-high net worth across that spectrum of alternative investments. As we study, we look primarily at liquid alternatives, that sort of thing, and our clients can -- certainly can consume some of those product today on our platform in the form of mutual funds.
Chelsea de St. Paer: As you push more into the affluent space, how do you manage the increasing risk of alienating RIAs that compete for affluent clients?
George Andrew Gill: So the reality is we both have about -- a little less than 7% of all the investable assets. So if you add this up together, we still don't get to 14%. There's a lot of assets out there. But we primarily play in the space that is -- that getting started, that nursery that we talked about all the way up to $1 million. And in affluent, it's really $250 million to about $1 million of investable assets, where clients are getting started with us. And when I -- when you look at the differences between why we have a Schwab Advisor Network, which continue -- we continue to refer about $4 billion a year in assets to Schwab Advisor Network. When you look at the differences, ours is scalable advice. It's fact-based. It takes Schwab's point of view. But at the end of the day, it's scalable advice. And if you look at Bernie's business, and he'll talk a lot more about this, those registered investor -- investment advisors are able to provide highly customized, highly sophisticated for those more affluent clients, who are likely $1 million and up. So we don't think there's -- we really don't think there's a conflict.
John S. Clendening: And in a lot of ways, it's very complementary. In fact, it always is complementary. We can see on the surface, it may look like there's a conflict there. But boy, the client differences are stark between those who choose an RIA versus those that end up at Schwab. On top of that, we've got very strict guidelines that prohibit our people from poaching into or reaching into the client base of our RIA clients. So there's not an issue there that's created.
Chelsea de St. Paer: On the trading front, can you comment on how much of our trading volume comes from mobile, the mobile channel and then also from options?
George Andrew Gill: Both continue to grow. Both of them have seen good growth even over the last 12 months. I don't think we've shared the exact percentages, but both of those continue to be important parts. Our acquisition of optionsXpress has allowed us to continue to accelerate our options growth due to their very innovative tools, tools like Walk Limit, where, just in the last quarter, our clients were able to save about $1 million in execution by using that automated Walk Limit tool. So we're very bullish in terms of the -- our ability to continue to grow in the option space, and mobile will be a part of that. One more in the room.
Unknown Analyst: I think under the new disclosure, the retirement business falls under your group, but I just wanted any update just on the passive strategy. There used to be like a pipeline just in terms of some of the clients that were signing up from that. So I don't know if there's -- that you guys are going to be broader.
John S. Clendening: Walt's going to take that one for us. Thank you, Walt.
Walter W. Bettinger: Sure. We continue to have pretty good success with our Schwab Index Advantage program, recognizing that you have a whole infrastructure within the 401(k) industry that wants anything but it being successful because it's so unique and so differentiated. We have about 100 clients who are either already operating under Schwab Index Advantage or in the process of converting, and we have about 200 people who are in some form of the process of consideration to the program. So we're pleased with that progress. And as I've said at each one of the meetings, we expect that's a long-term play because of how dramatically different that program is than the traditional way that, that industry has operated.
John S. Clendening: All right. Any other questions? Chelsea?
Chelsea de St. Paer: What are your priorities from a regulatory perspective?
John S. Clendening: That sounds like great question. I was waiting for that one. Some of the biggest changes that we've had to deal with from a regulatory standpoint have been in our for-fee advice space. And that's why over the last 3 years, we moved Schwab Private Client to its own investment advisory to deal with the regulatory requirements. Our Schwab Managed Portfolios and Schwab -- our Schwab Managed Portfolios are managed in a separate fiduciary and obviously, ThomasPartners and Windhaven are. Schwab operates as a dual broker-dealer and RIA so that we can make referrals to those and also to Schwab Advisor Network. That's some of the regulatory component that we've had to operate under. The other big change that from a retail standpoint that we've had to deal with is the suitability rules. So we've had to get much more specific around documenting when we make a strategy recommendation, even if we're not making recommendations of individual securities. So let me give you an example. We come out of a financial planning conversation. The client truly is more self-directed, and they want to try it a little bit on their own. And we recommend a moderate risk portfolio based on a deep understanding of their needs and their risk tolerance. We would now need to document that we recommended a moderate risk portfolio and then what those pie slices look like. That's a change in the suitability rules. And so we've put automation in place to do that. And as Walt said, we put supervision in control. We can really make sure that, that's happening on an ongoing basis. All right. I think we're at time. Let me thank you for giving us your attention. And I think we're going to go to a break. There are lunches in the back for those in the room. It's going to be a working lunch. So I believe, Rich, we get 10 minutes? 10-or-so minutes, and then we'll see you back here. Thank you very much. [Break]
Bernard J. Clark: It's a great opportunity to be here with all of you. Thanks for giving me that opportunity. And I almost feel like I could ignore my presentation and address the questions that have been asked already in the room because they're so interesting as you go forward. And one of the things I would take the opportunity to talk about, and I think you'll see it in the things we'll be addressing as we go forward here, is this whole concept of "is the trend slowing?" I love when people say that it is the trend slowing, whether it's on ATIs or independents in general. And it just reminds me that so many of our competitors in this space have looked at this as a micro trend phenomena, a market trend phenomena and not a macro trend. And I'm reminded that over the decade-plus that I've worked in this industry, how many times our direct competitors in the purpose-built space have had their businesses up for sale because they didn't like the micro trend they we're in, but they hadn't looked at the macro trend and the significance of everything that's going on in the marketplace. So what I wanted to do today is start really by talking to you a little bit about what's going on with advisors, specifically, within their businesses in using that. I want to certainly talk to you about the firm, how we're helping to serve advisors and the things that we're doing and our strategies going forward. And then get quite specific with you about some of the things that we said we were going to do when we talked to you a short while back, and certainly we are doing them. So here's a macro trend for you. As you think about advisors, we've just recently launched our benchmarking study. We started in 2006 with this study. It has become the cornerstone, I would say, for most of the strategy that we work on now and the things that we do because, by and large, we bring our insights, we bring our intellect of the industry. But really what we do is we bring forth the advisors' ideas on what they need to do to grow in the marketplace. And the benchmarking study, which touched about 1,000 clients, $0.5 trillion in assets this year. We probably touched 2,500 unique clients over the life of the study itself, cannot be replicated anywhere else. It's -- nobody else has access to this number of clients, to this number of assets and the ability to understand the trends. And as we do it in the information that we asked our clients to go through and providing us, it's not a quick survey. It's a very detailed, deep survey. It talks about their economics, it talks about their acquisition, talks about the strength of their firm, it talks about their employees, it talks about their demographics, their geographies and their strategies. And in effect, we take that information to color our large strategies, but we also take that information and our relationship managers go out and have deep dive strategic conversations with their clients and help them think through some of the things that are going on. And as you can see, on the trend here, over the last 4 years, there's been an 11% CAGR in the growth of advisors over that period of time. It doesn't feel like it's slowing down to me. And as you think about that 11% and you juxtapose that against what's going on in the traditional models, there's probably about a 5% growth in the traditional models over that exact same period of time. As importantly, revenue has grown on the medium firm to $3.4 million for medium-sized firm within this class. Significant increase over the last 4 years. And arguably, as we've all talked about, these have been trying and complex times. But with that, as they've enjoyed that growth, I will tell you, they're also enjoying a tremendous amount of retention. They've taken their clients, I think as you've heard us talk about planning, the detail, getting involved with their clients' lives to some degree and partnering with them as they're thinking about and modifying their plans over this period of time, they have retained 98% of their assets. 97% of their clients, 98% of their assets. And that's up from a wild dip of about 3 years ago when that dropped to 96.9%. They are holding on to the assess, they are growing their assets. And in effect, they have created an extended sales force within their client base. Their client base is so loyal and so happy with the service that they're getting, as witnessed by their retention, that they're out selling into their colleagues, their friends, their associates and telling them of the great experience that they're having, and hence, their organic growth has been extremely strong over that period of time. At the same time we launched our benchmarking study, we also launched an advisor outlook study, along with a high net worth study. And these are pulse check-ins. These are quick surveys. Tell us what's going on, tell us about the emotions of your firm, your business, your clients. Give us a little bit of insight as to what you're thinking you'll be investing in, in the future, what's been your product choice and what will be over the next 6 months. And we've been doing this for about the same period of time. We do it every 6 months. It's giving us an invaluable amount of trends. We even ask questions about the government, international perspective that they've had. But one of the things I called out from this because I just thought it was particularly interesting to look at the advisor and to look at the high net worth individual as we looked -- and advisors, not surprisingly because of their expertise, they're far more bullish in the marketplace than their clients are about what's going to go on in the future markets going forward. Not a surprise. If you move over to the other side of the slide, however, they are -- their clients are saying when asked, will it be easy or hard to meet my objectives -- my investment objectives, their clients are -- or more than 1/2 of them are saying, it's going to be easy for my advisor to meet that objective. They have great confidence, their retention. They know their client's working hard for them, and they're willing to make sure that they're given the latitude to do what they need to do. Advisors, only 17% of the time, are saying it's hard and it's almost inverse. As they're saying, it's going to be difficult to meet my client's objectives. And I personally love that tension that's in the system, that the advisor knows they have to work incredibly hard to earn the business of their client and they know they have to be there, educating their client on what's going on, and their client is trusting them to what's going on. So it's created a great tension around that. Also in the study, what we asked was, so what are you worried about, what are you thinking about, what's the competition look like within the marketplace. And branding has started to come up again. That hadn't been around for a while. But firms are worried about their brand, how are they looking in the marketplace, which naturally leads you to the point of 3/4 of them thinking about differentiation, how are they differentiating. And differentiation used to always be a factor of how am I differentiating from a traditional model, I'm fee-only, I'm transparent, I may not engage at all in commission, those kinds of things. They're now thinking a little bit more about how are they differentiating themselves within their own class, against other advisors that are growing up in their communities or coming out in that advisor turning independent way from a traditional model and joining the competitive set. So they feel that they're feeling half the time the advisor sit, they're feeling a lot of pressure from within their own industry and what they're doing. And then, of course, consolidation. And this is just an interesting topic in and of itself because since 1998, in the papers that have been written over that time, I think, JPMorgan was one of the first that came out in Hurley, somebody has worked in our industry for quite sometime and undiscovered managers talked about the idea that this is going to be a mass consolidation industry. We've talked about it time and time again. I don't believe that to be the case. But there is some consolidation happening. Some of it, I think, is beneficial to the marketplace. Smaller firms looking for opportunities to come together with larger firms; 2 small firms coming together, creating better critical mass. But in some cases, I also think that there are firms that need consolidation to fill gaps that they have within their offerings. So we can address a couple more of those issues as well. So what are they thinking about by way of growth in advisors? #1 on their mind is growth. And to an earlier question that had come up, 9 out of 10 advisors in the service we talk about talk about having won a client within the period of time of that survey, and they said that client has come from the traditional wirehouse models. So they feel like they're competing and winning against the models. But they also know that their growth is going to come from somewhere different in the future. It's an aging group of clients. In fact, in some cases, it's an aging group of advisors which need to be addressed as well. And they think -- 65% of them think that their growth is going to come from gen X, gen Y. It's going to come from women, it's going to come from demographics that they haven't necessarily been expert in. And they know that this next-generation is going to want to be extremely active in their investment decisions. They're going to want to be involved, engaged. We know that the next-generation is often surveyed to say that they're going to want to have multiple advisors, they're going to use multiple sources. They're probably going to use social media in a way that helps them to gain advice and direction in how they take their portfolios. And they equally are concerned that this next-generation, which is very likely to be the children of their existing clients, they think it's going to be really hard to serve that generation. They don't know that they understand that generation as much as they don't know that they have the business models for that generation. In fact, one of the things that they recognize is they don't look like that generation. So interestingly enough, only 19% of advisers are under the age 40. Well, I'm not sure that a young investor comes in and has to work with someone who's the same age, but they're going to want to walk into an office and see people that look like them. They're going to want to know that they can enjoy a lifetime relationship maybe as their parents have. Equally so, I think women and ethnicities are going to walk into offices not needing to work with someone who looks like them, but needing to know that the office represents who they are in the community. And so advisors are going to have to get about changing the makeup of their offices. They're going to have make sure that the succession within their offices is incorporating more growth within those younger ranks. I think there's some $16 trillion as estimated by Cerulli that by 2015, we'll move into what we're calling the young category, something under 50 or towards 40, roughly. That's a significant opportunity. There's $5.3 trillion in that space already. And women as a whole other demographic, it's just so underserved and underrepresented, actually, within our entire industry, quite honestly, within the advisor community. And we have been having tremendous conversations, we've created an advisory board of something for best women advisors in thinking about how we might continue to advance, how we might create interest all the way down to the university levels, and we'll talk a little bit about universities in a minute as well. So what else is on their mind? They're worried about competition, they're thinking about growth. They want to make sure that they're building their businesses to be the kind of businesses that are legacy firms and growing into the future, where regulation is something that weighs extremely heavy on them. There's been a lot of change. Dodd-Frank has made a lot of recommendations. We talk about regulation within our business, and that's rather complex. They're feeling the impacts of that regulation as well. And they're by and large small firms. They certainly have grown up. This is a big industry now, $3.2 trillion. But they can't grow and they can't scale to some of the requirements that they're seeing. In fact, I think that some of the reason you see a little bit more activity in the M&A front because regulation is crowding that space, and sharing some of those lower valuated services that aren't client-facing becomes an economy of scale for them. But recently, the SEC has asked us to help give them some information on something that Dodd-Frank called for. It called for a single or harmonization of a fiduciary standard. And so we went out to our clients and we talked to them about that in a survey. In fact, one of the things that happened through this harmonization process is somewhat along the lines took harmonization of a single fiduciary standard, which is interesting and I think we could all find ourselves getting behind, and they linked it with the harmonization of rules, which we think is incredibly complicated. And the idea of overlaying a broker-dealer rules base system onto a 100-year-old advisory act of principle-based ruling around fiduciaries is something that doesn't make a whole lot of sense. So we went out and we surveyed our clients. Very quickly, we had 800 respondents come back, and they talked about the overlay of cost, the complexity of them adding this into their models, the lack of benefit really for their clients. And we have furthered that onto the SEC. We spent a today in June in Washington advocating on behalf of advisors with the Investment Adviser Association, meeting with our legislators and talking to them about why this really wouldn't make a whole lot of sense. Interestingly enough, I would say that those who do think it make sense are predominantly the traditional models and the people who represent the tradition models because wouldn't they like to draw the new faster growing segment of the industry back into the old toolbox. And I think that's a lot of the motivation on how we ended up where we ended up. So let's talk a little bit about what we're doing here at Schwab. You've seen all these numbers. We have 7,000-plus advisors that we're serving. We're now at $900 billion in assets, which is just unbelievable to me, this industry has grown and how the success has manifested itself within the 2 million clients. We've recently, within the last year, brought in our retirement business services, which is more the TPA small plan businesses and aligned it along with the advisory business. We think that's important because we're starting to see a lot of synergies between high net worth, serving the high net worth market and what's going on within the small plan retirement space, the TPA space. So we have 150 record keepers. We have 1,000 advisors that consider themselves retirement advisors in that. And we're 26% of the market. And we stay at 2x what our next closest competitor is in market share. It is still a highly fragmented market as you think about half of the market is not worth purpose built providers, and that represents an, again, additional opportunity to freeing up assets from the more traditional models, but we continue to look at opportunities to do that. As we talked about the mix of growth, this is consistent and representative of, I think, about what you see across the industry. So not a slowing but a continuous growth at a rate where 80%, roughly, of all of our growth is coming from organically through our clients. And I have to point back, they come to us organically through our clients because the most important thing we do is to serve our clients. Our custodial platform is paramount within the relationship. Being the best provider wins the next dollar. We know that advisors are growing at a double-digit rate. In fact, we can see within our fastest-growing advisors that they're growing at almost 20% a year, and we also can see that our advisors grow at a rate slightly faster than the industry. So the importance of making sure that we're, if you will, delighting them, serving them, protecting their assets, protecting their clients' assets is critical to making sure that we're continuing to win all that organic growth. And if you move into the ATI space, as you can see, which is running roughly at about 20% of the mix on an annual basis and where we're really looking at something -- our half year number was $29 billion, which equates to about a $60 billion number. So you can do the math and understand the mix of assets that we're bringing in. But as you move into the ATI space, advisors turning independent, you can see that the mix is shifting, but I would also highlight to you again, I don't think this is a permanent shift by any means. We see the first quarter of this year was a little slower, the second quarter accelerated greatly. We have almost exactly the same number of teams that have gone independent year-over-year, but were about -- the size of the deals that we're doing is about 30% larger this year than it was last year. You can see that the trend is slipping a little away from the wirehouses. At this point in time, IBDs have been extremely strong, where clients tend to leave wirehouse environments for some form of independence, certainly not independence, but some form of independence. And then as they grow up and gain their confidence, they go fully independent. So we win about 1/3 of our deals there. And then you could see the other space, capturing a little bit more of the share in this analysis, and that will be your trust banks, that's your Northern Trust. It's BONY, New York Mellon. It's providers and banks like that. And so I think you'll see that continue to shift over time. And I would project that we will end this year in a situation where we tend to see that advisors turning independent have contributed 175 to 200 teams something like $12 billion to $15 billion in net new assets. And that would be extremely consistent to what I've seen over the past 5 or 7 years, which will be interesting enough if we had been in a very stable environment. But as we all know, we've had a lot of ups and downs over that period of time, and yet, the trend has not significantly changed over that period of time. One other thing that has changed, though, is the interest in this marketplace. Just about everybody would like to be part of this, and so there's been a lot of new venture capital. There's something called a strategic acquirer, not necessarily a name they've put on themselves, but there's venture capital money coming in and starting to draw businesses out and actually create either consolidated advisory firms or small broker-dealers in and of themselves. There's a couple of examples of these. High Tower is an example of one of those, Stratus is an example. There's United Capital on the West Coast, but now really going national, as well. Focus Financial participates in this space. And so it's important to understand that there's new influencers, and what they do basically is they go out and they draw teams in from the wirehouses. They create attractive propositions for them to perhaps join your broker-dealer or to join an existing RIA that they've acquired at a different point in time. The good news about that is they become a client of ours. So these strategic acquirers, in effect, are custodial clients of George Schwab, as are the RIAs that are forming underneath them. So we've done 7 deals with those in the first half of this year, and we'll continue to make sure we're maturing that relationship. Again, I couldn't stress enough if we didn't do it well, then our competitors would be right behind us. I believe, and I've seen evidence of this, that our competitors really are chasing our custodial platform. And that's important when I start to talk to you about some of the things we're doing in the future. And they're trying to emulate the client -- level of client service, protection and custodial activities that we do. And you could see that our Client Promoter Score is really at nice levels, I mean, approaching highs, as you think about it approaching 60. So that's when we survey our clients directly about whether they would recommend us and are we doing a good job for them. And I will tell you that there are detractors within there, and every comment that we receive, we follow up directly on that with the advisory and we talk about what's going on. And it becomes quite easy to understand the things that are getting in our way or the perceptions that are getting in our way. If you move over to the other chart, though, this is an independent study that's done, where we go out using a third-party and talk to 1,000 RIAs who say they custody with one of the top competitors in the space, ourselves are one of the top competitors, and who would they recommend in that mix. And as you can see, we fare quite well, we have for a long period of time, and 37%, we've attained more than what our market share is at 26%. So we feel quite comfortable that we're outperforming what our competitors are still delivering in what I consider to be important and really this price of entry into the marketplace that you have to be good at. So in talking about where I think we can go forward in some of the things I mentioned to you to make sure you can see the progress that we're making, it's incredibly important to continue to advance our platform. That's part of the deal. That's part of the custodial work, client experience, getting into the point where it's better and better and better, while still being one of the safest places to protect client assets and be the custodian that we need to be. I want to talk to you about Schwab Intelligent Integration, obviously, because it's become such a large part of our platform and something that we've talked about at the break with several of you as well. But leading the way becomes a really interesting place where we can start to advance ourselves in a way around our consulting programs, in a way around our advocacy, in a way around our intellectual capability that our clients or competitors have not even been -- begun to think they can enter into, while they're still chasing the custodial platform. And we're not here because we think it's just a smart place to be. We're here because our clients told us we need to be here. We're here because our clients, through benchmarking or conversations or relationships or some of the means we have around the country have said, "This is a need I have, and I don't know how to fulfill it. Can you help us with it?" So let's start with the platform. This year, we launched -- or we've been working on and we've just recently launched enhancements to our web trading applet, incredibly important part of an advisor's office, one of the most used aspects of our business, something that we felt we really needed to spend some time on, to spend some money on and to advance the capabilities, something we had to great better scale in doing so. And so what we did is we brought 150 advisors together, 150 advisors together to start to build the specs about what we would do. What were their needs, what was most important to them, how would we construct the changes that we were making. And from that 150 advisors, we started creating opportunities, like real balances after trade, a trading cockpit that made more sense to them, scalability within their trading platforms, easier user capability from those. And all along the way, these 150 participated. Sometimes in tests, but sometimes in real move, in helping to understand how this would work. And the feedback, we acted on. Feedback has been great over that period of time. We now have 1,000 people that technically were alive. But we had 1,000 that began, becoming part of the pilot along the way. So the confidence in what we were delivering was strong, and yet the need to make sure we were getting more inputs were strong as well in building it the way advisors really needed it. And we'll spend more money going into next year, we'll continue to enhance what's going on there. On the client experience front, this is tricky. Regulation has gotten in our way. It is become more complex to do business, and sometimes, we can be viewed as hard to do business while we're trying to protect assets. And so what we're trying to do is create opportunities here. Some of it is fun. The mobile experience is fun. The advisors are embracing that in a big way. We think we have some opportunities there to incorporate some protections into mobile in the workflow. We think there's some scale we can bring to that. We think we can bring more capability to the advisor and their client by developing things that the advisor can use with their client, which I think they'll greatly appreciate and again don't have the wherewithal to create on their own. More to follow on that. We'll probably talk about that in the next meeting. But we know that, that's being actively embraced. We know that we had to become more secure, safer to do business through things like secure file deliveries that we can do. But e-signature and e-authorization also became a very big part of what we're doing because the fraudsters are active. They're active in the money movement space. They're active in the wire space. And we think e-signature and e-authorization gives us a way to create better scale, more efficiency with our clients, so the workflow behaves in a better way, but also additional protections through doing those. And those will link up quite nicely also with mobile technology and PAD technology on a going forward basis. So this will be, again, a cornerstone of what we're working forward to in 2014 as well in continuing to advance those things, eliminating paper, creating better workflow between us and our advisors and integrating that also with our technologies. And as you speak about technologies, Schwab Intelligent Integration is something I've talked so much about, I'm often accused of kind of bypassing it almost. It's a major initiative. This is really the core of our new platform, as I've said many times, for the next decade to come. And it all started -- remember when we announced it 2 years ago, it all started us saying, "Hey, what we're going to do is we're going to use the relationship management system at the center of everything an advisor does." And boy, if you sat around in a study group of advisors and you ask them what common technologies they were using, I would tell you they were -- Microsoft Word was like the only common technology they used. And they were together for like 20 years in this study group. So you think, what were you doing, what were you thinking, right? And so really, Schwab Intelligent Integration is not meant to replace their offices and their technologies, it's modular. It was meant to say, "Let's complement what you have, but let's run it all through a single source. Let's run it through your relationship management system. Let's make sure you start to eliminate redundancies, create better efficiencies, better workflows within your offices." And by the way, if you want to replace other components on your desktops, you can do that, too, right? And what we're going to do is we're going to build it around the providers you tell us about. So the very first phase of this, what we did is we went out on the website, we asked them, who's most important to you in the CRM space, who would you use. And they voted on the website that we created and they came back, and fortunately, they came back with the answers we wanted them to come back with. And we ended up with Juncture and Salesforce and Microsoft. And that was the beginning. But then we also recognized the other components on their desktops. And we went out and we asked them, so what do you think about rebalancing, what do think about trading. And they continued to tell us what they're using most often, and we continued to go out and to find those providers. All the way through to the most recent additions of MoneyGuidePro and [indiscernible] even in the planning space. But these are all directed by advisors. They told us these were the places to go. We did put a level of review on them. We went out and then we looked at the providers, and we made sure -- and some of those providers actually had to make changes in their software. Some of them had to put in additional securities to make sure they were what we wanted them to be. And I highlight that because it's easy to be open API. It's easy to have open architecture platform around technology. But we don't think that's necessarily the best solution. We don't want advisors becoming dependent on technology solutions that may or may not be around or may or may not be updated to the highest standards. That's not what we're about. And we also don't want to be about making sure that they do exactly what we tell them to, and hence, our open architecture approach. But with the modular approach, we also launched an integrated approach. And so you can, if you want to, replace your entire desktop. Now you would think logically that this will be most appealing to the ATI coming out, hasn't started yet, hasn't built a platform. So we have 75 firms now that have adopted the integrated approach, which is start to finish, what you see on your screen, one component from each one of these categories. But of the 75, half of them were existing clients who abandoned their platform. So we feel good that we're kind of on the right track there. We also initiated a workflow system that enables advisors to go out and post their workflows. It's a very generous group, the RIA space. They're posting their workflows for the benefit of all their other fellow advisors. And they're going out through, we have some 12,000 workflows that exists out there. Then advisors, they just go out and they can see and they can draw them into their offices, if they want to, they can use the modular approaches or the integrated approach to benefit them in doing so. And the most recent launch was something we call MarketSquare, and that's going to be and is a zagged-style review system where advisors can go out and say, "Hey, I found a new entrant in the marketplace, really interesting, satisfies this need that nobody else could." And they can dialogue about that, and we can monitor that dialogue. And then we can figure out who's going to be our next participant in Schwab Intelligent Integration and add them. A personal passion of mine and also because advisors have asked us and the survey has told us. In effect, I had an advisor ask me very directly at dinner one evening is, how do we help advisors mature their businesses? There's only 19% of advisors under the age of 40 right now, right? Over 50% -- these are statistics and it came to my mind as well, but over 50% of them are over 50. So there's a high population in the 40 to 50 range. But they said, I don't know that I have the wherewithal within my office to have a successor, to know who my successor is, to develop my successor. And 80% of firms have said, the way forward for my firm is succession. 10 years ago, the way forward in everybody's mind seemed to be sale, monetization of their practices. That has changed dramatically. And we have preached succession for this past decade and being prepared for what was the inevitable and having a plan and having it in writing. And so many firms have followed that strategy. But naming someone now has become a challenge, having someone ready, not just ready to be someone who can manage the assets, not just ready for someone who can work within the office, someone who can be the principal, the entrepreneur, the leader within all of those. So this year, we're launching an executive leadership program, really excited about it. It appears that it's being embraced aggressively by the market. We'll see how that goes. And what we did is we went out and created a year-long guided learning system, really. We'll put 25 or so successors into the program. It will be a cohort. They'll work together. It will be online. We'll bring them together 3x a year. In fact, there's 2 advisory board members we've had that are the founding principals who said, my business grew faster than I ever thought it could, I want to be the person who's in this program. I need more skills and capabilities to manage the business on a going forward basis. So we're really excited about this. We think it has legs. We're using, as you can see, major, major universities, guided most around leadership. We'll incorporate our Insight to Action programs and some of our consultative capabilities. We will be the proctor, if you will, and actively engage in this. And I believe we're starting a cohort that will be an ongoing study group into the future. In addition, we launched the 10-person intern program this year in Phoenix, going quite well. Students in their junior year from around the country, we're running them through all the paces of what goes on within an advisory firm from our viewpoint. Their last rotation will be in an advisor's office, and our full expectation is that these people will be hired by advisors, not by Charles Schwab, and hence, will be benefiting them. And really, the last and certainly, one of the most important areas is advocacy. They expect us to be their advocate. They want us to be their advocate. They need us to be their advocate. They're very fragmented in how they do things. They're small. They don't have a voice, they don't have a voice in Washington, as I talked about our efforts there on harmonization. But they need to be known. They want us to help educate. They love for us to advertise, but we don't think that's the most effective way. So we launched RIA Stands for You. Digital media, getting out in front of people. We started with vignettes of advisors, then vignettes of clients and advisors. We had Chuck do a video for us that talked to the meaning of what this industry potentially could be. And then they asked us as they draw that website into their website what happens when people find this information and are interested and they asked us if we would create a directory for them. And we created a directory so that someone who's out there looking at this information, learning and understanding about advisors needs to find one, they can simply now go in and put their zip code in and they'll get a list of 5or 6 or 7 advisors that are in their local area. And they'll be able to click on that advisor and go directly into their website and begin to gain insights into what that advisor might provide for them. In the first 4 weeks after launch, which is just recently, we've already had 600 advisory firms sign up for this service. There's no charge. In fact, around much of the stuff, it's a value-added services that we continue to extend our lead and grow ourselves, I think, past where our competition can find themselves. So we've been in a position of leadership. I think that is not only an opportunity. I think in many cases it's a responsibility. There are things we have to do to continue to grow this industry. I feel, and it is my opinion, but it is one that is based on a lot of information, I really feel we're in the early innings here. I think it's very, very early in this game in the independent space, and it's a macro trend. It's not something we should be measuring on quarters, perhaps not even measuring on years. I think the trend will continue. I think independent investors are saying, this is the kind of model I want versus what I've seen. I think you see the participants within the traditional models, the brokers, the advisors within those models say, this is of interest to me. I think you see the independent broker-dealers ceding a lot of activity into the same space as well. And so I'm very optimistic. But I think it's early days. And I think there's a lot of leadership, but we have to play in the space to continue to extend our lead. And we have to be great at the servicing of what we're doing as well. And then we'll continue to be rewarded by our clients with their growth and the additional growth of dollars coming out of that 750 that John had mentioned that continues to churn around the wirehouses each year. So I'd love to take some questions.
Unknown Attendee: Just on the competitive side, I'm just curious over the, call it, the past year or so, just given the pickup in the equity market, like IPOs, even alternative offerings, do you sense more competition? How are you guys kind of stacked up versus whether it's the wirehouses, the other IRA providers? It's a different environment than we've seen over the past 4 years.
Bernard J. Clark: Yes, it's a very different environment. And I think the advisors -- statistically you can see that the advisors are winning in this game because people want more, they need more. In fact, the #1 reason they cite when they come to an advisor is, it's not return, it's typically they knew someone who's getting a better experience and they needed more themselves and then usually, third starts to address what return is. So their model -- and they're winning, and they're winning in their centers of influence. And they're winning through referrals, most of their growth tends to come through referrals. I think as we look at it is, we're winning because of the retention of those assets and the quality of service that we're giving them. But I think a point you're making is, it becomes a little harder for people to change the underlying relationship of a client while things are so good. And so I think that might be what we heard references a little bit of the slowing trend. But because it becomes so easy to access through other platforms, products, alternatives as a great example, there are multiple platforms out there. We're the custodian. We've greatly enhanced our custodial capabilities around alternative. There's very little you couldn't do with Charles Schwab in that aspect, so the assets tend to flow through. Most around liquid and registered, we like that market a lot better. IPOs, we do participate in IPOs on some level and the distribution of it. That's not proven to be a high demand item for advisors. So certainly, that hasn't been something either, and so I think the model's working, I think even in the upmarket, we're not seeing things are changing the downmarket. There was a little bit of a favor towards changing and moving into something different.
Unknown Attendee: You had that interesting chart up there about how the advisors were fairly optimistic about the market, but not so much about clients meeting their longer-term objective when they get some kind of advise for a [indiscernible]. Is that more a product -- I think clients probably feel more comfortable going to an advisor and having someone to work with, but is it a product of the advisors maybe not having the right tools to get the clients to where they need, given that they have a good outlook on the market? Is it something you guys are working on? Or how do you kind of bridge the gap between the 2, between what the clients feel and the advisors see?
Bernard J. Clark: I think the advisors have spent the last 5 years educating their clients, cautioning their clients, bringing their clients, in some cases, into a new form of reality. Let's face it, 5, 6, 7 years ago, one of the biggest problems we had in the country is we thought that we were losing an entire workforce to retirement because 2007 was a high, and that didn't happen and retirement plans had to change and advisors had to sit down and redo plans, not once, probably more than once with their clients in creating the realities of where they wanted to be. And the other thing is, 80% of the boomers want to make sure that they not only have wealth to survive them, but they want to leave a lot to the next generation. That's a very different phenomena than the last generation. I don't know about you guys, but I don't think anybody is worrying about leaving me a lot of money. And now, that's something that we're starting to see. And so I think what it is for the advisors is it's a responsibility factor. I don't know that it is necessarily a capability. It's a responsibility factor and making sure that they're guiding clients who have stayed with them through this hard period of time to a place where they can accomplish what that long-term objective is. Because arguably, we've seen a doubling in purpose built providers around technologies, softwares, product providers. There, really, the capability is, I don't want to say it's limitless because obviously that's not the case, but it's not restrictive. The open architectural model now gives advisors really a wide array of almost any market that they want to find themselves into. Chelsea?
Unknown Attendee: What do you attribute to the shift from less ATIs coming out of wirehouses and more coming from that other category you talked about?
Bernard J. Clark: Yes, I tend to think it's a trend, as Walt said. I don't think that's a micro, if you will. We know within the wirehouses, we can update on this. But there's always deals that have been signed within the wirehouse deals, forgivable loans, their cycles that they go through, people tend to find their way out, they begin planning. I can't tell you that there's periods of times when people begin thinking about. This a very long sales cycle to bring someone out of a traditional model into an independent model. And we have some $30-plus billion in our sales funnel, where we begin talking to people, sometimes 2 years before they're ready to do something. They're thinking about it at that point in time. We talked with people who are in their fifth year of employment and they're already planning, they started with the idea that they wanted to be independent, but knew they needed to start and gain a resume and grow a book of business and understand their clients and get credibility in the marketplace. There's an array of things. So I think we happen to find our way into the trust base a little bit. We happen to find our way into the banking space where team slot and the capabilities were a little bit better. When we do talk about teams, I do want to remind you, there's 6 people on a team, we still count that as 1. When I talk about 175 teams going independent, that may be 300 individuals, sometimes our competitors count individuals versus teams. I think it's important that you kind of understand that nuance. More teams come out now than individuals. We still find that more teams come out and join firms than they ever did before. So about 1/3 come out and join somebody, whether it's one of these strategic acquirers or perhaps a firm that they know. We found firms that are now building succession plans or, if you will, sophisticated buy/sell agreements for some of the smaller firms, where they can sign up with an option, perhaps to join the firm in case the unforeseeable happens within their firms. So we have a nice sophistication, it's why I say it's early innings because you're seeing a lot of entrepreneurial spirit around trying to create what will ultimately, I think, become one day a very, very sophisticated engine.
Unknown Attendee: While you win much more new business than you lose, what did the detractors say?
Bernard J. Clark: It's interesting because we follow this extremely closely. And detractors, I'm going to say flat out, sometimes people say we're hard to do business with because regulation has become such, fraud has become such. And we still feel that our #1 priority is making sure we're protecting the assets. And we have to be in that position. It's just that we have to bring new tools, new capabilities, e-authorizations and e-signatures, bring things along the lines that will make it somewhat easier for them. I didn't even talk about some of the work we've been doing around our Alliance website to improve it. And Alliance is actually a service that serves clients of advisors. Nobody else has that in the industry. But we're actually creating an online outsourcing for some of that low value-added service that they can then send directly to us, which helps them enormously. I highlight it now because it also adds additional security to what we're doing because we have a point of contact with the client that leads us down a path where sometimes we can validate directly with that client if we so need to, and we can do it electronically. So those are some of the [indiscernible]. But I think hard to do business is one of those things that will stand out, and we have to stand in front of that one, we have to try and understand how to be better. But we don't want to be the place that's easy to do business and then ends up in a mess later on, on behalf of our clients, the advisors and their clients who are our clients. Okay. Well, I hope everybody enjoys the weekend if you're staying, and thank you very much. I'm going to bring up Joe to wrap us up.
Joseph R. Martinetto: Thank you, Bernie. So the beauty of the Internet is you get to read your reviews during the course of the day and top up anything where you might have been a little bit wrong as you get to the close session. So nice to be able to have that opportunity. So let me attempt to, in very clear and unambiguous terms, tell you what I'm hoping you're taking away from the day. First, nothing we said was intended to talk down expectations. What we were looking to do was make sure that your expectations and our expectations stay aligned as we take advantage of an environment where the financial headwinds are definitely starting to abate. So it's making sure that we stay in sync and one side doesn't run away from the other. But it wasn't a talking down of expectations. Second, we're winning in the marketplace. We continue to take share. How are we doing that? We have a set of strategies that are already developed, things that we have been working on in some cases for many years they're working in a marketplace and we are delivering on share growth and continuing to grow the franchise. It's a little bit frustrating, in fact, it is really frustrating that some folks continue to look at the comparison of Q2 versus Q2 last year, focusing on the headline GAAP number. We had a one-time gain in the second quarter of last year that was truly a one-timer. It was related to the settlement of a vendor dispute. It wasn't a trading book or investment banking benefit, it's not a business line that we're in. You really need to strip it out when you look at comparisons on the financials and focus on the fact that while GAAP was down 7%, earnings were up 11%. We're putting up better financial numbers, and we are not disappointed with what we did in the second quarter. In fact, we're pretty pleased and think they're strong results. We're poised to be able to continue to deliver better results from here as the financial leverage and the model should become more and more clear as we continue to work our way out of this environment. And we're prepared to deliver substantially better financial results as we see interest rates start to move up. I thank you for your time and attention. I hope everybody has a great weekend.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard Fowler Joseph R. Martinetto - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Walter W. Bettinger - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Policy Committee
Analysts: Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division J. Jeffrey Hopson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Richard Fowler: And we are live. Good morning, everyone, welcome to the Spring 2013 Schwab Business Update. This is Rich Fowler, Head of Investor Relations for Schwab, coming to you once again from beautiful San Francisco on yet another top-down day. Thanks, as always, for joining us. We know it is still earnings season and that folks in financial services also continue to cope with an ongoing stream of challenges. We also wanted to acknowledge our friends in Boston as their city continues its recovery with truly inspiring determination. With me here today are Joe Martinetto, our Chief Financial Officer; and Walt Bettinger, our President and CEO. Per our usual practice for these interim business updates, we'll spend a focused hour with Walt and Joe, sharing their perspectives on life at Schwab right now, starting off with some prepared comments and then Q&A until it's time to wrap up. Joe's going to start us off again but let's spend a minute on the forward-looking statement page, the main point of which is to remind everyone that outcomes can differ from expectations, so please keep an eye on our evolving disclosures. And then let's cover how we'll take some questions. Once again, we'll do so via the webcast console and by the dial-in as well. You don't already have that, the dial-in is (800) 871-6752. The conference ID is 10769792. When we start the Q&A session, we'll ask the operator to remind us how the process works. So we have the administrative stuff out of the way. We have our 2 best-in-class business leaders ready. We're audible to the outside world. So Joe, over to you.
Joseph R. Martinetto: Great. Thanks, Rich. So I never enjoy these phone calls as much as I do because -- I forgot to push the button. There you go. So I never enjoy these phone calls, maybe it's because I can't work technologically as much as I do the live presentations, I thought maybe it's because I don't get to see everybody's smiling face but I dug a little deeper and I think it's probably because I have this great fear that, when you're out there on the phone, I can't actually see when I've said something that sends you all scrambling to type a note and sends the stock price moving. So I will attempt to be complete in my comments to see if we can't head off any of those kinds of events today. In February, just walking back to the last time we were all together, we talked about stepping up our spending on client-related investments. At the same time, we also said that if the environment weakened, we were in a position to manage our expenses to deliver on results that would be consistent with the baseline scenario that we shared with you at that point. Given what we've experienced in trading and the interest rate environment, we've made a number of adjustments to our expenses to ensure that we'll be able to demonstrate the financial leverage in our business model for the remainder of 2013. Even having trimmed our spending plans, we're still making significant investments and, over the course of the past few years, we've closed the gap between the more severe reductions we enacted during the worst of the financial crisis and more normal levels of spending. That means you should expect to see a widening of the gap between revenue growth and expense growth going forward, with more of our success at driving revenue growth falling to the bottom line. So why have we been talking about spending more aggressively? Because we saw and continue to see an opportunity to drive growth, and it's hard to argue with the results. We put up some of the strongest net new asset numbers in the history of the company, bringing in $91 billion of core net new assets in the last half year. Clearly, we're winning in the competitive environment. Even in the face of a weak trading environment and an interest rate environment that softened over the course of the quarter, we managed to turn the growth in client assets into an 8.5% increase in revenues. Asset management and net interest revenues were able to more than offset the softness that we saw in the trading line, which was down year-over-year. Asset management continues -- the asset management fees continue to be a bright spot. Net enrollments of $4.7 billion in advice solutions in Q1 was up more than 70% over Q1 of last year. Finally, if we look quarter-over-quarter, all 3 of our major revenue lines contributed to sequential growth. While we've been talking about ramping spending aggressively, expenses were up a little bit more than we would have liked in Q1. Compensation expenses, in particular, were impacted by a number of factors. Some of these factors included the transition from a trailer-type plan to a pay-as-you-go plan for our financial consultants, that led to elevated incentive pay, which should work down over the course of the year if those trailers are all paid out. We've also been transitioning to an HSA-type medical plan and the adoption was much stronger than we thought it was going to be. That led to a bigger upfront contribution to the HSA accounts for our employees than we anticipated. Again, this will not repeat for the remainder of this year but if you're thinking about models into coming years, this may be a seasonal factor in Q1 that does stay with us. We saw changes in our -- in retirement provisions and some of our restricted stock and option agreements, which covered all of our employees and we had to adjust our accruals to true up with those new provisions. Again, this will not repeat as we move forward. Finally, net sales were up, especially in advice products and mortgages, which led to elevated compensation. Now this one I'd be happy to explain going forward because, to the extent that it continues to occur, we're going to also be generating revenue off of those products. So the ongoing revenue story would be a positive for us. Moving on to some of the other expense lines. Margin was in line with the ramp-up plan that we talked about and was helping to drive some of the accelerated acquisition numbers that we were able to put up. Other expense lines remained well-managed and, even with the big increase in compensation, net income was up 6% over the prior year. Moving on to the balance sheet, we saw growth there slow from the rapid pace in Q4 as clients who brought in cash in Q4 deployed that money into the market. We've seen some further reductions in cash levels here in April related to client cash payments. Bank deposits were up in the quarter, mainly due to a $1.8 billion bulk transfer from the money funds. There's another approximately $4 billion bulk transfer from the broker-dealer planned for Q3. Even with the growth, the bank has paid a dividend to the parent for the past 2 quarters and we expect that to continue at least through the remainder of the year. Our capital ratios are shown at the bottom of the slide. The leverage ratio did continue to decline in Q1 as the average asset level caught up with those big inflows that we saw late in the fourth quarter. While our buffer to our internal target is a little bit smaller, we do remain in excess of that internal target and we expect that Q1 will be the low point for the year. Outflows for tax payments as well as incremental earnings should both help push the ratio up from here. And since we're talking about capital, we aren't required to publish our stress test results but, like last year, we ran a number of scenarios including an adverse scenario that was more conservative than the most adverse regulatory scenario. In all cases, we stayed above regulatory minimums without requiring any additional capital raises. Moving on to the rest of the year. We expect still to be able to grow revenues in high single-digits even with a trade outlook that doesn't call for any lift in the near term. Our outlook for our net interest margin is unchanged, so growth in balances should contribute to growth in revenues and we expect for the remainder of the year to end in mid-140s if rates stay around current levels. We did a little bit better than we'd indicated in Q1 as we took advantage of some of the higher rates in the beginning of the quarter to fill our fixed allocation and slower prepayments and a lower FAS 91 charge also helped to prop up our yields. With the fixed rate purchases, we extended the duration of the bank investment portfolio modestly. We've been talking about a 2-year target duration for quite a while, so even though the extension's only out to 2.3 years, I wanted to make sure to call it out. But I also want to emphasize the change in the duration doesn't change our risk profile but was in fact necessary to just maintain our interest rate position, given the large inflow of cash that we saw in the fourth quarter. You folks know we don't run a hedge book but we use the investment portfolio to maintain our desired interest rate risk position. The sweep deposits that we brought in, in the fourth quarter have some of the longest duration characteristics on the liability side of our balance sheet and so we needed to let the assets move out a little bit to offset that increasing liability duration. If we hadn't extended, we would've been, in essence, coiling the spring even a little bit more tightly. Moving on to asset management fees. They continue to be a real bright spot. I earlier mentioned the $4.7 billion of enrollments into advice solutions, which was a very strong number. And we continue to see clients invest in securities across the board. Our net money fund revenues are projected to be a little lower than we'd indicated, given the softening we've seen at the short end of the curve. With regard to expense management, we've taken a few actions. We expect to run the company on flat headcount at least through the remainder of the year. With some of the onetime Q1 items not repeating in compensation and with the normal seasonal decline of payroll taxes, compensation expense should drop about $50 million in Q2. We've also trimmed project and marketing budget somewhat but overall spend levels are still expected to be up year-over-year. These measures should be enough to allow us to push our pretax profit margin over 30% for the year. If we combine that 30-plus percent pretax profit margin with high single-digit revenue growth, we're still on track to achieve the mid-70s EPS result for the year that's consistent with the baseline scenario. And while we've trimmed spending somewhat from that baseline, we're still investing aggressively in our clients and we're able to close the gap on compensation, in line with our initial plans. So our strategy is working. We continue to gather assets at an industry-leading piece. We're turning asset acquisition into revenue growth, 8.5% in Q1, which is also an industry-leading mark. We've taken steps to slow expense growth somewhat, to be sure that we can demonstrate the financial leverage in the model, both now and in the future, while still investing aggressively. So that's it for my section. At this point, I'm going to turn it over to Walt, our CEO, and let him pick it up from here.
Walter W. Bettinger: Thanks, Joe. Thank you, Joe. I false started on the button myself, so we're 2-for-2 this morning. Thank you for joining us, everyone and, Joe, I think you've done a wonderful job of summarizing our current situation. Before I begin covering my slides, I'd like to suggest that there are 4 key points to the Schwab story as of today. The first is that the company has never been in a stronger position in its 40 years from a client standpoint or a competitive standpoint or, for that matter, from the likelihood of future organic growth. The second point is that, as we all know, the environment, at least as it affects Schwab, has weakened. Trading is relatively light, and both short- and long-term interest rates have declined to a meaningful extent over the last couple of months. The third point is that, just as we said we would in our February Analyst Day presentation and as Joe has already explained, if the environment did weaken, we would make expense adjustments to ensure that we would still be in a position to deliver on our commitments to shareholders for 2013. And then the fourth point is that we have every expectation that our strong organic growth is going to continue unabated. Every major client metric, from new asset acquisition, client retention, Client Promoter Scores, fee-based advisory sales, they're all either at or near record levels, facts that contribute to our optimism about the future. Now, over the past several years, we've executed on a purposeful strategy to ramp our spending on client-related initiatives. We felt that, coming out of the financial crisis, that a number of our competitors were somewhat weakened. Now whether it was due to the low equity market, asset levels in the latter part of the decade that would affect asset management fees for certain firms, whether it was light trading volumes, whether it was parent-level branding issues, we felt that the time was right to invest aggressively for the future. And I think it's fair to say that, that strategy has been quite successful and, of course, you don't have to take my word for it. The metrics back that up. So we put together a multi-year plan in 2009 to maintain a relatively heavy level of investments through 2013 and then begin to moderate that in 2014. What's changed is that we're going to begin a modest decline in some of our 2013 spending now, probably shaving off somewhere in the area of 2 percentage points off what had been our planned growth rate in expenses for the year. So something -- we were planning something close to 9% in expense growth year-over-year in '13. That's probably going to come in something closer to 7% year-over-year. This is going to ensure that we deliver on our 2013 earnings commitments to shareholders despite the weakening environment and, for 2014, we expect expense growth to be quite muted. So let's take a look at the client environment, their mindset and their results. As you can see from this slide, clients are feeling better about their personal financial circumstances but, in fairness, they remain relatively unsure about how to invest. They're living in a world of extraordinary low yields, international uncertainty and, of course, 0 interest rates that appear to be propping up equity markets as a result of the Federal Reserves' long manipulation of rates on both the short and long end of the curve. Now, in an environment like this, there are few factors that are more important than trust and many of the investments that we've made over the last 4 years are really based on building increasing trust and confidence among our clients in their decision to work with Schwab and our client metrics support that success. Our retail promoter scores are at record levels. Although we don't show it on this chart, our value-weighted Client Promoter Score, in other words, those that apply a higher weight to our larger, more economically valuable clients, are in the high 50s, near best-in-class for any industry. And of course, we know that trust and confidence converts to asset flows that generate revenue. With net new assets of about $43 billion in the quarter that just ended and over $90 billion over the previous 6 months, dwarfing the results of any of our publicly traded competitors who are subject to consistent, transparent reporting of their results as well as audited results. Now one footnote that's important to make, we talk about assets -- as you all know, we offer mutual fund clearing services to certain other firms in the financial services industry. This is a very modest-sized business. Our revenue can be measured in a couple basis points per dollar of assets. As has been planned for over a year, in the second quarter, we expect one of our mutual fund clearing clients to move a little bit less than $80 billion back to their own platform, now that it's able to handle more of the functions that we've provided for them over the last couple of years. I think about $7 billion of that has already moved thus far in April and, of course, we'll break all these details out for you in our public reporting. And then just the last footnote maybe around assets is we know this is tax season. We've seen a fairly significant level of tax payments from client accounts. That said, our gross asset inflows from clients remain very strong in April to date and we're very pleased with where we stand month-to-date on an NNA. Now as the slide illustrates, clients remain actively engaged with their investment portfolios and largely invested. You can see that cash levels are very close to long-term traditional levels. That said, clients have uncertainty. They're increasingly turning to their trust in Schwab for help with their investment strategies and, as Joe referenced and this slide illustrates, you can see that our net dollar-based enrollments into fee-oriented advisory solutions are up over 70% year-over-year. Now this is a critical part of our retail strategy because it builds our asset management revenue, it diversifies our revenue stream away from net interest margins or volatile trading revenue. Yes, it had a modest negative impact on our expenses in Q1 but, as Joe stated, we would like to have that challenge on an ongoing basis because of the significant revenue stream that these conversions create. Now maybe even more important from the client lens is that our research shows that when clients who are enrolled in these advisory solutions, when we look at their performance, they tend to either have better performance with similar volatility or equal performance with lower volatility levels than our clients who are purely self-directed. In other words, better outcomes for the client. And of course, these are only metrics and metrics are only metrics if they don't produce revenue. In our business, there are many ways to generate asset-related metrics without revenue growth but, as you can see in this chart, our outsized asset growth also converts into outsized revenue growth relative to our publicly traded competitors. Now, even though we're moderating our rate of expense growth in 2013, we do maintain a full slate of projects and initiatives designed to further widen the gap with competitors in terms of gathering revenue-generating assets. Let me just walk through maybe 1 under each one of these categories and offer a little bit more color on each of them. A couple of months ago, we introduced Schwab ETF OneSource. It's another first in the industry, another Schwab innovation. It's the first broad-based, no-commission platform of ETFs from major ETF managers that includes compensation paid to the builder of the platform so that we can offset some of the lost commission revenue. Client response to the program has been outstanding. The net flows to it have exceeded our early expectations. It's probably a little bit early to share detailed metrics on this effort but it does appear that flows into ETFs at Schwab are increasingly moving to the ETFs that are available without a commission and away from ETFs that still require a commission to buy or sell, the exact outcome that we were striving for in the development of this program for our clients. Moving over to the monetization side. We recently made some major changes in our bank lending efforts. We moved our mortgage-lending relationship from one partner, one vendor over to Quicken Loans and, as a result, our loan volume has picked up significantly. Our promoter scores went from the low single-digits up to the high 60s, a truly amazing turn around in a very short period of time. And as a result of that improved quality and client experience, first mortgage originations in Q1 2013 were about $2 billion. That's more than double the volume in the same quarter a year ago. So another one of our initiatives designed to better meet the needs of clients while at the same time offering Schwab additional revenue diversification. Last, let me just comment a little bit on mobile. We continue to invest significant sums in our mobile and tablet capabilities. In today's world, fewer and fewer of our clients are sitting down in front of a PC to do their investing or to review their portfolios. The power of mobile and its ability to transform the quality of the client experience, we think it's only in the very, very early stages. You should expect to see more and more capabilities delivered to all of our client groups, whether they be retail, advisors or 401(k), all over mobile devices. Today we have over 0.5 million retail investor households using our mobile application; that's almost 20% of our entire retail household population using mobile devices today. So let me go ahead and transition a little bit, maybe adding some additional color to some of Joe's comments about how we see the future unfolding. As I've indicated, we've made significant investments over the prior 4 years. We were operating with a plan to begin to scale some of those incremental investments back beginning in '14 but, with the softened environment around trading and interest rates, we're going to pull back a little bit on '13 spending to ensure that we deliver the level of earnings we committed to, something in the mid-$0.70 range. And of course, that's based on the environment staying constant with where it is today. And when we look forward into 2014, again, assuming that trading and interest rates stay relatively constant, we would expect to achieve strong revenue growth and widen our margins. Whereas in 2013, under these assumptions, rates and trading and all staying constant to where it is today, we could see our revenues grow 100 to 200 basis points faster than expenses. I think when you go forward to 2014, that widening could be significantly greater, again, assuming consistent trading and interest rates to the levels they're at now. So let me just do a quick summary before we go to Q&A. I just want to go back over my 4 key points for everyone. The first one, Schwab franchise has never been stronger from a competitive standpoint in our 40 years, never stronger. The environment, as it relates to trading and both long and short rates has definitely softened over the last 90 days. We remain committed to delivering the earnings per share that we projected for our 2013 plan, again, assuming the environment stays constant with where it is today. And then the fourth point, we are confident in our ability to maintain our client growth momentum while delivering significantly better margins in 2014, again, assuming the environment remains constant. And I guess no conversation with Schwab management would be complete without reinforcing the fact that we retain all of the significant upside in our revenue and earnings in a rising interest rate world. The coiled spring remains intact. Our managerial discipline with respect to expenses remains intact. And of course our ability to organically grow the franchise also remains intact. So let me go ahead and stop there, Rich, and we'll turn it over to you to manage our Q&A part.
Richard Fowler: All right. Thanks, gentlemen. Operator, do you want to walk us through the process for asking questions, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Rich Repetto.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I guess my first question is on the expenses, Joe and Walt. You kept saying if the environment stays the same. So I'm just trying to see if the environment improves, let's just say in the back of the year, or deteriorates, do you have that ability to adjust the expenses as quickly as you did this time to still get to that 70% range? And then, also, could you define muted for 2014? Is it half of the 7% or something closer to near 0%?
Joseph R. Martinetto: So I guess I'd make a couple of comments there. So the ramp up is obviously easier than the ramp down. If we end up in a better environment, it's pretty easy to pull some of the initiatives out of moth balls and get them going to -- spending money is rarely a challenge. But the downside case, also, I'd say we still have flexibility that it's something I think we've been able to exhibit multiple times over the course of the last few years. That if we see a changing environment that's not dramatically different, I think we would expect to be able to make adjustments to stay in line with that mid-70s EPS number that we've committed to. As we look out into 2014, one of Walt's slides made reference to a 300- to 500-basis-point widening in that gap between revenue growth and expense growth. So you would expect to see, I think, a pretty significant widening in that differential. We're going to have to wait and see exactly what happens in terms of revenue growth but if you did just kind of a baseline roll forward and you ended up with a revenue projection that was consistent with the kinds of numbers we're talking about for this year, that would imply expense growth in low single-digits as opposed to high single-digits as we look forward to next year.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Got it. And Walt, just 1 follow-up, industry-type question or, actually, it's company-related as well. But -- so last week in The Wall Street Journal, Larry Fink of BlackRock was quoted as saying he expect the SEC to go to the floating NAB for prime money market funds. And I guess it seems like a win, no capital buffers and -- at least the article didn't mention anything. And so, I guess, the 2 questions related is, it didn't address what you had proposed sort of the differentiation between institutional and retail money market funds. Do you expect that? And is -- what was reported, is that reasonably accurate, what you're expecting from -- on money market reform, as well?
Walter W. Bettinger: So I think that there is careful consideration going on at the SEC with respect to the different behaviors between institutional and retail investors. The notion that they should be subject to the same rules, I think, navely ignores the difference in behaviors. I'm not going to sit here and say that comments that others made are self-motivated or not. I don't know that. But the behaviors are clearly different between retail investors and institutions. And we continue to be optimistic that, when the SEC determines to publish initial guidelines subject to comment, that they will take into consideration the different behaviors between those 2 groups. We -- I think what you described is half of what my op-ed from last fall encouraged and yet we remain optimistic that the -- both halves of it, both retaining stable NAV for govie treasury funds as well as differentiating between institutions and retail prime holders will be part of what the SEC ultimately proposes.
Operator: And your next question comes from Brian Bedell.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Joe, can you just -- I guess to follow-up on the revenue and expense calibration question for 2014. If we do get a steepening of the yield curve during 2014, and obviously you're very levered to that, are you -- obviously, there's a propensity or an ability to spend more money but given your comments on the 2009 to 2013 type of investment cycle, do you still see the emergence of another investment cycle that would essentially keep that revenue to expense gap in that 300 to 500? Or do you see -- obviously expenses sort of remaining in that same zone but revenue's obviously falling to the bottom line?
Joseph R. Martinetto: Yes. So, again, I mean, it's hard to give specific expense guidance without having the revenue scenario also be more specified but I would say that we would expect that revenues will grow -- marginal expenses will grow at a pace significantly slower than marginal revenues from here. So -- and there's obviously a little bit of pressure that comes from things like bonuses, maybe some small incremental investments but, away from that, we would expect that incremental revenue growth would significantly drop to the bottom line.
Walter W. Bettinger: Hey, Brian, just to jump in real quickly. Again, as I indicated in my comments, we put together a multi-year plan that by '14 was designed to begin to moderate the incremental level of investment. And I think our view is, as Joe has indicated, with minor areas that self correct if revenues were to grow much more than we anticipated, we're looking to stick to that plan, which means that expense growth in '14, notwithstanding the small things that may automatically adjust, we would expect to be quite muted without regard to whether the environment improves meaningfully for us on the revenue side.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Yes and it sounds like a lot of these -- obviously, all the growth issues that you've been investing in are sort of for this cycle and for the long-term growth as if you don't have new, large growth initiatives planned for 2014 other than what you've already done.
Joseph R. Martinetto: Well, I think I'd put it a different way. We always have a new cycle of things that we're looking to invest in as some things complete but other things come into the portfolio. So I think we're at a level spending that we're pretty comfortable, allows us to continue to make those investments. What we don't have is a big backlog of things that we've deferred. So we don't have a big infrastructure nut that we're going to have to find a way to fund. We've been able to keep that as part of our ongoing management even through the challenges of the past few years in the cycle.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Right, right, okay. And then my follow-up would be just on the balance sheet. Maybe a question sort of wrapping up both the capital ratios and your balance sheet size. You mentioned the bulk transfer of $4 billion that you're going to do from the broker. Joe, if you could just remind us of what kind of accretion you expect from moving from the broker-dealer to the bank? And then more philosophically, you're still depending [indiscernible] bank capital to the parent longer term, say, over the next couple of years. How do you expect to deploy that capital? Is that going to be more oriented towards balance sheet -- bank balance sheet growth or is there potential capital return to shareholders longer term?
Walter W. Bettinger: Yes. So on the first question, on the incremental spread, the difference between the marginal investment at the bank versus what we're earning at the broker today is sitting around 120 basis points. So that's what I would say you'd expect to see if rates don't move as we move that money from the broker over to the bank. I would remind people that, that doesn't drive any consolidated capital requirements because that money's already sitting on our balance sheet. It's just moving from 1 pocket where we can't earn quite as much over to another pocket where we have better investment opportunities. So that's a net positive on the revenue side with no impact on capital ratios and consolidation. I'd say longer-term, the story on capital repatriation really hasn't changed to the extent that we can get to a point where we're generating excess capital beyond what we need to support the growth of the franchise, we would look to return that in a reasonable period of time back our shareholders. Obviously with the big Q4 inflows, we saw a little bit more pressure on capital ratios. So I'd say we're probably a little ways off from really being able to debate any kind of meaningful return but, should we get to the point where that capital formation is outstripping the need to retain it to support the growth of the business, then we'll look to return it to shareholders as I think we've done in the past.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the target's still 6.28 to 6.25 on the bank?
Walter W. Bettinger: It's 6.25 at the bank and 6 in consolidation.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Katz.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Very intrigued by your -- the growth of the ETF OneSource business and, just sort of stepping back a little bit, could you just sort of walk through to the extent that, that business drives incremental growth, if you will, what the economic impact is to Schwab over time?
Walter W. Bettinger: Sure. I think that the -- what we try to design with the ETF OneSource program, first, we did build through the lens of the client, that it's going to attract clients to Schwab because of the quality of the lineup and the fact that there is compensation paid to Schwab, it's a sustainable approach as opposed to simply a marketing strategy. The revenue level that we receive compensates us fairly for the forgone commissions that we would otherwise have collected if we did not have the no-fee program. What we're seeing in -- again, very early days but what we're seeing is that the flows into the ETF OneSource program are coming out of commission-oriented ETFs or commission equities, but we're seeing a fairly significant amount of those flows come from the commission-oriented ETFs, which I guess you would expect. It's not like there are any major asset classes missing in our ETF OneSource program. It's not like there are not competitive operating expenses or spreads available in the ETFs in the OneSource program relative to the commission ones. So clients are making. [Audio Gap] a rational decision and saying I'd much rather buy in the ETF OneSource program than commission-oriented ETFs. And of course I guess I'd throw out one other comment. The I think misguided notion that some commentators have made that offering ETF OneSource would result in higher cost to investors ignores the fact that, unlike mutual funds, ETFs are available for purchase through open markets and, therefore, all ETF managers have to maintain competitive operating expenses lest they no longer be chosen in the broader world for investing. So we are very confident the program will have no negative impact to consumers and actually will only create value for consumers. The last point, Bill, is that the strategic importance of a distributor like Schwab now being involved in the economics traditionally retained 100% by manufacturers may, over the long-term, be the most important aspect of ETF OneSource. But that will play itself out over time.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just one follow-up for me. A couple of your competitors have talked about a bit of a delay in sort of the FA pipeline recruitments and/or a bit of a pickup in the competitive dynamics to bring those FAs in. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in terms of the pipeline for new FAs as well as the pricing around that -- those acquisitions?
Walter W. Bettinger: You're referring to breakaway brokers?
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, I am.
Walter W. Bettinger: So our view for years has been the same, which is that this is a trend that will play itself out consistently. It will periodically have times in which it has minor bubbles, either up or down, depending on what's going on at the -- often at the parent level of the firms that these individuals work for but that the focus should be less on a quarter-to-quarter calculation of how many people or firms are breaking away and more what is the overall trend of RIA's winning in the market and FAs who choose to be, in an entrepreneurial world, deciding to go off and be independent. Our strategy has remained the same. We do not buy FAs into the RIA world with checks, with financial incentives. That is a rat-hole, I believe, to go down and begins to make RIA custodians take the first step toward looking like the full -- the wire houses who pay FAs to bounce around from one firm to another. So that is a rat trap that we chose not to go down. Some competitors did and we're not going to go there in the future. We'll ride the mega trend of FAs who want to be an entrepreneur moving into the RIA world and be pleased with that rate of growth.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Just one last one. Just to clarify, you mentioned on the mutual fund clearing business, there's still roughly another $40-some-odd billion to go. Is that typical pricing for that business or is there any difference in pricing relative to your legacy business?
Walter W. Bettinger: It's about -- there's about $80 billion from this 1 client that will move. We expect a little less than $80 billion in the second quarter, $7 billion of it has moved. The pricing in that business is, again, a couple of basis points and this client is priced at the market, if not maybe a little below given their size. So it's a very, very miniscule economic impact.
Joseph R. Martinetto: Excuse me, let me just make a comment. That's all built into our plans, also, because we've known about this deconversion for over a year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Howard Chen.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Walt, you highlighted the traction from some of your ongoing growth initiatives but just, given you have -- that the firm -- the company's got so many irons in the fire, I was hoping you could just update us a bit more on some of the other new initiatives you have in place like the completion products, passive 401(k), IBS and the newer retirement annuity offer?
Walter W. Bettinger: Sure. From the completion product you mean some of the fee-based advisory solutions?
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right. Windhaven and Thompson [ph].
Walter W. Bettinger: Sure. So Windhaven continues to have a strong reception in the marketplace. I believe we're up over $16 billion as of the last report I saw on that. Of course it fluctuates a little bit with the equity markets but continues to have exceptional results. ThomasPartners will be available nationally next month. We believe there is a fair amount of pent-up demand and interest in ThomasPartners. So we expect that program offering for our clients to be very, very well-received, again create better outcomes for our clients while generating additional investment management fees for us, further diversifying our revenue stream. Independent branch model continues to go well. We continue to go slow, as we've reiterated at each opportunity. The early independent branches that have now been open for a year or more have had strong results. You may recall our goal was for them to do about $10 billion of net new assets over the course of a year and the number that they seem to be coming in at is more in the $20 million to $30 million. I did say million, not billion, didn't I? $10 million a year and they're coming in more like $20 million to $30 million. That said, we'll continue to go slow because we understand the implications of this strategy and the risks inherent in it. Our index-only 401(k) is very, very well-received, particularly at this point among our existing clients. The interesting aspect of the index 401(k), as we have talked about previously, is that consultants who often control the decision-making aspect of 401(k) and whose business model is based on selecting active managed funds, hiring and firing funds, as you might expect, are threatened by the index program because it removes the need for that selection, periodic hiring and firing of active managers. So I think this is one of those issues that creates a speedbump as opposed to a long-term dilemma for this program because it is in the best interests of participants and employers, in our view, and ultimately they will see through the consultants' views who are trying to block employer access to this program. But the reception among our existing clients is outstanding and, in the marketplace, it's gathering momentum also. And then you asked about the annuity. The annuity is -- it's fairly new. We're pleased with early results but, again, we're talking about modest numbers because it's only been out for a couple of months. But we're pleased with the quality of the product and we think, over time, it will have success in meeting needs of our clients.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And we can see the accelerating NMA trends but was hoping you could discuss any interesting things that you see across the balance from -- is that gross inflows from new client acquisition versus increased wallet share from existing clients versus better retention from competitors being more rational? How's that balance evolving?
Walter W. Bettinger: I think it's all 3 of those, Howard. That's a good question. I think it's all 3 of those but the 1 that particularly seems to be accelerating is wallet share. So we continue to win in the marketplace on a net transfer of asset basis across our competitor set but what we see having a significant impact in our flows is many clients, if not maybe most clients today, have assets at a number of different firms and yet I believe we are consistently winning, "Where do I put that next dollar", which is where we really want to win because that's a sustainable competitive advantage as people decide more and more to concentrate their wallet share with us. So that probably is a larger impact among the 3 that you mentioned although we continue to have success in all of them.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Great. And then just final question for me. For you, Joe, just to follow-up on balance sheet capacity. Given -- I hear the broader message loud and clear but just given all the moving parts with April tax season, the record asset gathering, the bulk transfer you mentioned and just the improving profile and the budget, I was hoping you just drill a bit down -- down a bit more on how you see the balance sheet capacity progressing as we look over the next few months.
Joseph R. Martinetto: Sure. As I said, I think that Q1 leverage ratio is going to be the low point in the quarter. Our plans would expect some continued growth in line with, I think, more consistent with what we've seen historically, taking out that Q4 blip. At this point we would say we'd be able to handle that and see some modest increases in leverage ratio throughout the course of the rest of the year but the increases in that leverage ratio are pretty modest. So kind of getting back to some of the earlier commentary, I'm not sure in this year we've turned the corner to a point where we're generating enough excess capital to really be able to say we're talking about, thinking about returns beyond what we've been able to do in terms of dividend for a while. We do then build some additional flexibility should we see some bigger movements beyond what we've already got baked in but we are thinking at this point that we probably hit the trough on the leverage ratio, all other things being equal and would expect to start, at a slower pace, amassing some capital from here.
Richard Fowler: Operator, I'm going to cut in with a couple of questions from the web console. Both of these are for Joe. Maybe first one, Joe, folks are interested in where we are on the regulatory front with the bank and how we're thinking about our situation vis--vis CCAR [ph] and do we have any worries about eventually maybe getting pulled under that regime, et cetera?
Joseph R. Martinetto: So at this point it appears that we're going to be treated like a capper bank, not a CCAR [ph] bank. So we'll still be running the scenarios and submitting a formal capital plan beginning next year but it's going to be in the capper regime as opposed to the CCAR [ph] regime, so a little bit different in terms of public disclosure and the timing of review and the impacts of that review from the regulatory point of -- perspective. So to the best of our knowledge at this point, no one has had any discussions with us about pulling us into a CCAR-type [ph] regime. It does look like the capper structure is where we're going to land from a capital management perspective.
Richard Fowler: And we feel comfortable based on where we stand that, that doesn't create new issues for us or anything else to look ahead to.
Joseph R. Martinetto: We're again very comfortable with our capitalization. The stress test results that we've run internally would indicate that we've got adequate capital for some very severe scenarios that we've been able to run. So our comfort with our capital level is very high.
Richard Fowler: And this is another Professor Martinetto explains it all for you moment but I think it'd be useful for folks to hear you talk a little bit more about how we think about our deposits and duration rate sensitivity. How do we segment them? Kind of what process do we go through in thinking about that? And then the follow-on was, when we look at our deposit base, how do we think about the proportion that might be enhanced if fiduciaries or maybe in general more susceptible to movement, rate movement or other types of quick in- or out-flows.
Joseph R. Martinetto: Okay. So I'll handle that piece first and then get back to the segmentation. I think we've been pretty careful in the construction of the balance sheet to try to get client cash to places where it's best sat to be managed from a spread from a liquidity from an interest rate risk perspective. So the vast majority of what sits on our balance sheet is retail money, not advisor money. Advisors do have a propensity to move money little bit more quickly and to the extent that they can draw that money out faster because they're moving multiple accounts at once as opposed to single accounts, they can accelerate liquidity demands and, if they do that, then you don't have as much flexibility to get out the yield curve a little bit and invest that money. So for a lot of reasons bringing that advisor money onto the balance sheet, putting capital against it if you get can't get out the curve, it may not make a lot of sense economically to do that. So, again, the vast majority of what sits on our balance sheet is retail-oriented money. The vast majority of the advisor cash is sitting over in money-fund type products where they're probably better served from that liquidity demand perspective. So now getting into how do we think about the individual product segmentation, I don't think we're that different from the way that most financial institutions look at the product sets. You tend to do a couple of different types of analyses. One is you're trying to judge what your repricing characteristics look like or the beta of the product in terms of changes in rates relative to changes in the economic environment. The second half of what you're looking at is how long do you expect to hold on to that cash? And so you're melding that run-off type analysis with the repricing characteristics and, by every individual product, you end up with a set of assumptions because, again, these aren't fixed deposit maturities. You have to make assumptions about how long you're going to have that cash and how's it going to reprice and, as you look at the tiering of our products, you end up with some different duration-type assumptions. Sweep balances do end up being some of the most rate inelastic and some of the longest-lasting cash balances and so that implies that they've got a pretty long duration. Things like high-yield investor checking tend to be a little bit shorter because people are using them more transactionally in their financial management. So there tends to be a little bit more turnover on that cash balance. So as I said in the commentary, the vast majority of that money that came in Q4 went into sweep, that extended the overall duration of the liability part of the structure. We had to let the assets move out a little bit to offset that or we would've frankly been increasing our rate sensitivity, which is not something we want to do at this point.
Operator: And your next question comes from Alex Blostein.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just want to go back for a second to the balance sheet discussion. Appreciate you guys commenting that Tier 1 leverage has probably hit the low point but when you think about the guidance that you provided as far as revenue growth, et cetera, how should we think about the average earning asset growth over the next, I guess, this year and next year. And then, I guess as a follow-up to that, can you remind us again your appetite and potential need to issue more preferreds and how much room do you still have in your capital structure from a regulatory perspective to add preferreds to the capital deck?
Joseph R. Martinetto: Okay. So I guess a couple of things. Client cash levels are sitting at about average for what we've seen in the long run. You saw that chart in Walt's part of the presentation. So we don't think we've got big movements related to people truing up relative to the cash into the markets or out of the markets. So that said, we would expect client cash balances to grow about in line with the pace of client acquisitions. So to the extent that we can drive client acquisition in the 8% kind of range, maybe a little bit better, maybe a little bit softer, but you would expect the balance sheet to grow pretty much in line with that kind of client acquisition range. So that's, that piece of it. On the preferred piece, we do still retain some flexibility should we need to issue. We think we can probably get up to about 15% of the capital structure being comprised of preferred securities and so that means we've still probably got $500 million or so of capacity today and that will grow over time to the extent that retained earnings also grow. So we've got, I think, plenty of capacity should we see a big inflow to potentially issue some preferred. I'd also say though that, that 6% internal target is just that. It is a target and to the extent that we see a large inflow for a short period of time or something that we think is somewhat anomalous, we might be willing to operate for a short period below that number to allow ourselves to recover over time as that works its way through. So that's I guess how we think about capital management in the moment.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then a broader question for you guys on just general retail training. It looks like activity rates continue to come down year-over-year whether you look at dollars or you look at trades per account and I was wondering to kind of hear your thoughts on whether or not you think there's something more structural changing in the business and whether it's more people putting money to work into asset-based allocation programs, where there's just less need to actively trade and again your business model is pretty well positioned to capture that. But as we think about the industry broadly, do you think that's the trend that it'll just still continue despite the fact that, yes, volatility might be low and yes, it might pick up, but there's just a different mindset on how people invest?
Walter W. Bettinger: Well, we have felt that there was an evolving different mindset for a number of years, which is the reason why we structured our strategy over the last decade to be in the position we're in. So we do believe that -- there's an evolving mindset. That's not to say that if you don't get a running bull market that you wouldn't see trading spike because everybody's a great trader when the market's going up. But sure, we do believe that there is somewhat fundamental change in the view of investors toward lower-risk approaches, toward lower volatility type of asset allocation and maybe not that surprising based on what's gone on over the last 13 or so years that, that would be the case. That's not to the say that trading isn't important. Trading is important and there are some modest percentage of people who are superb at trading and do so under a true strategy that yields reasonable returns for them. But the idea of trading for the masses as a way to build their investment, well, I think is a waning concept.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Hopson.
J. Jeffrey Hopson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So maybe a little bit of a follow-up on those same type of questions. As you look at the money flowing into your advice platforms, is there anything you can say about the nature of those particular clients in terms of age and tenure, of size of accounts, et cetera and then, to the extent that money is being invested, it sounds to me like you're saying that it's perhaps coming off the sidelines but going into not super risky but some intermediate type of risk account perhaps? And in terms of cash flows, are we seeing any money, say, come out of bank deposits into, say, longer-term investments?
Walter W. Bettinger: There's a lot there, Jeff. So I think that what you see going on with, in part, the growth into the advisory solutions is a recognition on the part of clients, particularly clients who are, say, closer to a traditional retirement age or even at a traditional retirement age that getting professional help is important and that getting professional help that is designed to -- or at least whose goal is to cut off some of the downside is critically important. Investors are not able to invest today as we all know for significant yield and income and therefore, there's a desire not to lose meaningful principle if you are close to retirement or in retirement. I think that's playing in, to some extent, into the desire to move into professionally managed portfolios, particularly those that are effectively risk managed, and I believe programs like Windhaven or our private client program or the work that independent investment advisors do on behalf of clients have that -- have those types of characteristics. I don't know that we've gotten involved in breaking out details behind the people that are moving into advisory offers. With respect to money moving from bank, I think cash levels are relatively stable. They're not elevated, they're not far below history. What's happening is people are simply deciding that this part of my portfolio that maybe I had managed myself would be better suited to get some professional assistance with. I think that's where the flows are coming into the advisory side when they're with existing clients. And then, as we capture additional wallet share from existing clients, as I referenced earlier in one of the questions, I think that money also, to some extent, is finding its way into advisory offers.
J. Jeffrey Hopson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. Can I follow up? On the Schwab branches, and I know this is still very early in the development, but what have you seen in terms of channel conflict, which I think from early on you thought there would be little but is there sense that, yes, in fact you're getting client money kind of in between the sources that you would have -- the other channels I guess.
Walter W. Bettinger: We've not seen any evidence of channel conflict. In fact, to the opposite we've seen positive reaction both among our company stores. One of our independent branches had such an influx of clients that we actually helped out with one of our company store employees going to that independent branch to assist them. And we've seen positive response from advisors, also, bearing in mind that independent branches have the exact same retail solutions as our company stores. So we're seeing referrals into our Schwab Advisor Network program into RIAs from our independent branches. So from an RIA viewpoint, objectively, it's simply additional potential distribution for them. So as we indicate we did not expect conflict. We're not seeing it. In fact, quite the opposite, we think it's a nice move that fills in the gap between company stores and independent advisors.
Richard Fowler: Okay. We're at the top of the hour so I think we're going to keep to the schedule and get folks on their way. Thanks, as always, for participating in these with us and to the extent you guys want to follow-up on anything, by all means let IR know and we'll go from there. So thanks again, everybody. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard Fowler - Walter W. Bettinger - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Policy Committee Joseph R. Martinetto - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division J. Jeffrey Hopson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Richard Fowler: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Spring 2012 Schwab Business Update. This is Rich Fowler, Head of Investor Relations for Schwab coming to you live once again from the cutting edge Schwab webcast center/converted conference room in beautiful San Francisco. It's looking like an okay day out here starting out. A few clouds, a couple of drops, just enough to be refreshing if you have your top down. But we're building a very pretty good pollen season out here, which I find affects me more in my old age, so I can arrive at the office looking like I've been up all night reading Nicholas Sparks or FOMC minutes or something equally depressing. Moving on, with me here today are Walt Bettinger and Joe Martinetto. By now, I think we're pretty used to this presentation format. We're doing an interim update today, so we'll spend just an hour with Walt and Joe sharing their perspectives on life at Schwab right now. We'll start up with prepared comments, and we'll go to Q&A until it's time to wrap up. Before Walt starts us off, let's spend a moment on the ever-popular forward-looking statements. The main point of which is to remind everyone that outcomes can differ from expectations. So please keep an eye on our evolving disclosures. And then let's cover how we'll take questions. Once again, we'll do so via the webcast console and via the dial-in as well. For anyone who doesn't already have it, that number is (800) 871-6752, the conference ID is 38866056. When we start the Q&A session, we'll ask the operator to remind us how the process works. Okay, we have the administrative stuff out of the way. We have our 2 terrific speakers lined up and ready to go. We're audible to the outside world, always a good thing. So let's begin. Walt, would you start us off?
Walter W. Bettinger: Good morning, everyone. Thanks, Rich. Thank you for joining us for our spring 2012 update. I'd like to go ahead and start with a quick and high-level summary of our strategy and managerial viewpoints. First and maybe most importantly, our strategy of viewing every decision we're faced with through the clients' eyes continues to resonate. We continue to believe it's the right strategy for today, for tomorrow and for the long term. The fundamental challenge, in our view, in the financial and investment services business is one of building and maintaining client trust, and we believe our strategy is highly successful at achieving this. The second, we continue to focus on the areas that are within our control and influence. That means looking at clients, building the earnings power of the franchise for the long term. We do believe that the current interest rate environment is an aberration. It's not likely to be the norm for years and years to come. And then third, although our revenues were significantly impacted by the extraordinary Fed actions under Operation Twist, we are moving past this bump in the road, and we're delivering growth. In the first quarter, retail investor sentiment did begin to improve. You can see that illustrated on the charts here on this slide that reflect client responses to our surveys. Investors are feeling better about their financial position. They're feeling more and more confident, making decisions at least relative to the past few quarters. That said, the old and, I might even argue, outdated means of evaluating retail client engagement by measuring trading activity really doesn't apply. Investors are engaging instead by adding to their investment accounts, implementing investment decisions. Their cash positions as a percentage of investment assets continue an overall downward trend, at least from the peak of the financial crisis. We are beginning to see an early pickup of net new assets across our client segments. We've seen it from retail, to adviser, to 401(k), and of course, that was reflected in the $39 billion of net new assets and $27 billion of net new core assets that we attracted in the first quarter of this year. Certainly, recent years have had an impact on the way that investors make decisions and the extent to which they're looking for professional help. This plays directly into many of our strategies. Independent investment advisors keep and continue to experience strong organic growth. Increasingly, our retail investor clients are looking for assistance with their portfolios also. You can see here on the charts today about $850 billion of assets at Schwab are under some form of fiduciary-driven investment advisor relationship. On the retail side, it's about 16% of assets. So it illustrates the significant opportunity before us to both improve client outcomes, as well as to monetize our retail client asset. Now when we look back at the first quarter from a metrics standpoint, we're further encouraged because both new accounts, as well as net new core assets were at their highest levels since the first quarter of 2008. Now some might ask why we break out the difference between net new assets and core net new assets. Our belief is that transparency begets trust. And just as we've strived to build trust with our clients, we've started to build trust with our owners, with the analysts who cover our stock and with the general public. We all know that the approximate revenue we earn per dollar of client asset is somewhere between 25 and 30 basis points today and in a more normal interest rate environment, are likely somewhere between 35 and 40 basis points. So to the extent we bring in assets that do not reflect, at least on average, these levels of revenue streams, so for example, assets from our mutual fund clearing business, we feel that transparency and trust is served by identifying this for you. Overall, you can also see client assets, as well as our retail Client Promoter Score or Net Promoter Score, both were at all-time record levels at the end of the first quarter, again, further offering us encouragement around future growth, as well as future financial performance. Now as I mentioned earlier, the Fed's extraordinary decision to purchase about 3/4 of our nation's debt issuance by the Treasury during 2011, largely under Operation Twist, negatively impacted our revenue. The 10-year Treasury yield, which is the closest proxy for the yield we're able to earn on our balance sheet investments given the conservative approach we take to investing, that fell somewhere between 100 and 125 basis points during 2011. When you apply that to the $110 billion or so balance sheet that we have at Schwab, the revenue impact certainly created the bump in the road that I referenced. However, we believe that this troughed in the fourth quarter, and what we've seen since then is a reflection of some of the growth potential within our company. Revenue up 7% sequentially, earnings up 20% sequentially. So a strong bounce off this trough from Q4 of '11 to Q1 of '12. From an operating standpoint, we continue to utilize our 5 operating priorities under our "through clients' eyes" strategy umbrella to drive our execution. Of course, those are: diversified client acquisition, win-win monetization, long-term client retention, expense discipline and effective capital management. Let me take a minute to review with you several of our key current initiatives from an execution standpoint. I won't touch on all these, but I thought it'd be worth spending a few minutes identifying some highlights on several of them. First, our Schwab Index Advantage program, which is our index-oriented 401(k), offers customized advice for every participant. It's gaining strong early traction in the marketplace. We have several hundred clients interested in this -- in moving to this program. We already have 10 or 12 who've made the commitment. We expect that to continue to accelerate fairly rapidly. Again, for those of you maybe not as familiar with the program, it's very attractive to fiduciaries relative to trying to select actively managed funds as it uses all index products. And for participants, in my opinion, it simply delivers a better experience, lower cost and advice for them that is far more customized than the blunt instrument of, say, a target-date fund that only looks at a participant's age and then treats every participant exactly the same. Our Independent Branch Services program, we now have 2,300 candidate leads to date. We've signed 5 leaders who will oversee franchised branches. We'll open our third location here next month. We're still looking for somewhere around a dozen or so locations by year end of 2012, although I do want to emphasize that, as we've indicated, this is a long-term strategy, and we are focused on quality rather than quantity. That's so critical for the pioneers in an effort like this. Just as a frame of reference, the average franchise strategy takes 3 years to get to 20 locations and 8 years to get to 100. So I just think it's important to have that as context around what we're doing with our franchise strategy. New prospect website, we've had very positive client prospect feedback. Engagement is up significantly. A prospect online chat with our new site, it's up 55% year-over-year. That's Q1 '12 over Q1 '11. And our yield rates are also up. The yield rate is the percentage of visitors who actually then go on to schwab.com and open a new account. That's up 11% year-over-year and up 44%, if you look at just March of '12 versus March of '11. So our new prospect website appears to be driving significant traffic, as well as new account generation. On the lending side, we continue to see strong activity since we began our transition away from partnering with PHH to partnering with Quicken Loans. We're seeing about 1,400 leads a week for mortgages, and our cycle time is running under 35 days for mortgages, and that compares to where we were 80-plus days in the past with our prior partner. So very encouraging with Quicken Loans. Let me mention a little bit about optionsXpress. We continue to deliver more and more functionality to our clients. Most recently, we introduced our instant move money feature that makes it very easy for clients to move money seamlessly between Schwab accounts and optionsXpress accounts. Dual households, which are clients who have an account at both optionsXpress as well as Schwab are growing quickly. They're ahead of plan. Clients who open an optionsXpress account, they bring in more assets and they trade with more frequency than the previous client base at optionsXpress. We've also made the educational content that is quite rich from optionsXpress available to all of our Schwab clients via our active trading learning center. And as you may have seen in the press, we are working through a series of issues with regulators that stem from some activities prior to our acquisition of the firm. Global investing, we'll be launching our online trading capability with somewhere around 12 countries, 8 currencies later this summer, very exciting, tremendous transparency delivered to the investor around the various ways to purchase global stocks, whether it'd be ADRs, over the counter, or directly on the exchange of the local security, with transparency as to the benefits, pros and cons of each. It's a very exciting capability. Looking forward to introducing. Mention quickly, Compliance11, the progress there. Compliance11 is the software firm that we acquired recently that is a leader in providing compliance software to companies. They continue to experience strong growth. We just signed up our 400th client. When we first began speaking with Compliance11 last year, their total clients were in the mid-200s. And when we closed the deal, near the end of last year, we were in the low 300s. So continue to experience strong growth. We've begun the integration of the strategy of Compliance11 along with our Designated Brokerage capability, where we are the leader in the industry in working with companies that have to monitor the trading and investing of their employees. And we continue to work and invest on the technology front. Our aim is to bring out a next-generation solution under Compliance11 later this year. Let me just make one last quick comment here on Advisor Services. We have introduced 3 new platforms under our Schwab Intelligent Integration, and we continue to bring in new advisors to that business. Already, so far this year, we've added over 40 advisory firms. We break this out by firms, not by individual brokers. So over 40 firms and a very consistent flow of advisors breaking away and deciding to become independent as an RIA. To go ahead and close my presentation today, I wanted to review with all of you an illustration that we think paints the picture as to why we're so confident in our strategies, as well as our efforts. Now in all likelihood, the figures on this page are probably very familiar to you listeners. As my assumption is, that all or virtually all of you have probably already calculated similar numbers in your models. However, we wanted to show you our version of how the formula works if we extrapolate out a few years into the future. What we've done is we've shown 3 scenarios of potential revenue out 5 years from now. So beginning at 1/1/12 and taking us to the end of 2016. So 3 scenarios in the box here, and let me just walk through them quickly. The top scenario takes our current state, and it assumes no changes for the next 5 years other than the long-standing assumption that we've used, which is a 6.5% growth rate in equity markets. In other words, we've made an assumption of no change in interest rates, no change in asset mix, net new assets continue to grow at approximately 6% of our base. Now that's similar to the rate that we have been growing net new assets during this low interest rate environment. The overall revenue per dollar of client assets, what we sometimes refer to as ROCA, revenue on client assets, remains right where it is today. That's about 27 basis points. So really no changes other than our assumption around equity market growth. And under that scenario, our math leads us to a 12% compounded revenue growth rate over the next 5 years. Now the middle scenario keeps every assumption exactly the same as the first scenario. However, it illustrates that interest rates begin to rise at the beginning of 2015. And they rise at a fairly steady rate until the end of 2016, at which by that fourth quarter, our firmwide revenue per dollar of client assets is back to 37 basis points. Now that's the actual level of revenue per dollar of client assets that we were achieving at the beginning of 2008. So we've just carried it back to right where we were the beginning of 2008, again, with rates beginning to rise at the beginning of 2015. And under that scenario, you can see over the 5 years, revenue compounds at a 19% growth rate and ends up around $10.5 billion. And then under the scenario at the bottom of the chart, we make one more assumption change from the middle scenario. We increased our net new asset growth rate to the middle of the historical range that we've achieved of 8% to 10%, I think. So we used 9% in this bottom scenario. We don't assume that begins to occur until, again, 2015 at a point in time that interest rates would begin to increase. And under that scenario, revenue compounds at a 20% rate over the next 5 years and gets slightly in excess of $11 billion. Now we did not, in any of these mathematical calculations, include the potential impact from some of our execution strategies. So for example, we didn't assume that we achieved a higher penetration rate from a percentage standpoint in, say, advisory sales within retail. We didn't factor in anything for Schwab Index Advantage, our 401(k) program. We didn't factor in anything for independent branch strategies. For that matter, we didn't even factor in anything for financial management steps we might take like additional transfers of money market fund assets over to our balance sheet. If you take the interest rate levels comparable to Q1 '08, then every $10 billion that we might move to the balance sheet from the money market funds would generate approximately an incremental $430 million of annual revenue. So we just wanted to make sure that we shared with all of you the math that we look at. Again, my assumption is, there's no surprises here and everyone is very familiar with these numbers from your own models. But we just thought it would be appropriate to share with you the math that we look at. So with that, let me go ahead. And Joe, I'll pass the baton over to you, and you can go into some more details on our financials.
Joseph R. Martinetto: I was never a runner like Rich, so I hope I don't drop the baton here. But there's some great pictures out there, if you guys want to go find them, of Rich in his heyday. While we had an incredibly compelling story for long-term growth, but I think we're equally as confident in how the formula translates into growth here in the near term. So what I'd like to do now is turn our attention to a little closer point in time and look at Q1 first, which is actually a great business case for how the formula does work when we get to an environment where we're not facing economic headwinds. And then I'll go ahead and update you throughout the rest of the deck on some of the main drivers of earnings as we look forward through the remainder of 2012. So let's jump into Q1 and hit the economic environment here pretty quickly. So for the first time in a long time, we actually got a little bit help out of the environment. Instead of talking about markets that were flat to down, we're actually talking about market valuations that were up. Now everybody talks about the S&P being up about 12% in the quarter. That's great if you're actually a long holder and you're computing your gains in the quarter. I'd remind you as somebody who's computing fees that we're looking at average increases as opposed to point-to-point ends. And on average, the S&P was still up about 6%. So we had some help there in the quarter from that, and we will have some continuing help into Q2 if the equity markets stay with valuations consistent with where they are today. So we've got a little bit of help coming from the equity markets. Not really the same story from the fixed income market. You can see here that the 10-year rate on average was basically flat quarter-over-quarter. We had a period where we got a little bit of spike here at the end of the first quarter, and at the beginning of the second quarter, we've given that back up already. So I think we've got a number on here of 1.98% as of last night. The last I looked before I came down, we were back to 1.94%. So the Treasury market's moving around a little bit, still seems a little bit range bound. I'd say at this point that it's not really helpful, but not really harmful. It's just kind of sitting there within a reasonable range. So overall, an economic environment that's benign to somewhat helpful. In that kind of an environment, as Walt had said earlier, we were able to see some pretty substantial sequential improvement. So when you start breaking that down into a little bit more detail, what we were really pleased to see was all of the main revenue lines were up sequentially quarter-over-quarter. So the lift that I talked about in market valuations, along with our continued inroads with advisory product sales, led to a 6% lift in asset management and admin fees in the quarter. Net interest revenue was up 10%. Now and people will remember that we talked about the large impact of prepayment amortizations or the large impact of amortizations related to prepayments that we took in the fourth quarter. That drove about 60% of that 10% lift. But the remainder of it was driven by continued growth in the balance sheet. So the growth in client franchise continued to drive that line forward. Finally, trading revenue up 4% on DARTs, they were up 4%. So good news is, DARTs have settled into a range. As we get back into the scenarios, we'll see that we are running a little bit below our loftier expectations for growth in trades. But the fact of the matter is, we're probably in a range here now as we move into the summer months, particularly in a year where we're facing a contested presidential election. That doesn't tend to generally bode well for seeing big lift in trade count. But that aside, we were able to put up in total a lift in revenues of 7% quarter-over-quarter. The discipline that we've continued to exhibit around expenses of only 2% expense growth quarter-over-quarter. And if you stripped out the impacts of payroll taxes, which kick back in at the beginning of every year, we actually would've seen expenses down slightly over the fourth quarter. All of that together combining for a 20% lift in earnings in one quarter over the prior quarter. That's the way the business model is supposed to work, and so everything that we've been saying about what happens to the company's financials in a more benign economic environment, we were able to demonstrate that in the first quarter here. As we start looking forward to the remainder of the year, a quick update here on net interest margin. At 167 basis points in Q1, we were a little bit better than, I think, we had believed and probably many of the folks out there had factored into their expectations. Prepayment activity was a little bit slower than we thought it was going to be, and that was somewhat helpful. We also invested pretty heavily into March when we saw rates a little bit better. So both of those things are helpful. That said, we do tend to expect that we're going to see some continuing downward pressure on net interest margin as we move through the remainder of the year. We continue to get cash flows in that we're reinvesting at rates that are below where our average rates are today. Now -- and this pressure is very modest, but we do expect to see the margin continue to decline some through the remainder of the year. For now, we're going to stick with that 160 basis point estimate for the end of the year. Could we be a little bit better than that? We could absolutely be a couple of basis points better than that if everything plays through in our favor. But frankly, it's just too early in the year to make a revision to that number, and there's too many moving parts that can adjust it. So for now we're going to stick with that, but we'll continue to provide updates as we move through the course of the year. So as we talk about too many moving parts, the same story is really true as we start talking about money fund revenues. We've tried several different approaches to try to make this a simple story, and the fact of the matter is, it really just isn't. We run 3 substantially different kinds of portfolios all embedded in money funds. We have muni funds, we have prime funds, and we have Treasury and government funds. And all of those instruments price off of different kinds of instruments in the market. The muni funds tend to price more with the SIFMA market. The prime funds historically had moved along with LIBOR. We've seen distortions in that, and LIBOR is obviously being continuously impacted by what's going on in Europe. And today, we would say the repo curve maybe is a little bit better proxy and then the government market moves pretty much in line with the posted government rates. But those 3 markets can, at points in time, all move in different manners. And so to try to pick a single rate and say, that's going to be the thing that everybody should look at, unfortunately, it's just not that simple. So I think we've tried to simplify it and at this point are saying, I don't know that we've got a great proxy for everybody to look at. We probably have to look at the 3 markets independently. But all of that said, we did get some help ,particularly out of the Treasury market, with some firmness in rates as we got into the first quarter of the year. So on balances that actually declined, we were able to produce net revenues in the money funds that were up slightly versus where they were in the fourth quarter of last year. As we look forward to the remainder of the year, if rates and balances stay where they are as of the first quarter, we would expect again some modest improvement in those net money fund fee revenues, up to the $60 million to $65 million range from the $59 million that we experienced in the first quarter. That said, I'd also put some caution out that post tax time, it's pretty typical to see the government start to slow bill issuance. And if they do this year as they typically do, we would expect to see a little softness in the Treasury market. So again, rates may not stay this firm as we move through the remainder of the year, but for now, we're going to say, if rates stay flat, we would expect revenues to stay in that $60 million to $65 million range going forward. So as we pull all this together, and I wish I could show people my page here that I'm looking at as opposed to the one up on the screen because I've got little arrows drawn on mine. Next to the S&P, I've got a little up arrow because we're getting a little bit of help out of the market that we weren't expecting. I got a flat one next to the rate environment because it's pretty much playing out at about in line with our expectations and a down arrow next to the DARTs because I think 20% was maybe a little bit aggressive for DART lift. We aren't there in Q1 and likely aren't going to get there as we move through the summer. But as you put all that together, we're about on track with the scenario that we laid out up at the top of the page, that more benign kind of economic scenario translating into that 8% revenue growth and a pretax margin of about 30%. So one piece of housekeeping here that I want to make sure everybody picks up around the preferred dividend, because of the timing of our board meetings relative to the need to get the dividend declared and paid in time, it is likely that we will be declaring the preferred dividend in the second quarter. And the dividend is accrued at the time it's declared, not at the time it's paid. So you are likely to see the second quarter earnings number impacted by the preferred dividend as opposed to the third quarter earnings number. And just to remind everybody that the math here is, you subtract the dividend out from net income to get into net income available for common, and then you divide that by the number of shares to get to EPS. So just keep in your minds that we are likely to declare that dividend in Q2 as opposed to Q3. Moving on to the balance sheet and capital. Walt talked a little bit about what we're seeing on the client cash balance side as that sense of optimism with the consumers continues to impact their activities in the market. We did see a slowing in the growth of the balance sheet quarter-over-quarter. If you look down in the capital section, you'll note that the leverage ratio was up about 20 basis points. We talked about an almost 40 basis point impact from the increase of the preferred, but I'll remind everybody the leverage ratio is calculated on average assets as opposed to ending assets. So when you get the kind of growth we experienced in the balance sheet in the fourth quarter, we get the lagging impact on that first quarter average still picking up that growth in the balance sheet. So some of that capital was consumed funding the growth that we'd already experienced at the end of the year. Moving on to credit. We've got a good story to tell on the loan book here. We saw improvements in the metrics around delinquencies and nonaccruals, and as a result of that, we didn't take any additional loan loss reserve in the first quarter. Now to make sure I'm really clear here, we didn't release any reserves, we just didn't take any additional reserves against our loan book, and we thought that was appropriate against the credit experience that we were seeing in that book. Contrary to that, when we look at the temporary -- other than temporary impairment in the investment securities book, we saw a little jump in those numbers. Again, that was tied to some new metrics that we were able to see in the marketplace for the first time. So we got reporting from a number of servicers around modified loans that were being reported as performing in the loan pools supporting the securities that we held. Because we continue to see in the marketplace a higher rate of recidivism on those modified loans, we adjusted our loss factors related to those pools and took our loss factors up a little bit. So what I would say is, we're trued-up to all the information that we've got today in the marketplace, and I would encourage people to think about that difference in the $18 million number that we recorded in the first quarter versus the high single digits number that we've been recording more consistently for the past year or so. That difference was really a true-up to those new facts that were available in the market around credit, not necessarily indicative of an ongoing run rate that we would expect to experience as we move forward through the remainder of the year. So we bring it all together, both in the short run and in the long run. That drive of client acquisition, along with the move to continue to monetize the client assets, are both going to combine to drive revenue growth going forward. We'll manage expenses appropriately as we have now for a number of years for the environment we find ourselves in to make sure that we're returning appropriately to shareholders in the near term and making the investments that are necessary to continue to grow the firm in the long run. On the capital management front, we continue to deploy it. We believe in the best manner available to earn returns for our shareholders. Right now, that means that we're putting the majority of what we're generating or virtually all of what we're generating to work to support the growth of the balance sheet and continue to drive revenues that way as opposed to using the excess capital to return to shareholders in the forms of buyback, and that's what we would expect to do at least through the remainder of the year based on what we can see at this point. But again, as we bring it all together, we're confident that we can grow revenues and grow earnings, both in the near term and in the long term, as long as we don't see a continued deterioration in the interest rate environment. So at that point, I'd like to turn it back to Rich, and we'll open it up for questions.
Richard Fowler: Okay, thanks, Joe. Operator, could you just walk us through quickly one more time how to do the phone-based questions? And then of course, everybody knows that they can use the ask-a-question box on the webcast console.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Rich Repetto.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: My question is, Walt, when you talked about the 16% retail in advised offerings, and I'm just trying to see -- this is something, like sort of organically that you market to yourself or you try to convert your own customers to these offerings. Where can you get this number to go to? You feel comfortable that you could get it as a target. And then, a little bit on how it might impact, I know the ROCA on these advised offerings is higher, but how you look at sort of the incremental profitability there.
Walter W. Bettinger: Sure. I don't know that we have actually stated a percentage where we think it can get to, but we think there is a meaningful runway up from 16%. There are hundreds of billions of dollars there of assets that are not under an advisory relationship, and we are in ongoing conversations with clients on a daily basis around whether they would be best served by that or not. Fundamentally, what we want to do is do what is in the best interest of the client. For some clients, it is in their best interest to move into an advisory offer. In some cases, they're better off as a self-directed investor. So we want to what's client's best interest. In terms of the revenue, the revenue swing is fairly substantial for our client who moves from a self-directed position typically into an advisory-based solution. Often a self-directed investor holds individual securities that have no ongoing revenue stream. They may have some mutual funds where we could be generating a modest amount of revenue. Most of our advisory solutions generate for us somewhere between, say, 70 and 100 basis points worth of revenue that we don't have to share with a third party. So the lift is meaningful as clients move into those advisory relationships. And therefore, it's very attractive for us from an earnings standpoint. But I just want to emphasize that really the driving factor for us is what's going to be in the client's best interest.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Got it. And if I could, just one follow-up. Joe, you did talk about capital levels. I guess the question is, you were also, I believe, going through a transition to new regulators, OCC and the Fed. I was just trying to see how those negotiations going. And also I didn't quite get whether you implemented the guidance in regards to the performing second liens against nonperforming first, whether that's even an issue or did you implement it?
Joseph R. Martinetto: So from a capital standpoint, I'd say, at this point, we're pretty far along our preliminary conversations with the regulators, and they have a high degree of comfort with where we sit in terms of capital from everything they've given us. We have a high degree of comfort in terms of capital. So I think, were we to request permission to buy back stock or, frankly, we don't really need permission at this point, but we would probably want to have a conversation with our regulators just to maintain a good relationship there. Were we to engage in that conversation, my guess is, we could likely move forward with buybacks at this point if we chose to. But as I said in the remarks, at this point, we've got uses for that capital internally to support growth at returns that we think are acceptable, and that's the first place that the capital is going to go. But I don't think at this point we're constrained by regulators as much as we are by the dynamics of the business in terms of how we want to use the capital we're generating. The second part of the question, a little more detail about exactly what you're asking here?
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Well, I don't think this is an issue with you all, but if you have an accruing, a performing second lien or home equity loan, the regulators are encouraging you to put it in nonaccrual status if it is tied to a nonperforming first lien. So even though it's performing, if it's tied to a nonperforming first lien, they want you to put it in nonaccrual.
Joseph R. Martinetto: Yes, I've got to admit, I don't know the details on that. I do know that we've carried our -- all the troubled debt restructurings inside of our nonaccrual numbers for 12 months until we've cleared that 12 month barrier. I'd have to go back and check explicitly on whether we did that for seconds that are tied to firsts. But I can tell you that performance on the seconds portfolio continues to be even better than the first portfolio. So I don't think it's a big issue. My guess is that we've adopted the guidance, but I'd need to confirm that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Howard Chen.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Walt, the long term revenue potential you frame is pretty compelling. I'm just curious how you and the team think about the incremental margin on those revenues. And while 2016 is some time away, what are some of the things you'd like to invest in that maybe you're holding back on now?
Walter W. Bettinger: To the first part of your question, we don't anticipate anything changing in the way that we manage the company from today, in the environment we're living in today into an environment that is a lot more attractive, like the math shows as you get out into 2015, 2016. We don't operate with a targeted margin percent. Rather, we apply very, very rigorous discipline to every spending decision, every investment decision that we would make to make sure that it's creating long term shareholder value. And then the balance of the revenue falls to the bottom line, and then we look to make the most appropriate decisions at that point to the extent there is excess capital. So I think the way we run the company today, with the discipline that we have at a $5 billion revenue level, would be exactly the same as we would run the company in a more normalized environment out into the future. With respect to the second part of the question, things that we would invest in, in frankness, Howard, I'm probably hesitant to share some of that because we've been known to have 1 or 2 competitors participate in these calls, too. So I mean, there are some things that we think about and that we anticipate potentially investing in. If at the point in time the environment improves, they still make strategic sense and will provide returns to our shareholders. But I don't know at this point that we're going to go through any specifics on them. I'm sorry for not answering that part.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: No worries. And just secondly, you're seeing some acceleration in the core growth rate of the franchise. Just hoping to get your broad thoughts on what you're seeing, any changes on the competitive landscape, whether it be by the wirehouses, major banks and some of the discount players.
Walter W. Bettinger: I don't think we've seen any significant competitive environment changes. I think that for a lot of our clients and new households, the environment feels a little bit better, and they're generating a little bit more wealth. Their bonuses may be a little bit bigger at work than they were back in '08, '09 and '10. And we're the beneficiary of that just like we suffered along with them as they experienced more financial challenges in their personal lives.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then finally for me, Joe, you touched a little bit about the leverage and capital adequacy questions, but was just hoping to get a broader regulatory update in terms of where you are in the Fed transition and maybe thoughts on nonbank SIFI and money market reform as you all see it now.
Joseph R. Martinetto: Sure. So on the transition, this is, as I've said before, going to be a long-term cycle here until if and when we see the rules actually converge. So at some point in the future, my guess is we will see the treatment of thrift holding companies converge with bank holding companies, and we'll be all brought into one big bucket of financial institutions. But until that occurs, we'll continue to work with our regulators to make sure that they understand what we're doing and try to navigate those waters. But I don't expect to see even when that convergence of regulation happens substantial changes in our business as a result of that. The bottom line is, we're not brought into the SIFI bucket today, and it doesn't look like from the rules that have been proposed that we'll be brought into the non-bank SIFI bucket. But at some point, if those rules do converge, there is a potential that we could get pulled in as a bank if that's what happens. It looks like at this point, the biggest risk of that versus everything else that we're already trying to make changes around internally to come into compliance with the way the Fed would like to see things versus how the OTS like to see things would be a potential for getting some additional capital surcharge related to being over $50 billion. But I'd point out to people, we're not a large trading company, we're not a large international company. I would expect that we'll fall at the lower end of any capital surcharge that would be introduced. And with that, because the capital surcharges all go against the risk-adjusted numbers, our risk-adjusted numbers are so far in excess of any regulatory minimum that it's hard to see where that's going to have any impact at all in how we operate the company. From a money fund perspective, I don't know that we've got a whole lot more to add than what's already out in the popular press. I think we, like everybody, are waiting to see if and when a rule actually gets proposed. I would expect that there's going to be a fairly long comment period with a lot of comments that'll be entered. We obviously have some perspectives on the strength of the money funds and the changes that have already been made to 2a-7 and the strengthening of the liquidity positions and the credit positions in those funds. We believe today, having watched them come through the crisis of last summer, that those funds are in substantially better positions than they were in, in the beginning of the financial crisis, and we're hoping that, that's going to be factored into any thinking around rulemaking that ultimately gets promulgated.
Richard Fowler: Joe, let me cut in with some from the console. A couple of questions have come in. I know it's something that we give a lot of thought to, so I thought it might be good for you to enlarge on the situation vis--vis the bank and capital. And when we think about a normalizing environment and rates lifting, and obviously a big part of that, that revenue impact is going to be in the bank as a legal entity, how do we think about return on equity with the bank over the long term? What sort of expectations do we have for that?
Joseph R. Martinetto: So if you go back to precrisis levels of returns at the bank, we were well into the mid to high 20s in terms of return on capital. The only thing that's really changed in terms of the dynamic of the capital returns at the bank and what we see as a more normalized rate environment would be the fact that right now, the leverage ratio target is at 7.5% versus the old 6% target. So if we stay at a 7.5% target, that'll obviously have an impact, but there's even then, no reason to believe that we couldn't be around a 20% return on capital at the bank. There is some hope. I think the regulators have been kind enough to give us a guideline now to follow in terms of how to engage in a conversation with them around capital levels and a lot of that depends on running stress tests. And those of you who understand the structure of our bank could probably do this work on the back of the envelope and be pretty accurate. The risk components at the back are pretty small and self-contained. So as we run the bank through stress tests, it looks like we've got not just an adequate level of capital, but to us an excess level of capital. So we're hoping to engage with the OCC on a conversation around that 7.5% target to see if we can maybe whittle that down some going forward. But even without that, I would expect the bank is still going to be accretive for us toward returns on capital across the company.
Richard Fowler: Do we have another question from the phone, operator?
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Bedell.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: A question on both the intermediate and long-term view in terms of your cash management strategy with the money market funds in the bank. Maybe if you could just walk us through some scenarios of, if we did get money market fund regulation, to what extent you would prefer to move -- to try to sweep some of that cash into the bank, which obviously you generate much stronger returns from and should be accretive. And then to what extent the fact that the client cash as a percentage of client assets continues to move down? Do you feel that gives you a much bigger cushion to deploy that type of strategy?
Walter W. Bettinger: Well, let me just first step back and cover the strategy of how we view cash at the bank. The predominance of cash that we have at the bank and that we would like to have at the bank is yield inelastic. In other words, it's sweep balances that clients expect to deploy within a reasonably short period of time into investment vehicles. And therefore, it is highly yield inelastic, and therefore, we're able to capture a fairly meaningful level of spread. To the extent clients are in money market funds as a cash investment strategy, and therefore, are presumably more yield sensitive, I don't think that we would be anxious to move that cash over into a balance sheet-oriented product like at the bank, where our spreads and of course, therefore, our returns, as Joe was just referencing, would be diminished. And so I think our expectation is, and I don't mean to make the answer too complex, but it is a little bit of a complex answer, Brian, that to the extent yield inelastic cash balances were affected by changes in money market regulation, I could envision that money potentially being money we would like to move to the bank. To the extent yield elastic or yield-sensitive cash balances were affected by money market fund regulation, I would not expect that we would want to move that to the bank. So if you get regulatory change that, for example, impacts prime money funds, which seems to be, if we were to get it, and it were to survive all the comments, the debate and maybe even litigation, it would seem most likely that prime money fund assets, at least in our business model, would head toward maybe a [indiscernible] type of money market fund as opposed to the balance sheet.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great. It sounds like obviously you'd do the right thing for the client, and at the same time, you do have quite a bit of flexibility with the balance sheet strategy.
Walter W. Bettinger: We do, and that's exactly right. We're not under a model where we're trying to force clients who are yield-sensitive into a lower-yielding bank product simply because it generates more revenue for us. Again, just like my answer on the advisory solutions, our strategies at the highest level all revolve around what's in the best interest of the client, and we've only utilized the bank as a monetization tool with respect to yield inelastic balances.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: That's great. And then just a follow-up on that, on the net new asset outlook, obviously, the 8% to 10% is the sort of the aspirational goal, and you put up the 6% on those scenario slides. I guess the first question is, are those just scenarios and not your actual view over the next few years? And then secondly, dovetailing into that, if you can give us an update on the 401(k) plan traction, maybe just expand your earlier comments and whether you think that will contribute to net new assets, materially, say, by 2013 or 2014.
Walter W. Bettinger: So let me take the second one first on the 401(k). I don't know that we're, at this point, going to say that it will be materially contributing by '13 or '14, although it is possible. It's so early; it's a little hard to tell. And again, we're only in the market right now with our mutual fund version of Schwab Index Advantage. The ETF version will be coming out, and there's a lot of demand that we are hearing from sponsors for the ETF version. A lot saying, I love this concept, I'm really interested, I think it's brilliant the way that you figured out how to handle things like fractional shares and address the, I would say, not realistic concerns around intraday trading with our ability to deal with free-riding issues. They are very interested, but they want to wait until we have the ETF version. So it's just a little hard to say, but I do think, in time, without putting a time constraint around it, it will have a meaningful impact in terms of our net new assets. And now that I've answered the second one first...
Joseph R. Martinetto: 6% run rate.
Walter W. Bettinger: So yes, on net new assets, all we tried to do is show you math. We did not give you projections of anything that we believe around execution outcomes. In fact, we tried to clearly exclude those things to just show you math on that projection. Our viewpoint is still that through the cycle, we believe that we will average somewhere between 8% and 10% on net new assets through the cycle. Obviously, this part of the cycle has been a quite lengthy one and still appears to have some unfortunate legs to it. But it was not a -- it's not a projection or an estimate. We just tried to do simple math and make it as easy to understand as possible without us changing a bunch of levers in the different illustrations we showed you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Hopson.
J. Jeffrey Hopson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: In terms of the assets that are moving into the advisory platform, I guess, any change in the pace of that activity? And then in the RIA channel specifically, any kind of at the margin change in asset allocation of where clients and/or RIAs are putting their money?
Walter W. Bettinger: I think then on the retail side, the conversion of assets to advisory is fairly steady. Now you do see periodic pickups when the market does well. And you may see it slow a bit during more difficult market environments. But things have been so volatile, Jeff, for so long, it's really hard to draw parallels between that. So I would categorize it as fairly steady. Now we have seen a bit of a shift in where that money goes. We've had a lot of interest, for example, in Windhaven. I think we included in one of the slides the fairly rapid growth in Windhaven and the success there. So you've had a little bit of a shift in where it goes from an advisory standpoint. But I think the overall rate is fairly steady. Now in the advisory business, asset mixes continue to trend, I'd say, at a modest rate, but a fairly steady rate toward lower expense investment vehicles. So more ETFs, more index-oriented products, more passive management, things along those lines that generate probably less revenue than certainly, I'd say, 10 years ago. That trend is steady. Although again, we're talking big numbers. That's $800-ish billion, $700 billion to $800-ish billion. And so those changes occur fairly modestly over time, but I think it is steady.
J. Jeffrey Hopson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then within those passive products, any change in asset class? Or any change in the velocity, I guess, of activity at all?
Walter W. Bettinger: I don't think we've seen a significant change. I mean, advisors have been -- maybe they've done, I'd say, a fairly good job of getting into the markets and staying in the markets. So their cash weightings tended to go down faster, and they've maybe caught a bit more of the upswing in the market. The only thing I'm hesitant a little bit in saying that is, we've continued to build out our cash solutions for our retail clients, like high-yield checking and things like that. And of course, we don't tend to enroll clients of advisors in that. And so even though retail cash weighting is higher than advisor, I don't know that it's necessarily because their investment cash is higher as opposed to we're just deeper into their cash wallet. But advisors, I think, if I were to look at it on average and over a longer period of time, have done a fairly effective job of ensuring their clients were fully invested and able to catch market upswings.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Harris.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to follow up on the index 401(k). It does sound like you guys are getting good traction there. I'm wondering, though, in your conversations with plan sponsors, what are you guys finding as the biggest objection to really wanting to take your -- with Schwab's plan? I mean, you guys in my mind have clearly a very compelling offering, and just wondering what it is that folks could possibly be objecting to if there is any objection at this point.
Walter W. Bettinger: I think, Chris, what we've seen is, it's not so much an objection. They're just -- it requires a bit of time to understand it because it is so different than what has been the "industry norm" for so long. So most people would say, target funds are better than just giving someone a lineup of 25 funds and saying make your own portfolio, right? I mean, that's probably a fair conclusion. But they're not near as attractive as if you can have customized advice for every person, takes into account not just age, but risk tolerance, outside assets, spouse or partner situation. All the information a client's willing to share can be built into it. It's just that those kind of things haven't been available at a reasonable enough price point to make them practical for broad swatches of the population in general. So I mean, that's an example. What we have found is that the sales cycle is longer than traditional marketing of these type of solutions because you are, in effect, educating an entire committee about something that is vastly different. But what we haven't seen is after they've gone through that education, people say, "Well, this doesn't make sense." What we've seen them say is, "Why wouldn't I do this? Lower risk for me as a fiduciary, lower cost for my participants who are self-directed, lower cost for my participants who want professional help and that professional help is more customized, why wouldn't I do this, what am I missing?"
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, yes, that makes sense. And then in IBS, I know it's still really early days for you guys, but do you have anything that you guys could share with us as to like how that offering is being accepted right now or how it's being received or maybe any kind of data in and around how those early branches have been performing?
Walter W. Bettinger: Well, we just have a very small sample set, right, because of where we've been opened. But I think the early sample set, without giving away too much metric because it'd be almost describing 1 or 2 branches, right? And that might be uncomfortable for our franchise partners there. So the early results are very strong results in a matter of months that may have been anticipated to take an entire year. So we're very encouraged with what is happening with the franchise we have out. Now again, in fairness, we are being very careful and selective as we put our pioneers into these positions. So we're not signing up people that we don't have great confidence will be quite successful. The Schwab model is very unique and different. When you speak to someone who may have been in the business for, say, 10 years and has built up, pick a number, $25 million in assets, it sounds on initial blush to them, how could I do $10 million of net new assets a year when I've taken 10 years to do $25 million? But of course, with our brand and our product set and solutions and our penetrations, that number is, we think, quite attainable, and I think the results will show that and are already showing that. But there is a process by which a candidate needs to realize that they're not playing the same game they were playing before. This is a whole new ball game when you're a franchise with Schwab.
Richard Fowler: Okay, I'm going to stop us there. We've gone a couple of minutes over, so probably from me talking too much at the beginning. So thanks, everybody, for your time today. We appreciate it. One quick administrative note. We still have an issue with e-mailing out of our server here, so we're going to post the slides on the IR side as quickly as possible for those of you who want them. So we'll get those up as quick as we can. That'd be the best place to get them within the next hour or so. So again, thanks for your time. We appreciate it. And we'll get together again in 3 months. Take care.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-03 08:24:03) =====
Executives: Rich Fowler  Senior Vice President Investor Relations Chelsea de St. Paer  Vice President Investor Relations Walt Bettinger  President and Chief Executive Officer Joe Martinetto  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Andy Gill  Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer John Clendening  Executive Vice President Shared Strategic Services Jim McCool  Executive Vice President Institutional Services Bernard Clark  Executive Vice President Advisor Services Steve Anderson  Senior Vice President Retirement Plan Services
Analysts: Howard Chen  Credit Suisse Gaston Ceron  Morningstar, Inc. Michael Carrier  Deutsche Bank Securities
Rich Fowler: Okay. I think were going to get started. Well, good morning, everyone. I am Rich Fowler, the newly podium-less and, therefore, noteless head of IR for Schwab. And those of you who know me, I know what youre thinking. Youre thinking every time Ive been here for years, Rich uses notes. Can he do this? Should he do this? Is his brain going to freeze? And, frankly, Im kind of curious about that myself. So lets see what happens. So, again, welcome to everyone here in the room and on the webcast, to the Schwab Winter Business Update. We certainly appreciate the effort to make the time today, particularly for the folks whove had to travel out here to be in the room, out here on the West or as we call it the Correct Coast. Were relieved that weve got another nice day for you out here, what I would call a top-down day, although I have to admit that even for me, it was chilly enough on the way in this morning to where I was reminded to appreciate that we live in a civilization that is capable of producing heated car seats. So, again, a good start to the day. Lets tuck in to what were going to talk about. I think as is pretty well understood by now, we run these business updates as a way of keeping the investment community up to speed on managements perspectives and priorities as the environment evolves. I think its pretty fair to say that weve had a lot of dialog recently in some more sort of external input as it were of thinking around how to deal with what we call lower for longer. And in a fortuitous confluence of events, thats exactly what were going to talk about today. So, I expect that you will hear about today and, hopefully, well have a lot of interaction around as executive managements thinking around how we drive the company forward, how do we drive ahead in a year like 2012 with this notion of lower for longer as part of the environmental picture. Lets turn to the agenda. Walt, as usual, is going to start us off. Professor Martinetto will then walk us through the financial picture. Andy Gill, who has been in front of the group before, is going to spend some time with us, giving an overview of whats going on in investor services. John Clendening, who has not been in front of the group before, will then walk us through a deeper dive on advisory services at Schwab, something that we havent had a chance to do with this group, and we thought the time had come just to drill down in that a little bit more and help build a greater understanding of whats going on there. Then, after the break, Jim McCool, who you all know well, is going to talk about whats going on on the institutional services side. And then, Steve Anderson, a newbie for the group, but certainly not to Schwab, is going to walk us through the Schwab Index Advantage, the new index based on 401(k) plan that we just launched in January. So thats the lineup for today. We should spend a couple of minutes on administrative stuff before I get out of the way. Forward-looking statement, while the words, fundamentally, as always, we do our best to share our thinking with you guys as of this moment in time, including expectations for the future. Things will change over time. Please stay up with our disclosures including our filings, obviously the business updates. You may even want to talk to IR once in a while. And Im, of course, as disheveled and hopeless as ever, but fortune has smiled upon me in terms of having some great VPs. The prior one, Mike Candice [ph] is here with us. And of course Chelsea de St. Paer is the current VP of IR. So you dont want to talk to me, certainly, on Chelsea down. So, lets see. Silent cell phones please. Refreshments are in the back. Please help yourselves whenever you care to. Restrooms are out the back and to the left. Im sorry about my voice, the tail-end of cold. And Q&A, the last thing. For Q&A, just for the folks on the webcast can here questions, we do have mike runners. So when you get called on, if you please just wait for the mike to get to you. We ask folks do maybe a question and a follow-on and were work our way around the room. And we will take questions on the webcast. I think theres a box on the console, Ask a Question and Chelsea will collect those and share them through the course of the sessions. Finally, if you get bumped off the webcast or something happens, the ever popular dial-in, 800-871-6752, conference ID, 43603292. So, again, 800-871-6752, conference ID, 43603292. That takes care of the administrative stuff. Im going to get out of the way and Im going to ask Walt to come up and start us off.
Walt Bettinger: Good morning. Its a great crowd here this morning. Im sure it has nothing to do with a weekend of sunshine and mid-60s here in San Francisco. Hopefully, some of you will travel, have a chance to stay the weekend and enjoy. I have to admit. When Rich said lower for longer, its the first time Ive ever heard him say that without a string of four-letter words prior to lower for longer. But I think thats probably a fair assessment. You may have noticed when we put the agenda up that Andy Gill is going to speak today with all of you. Up until Friday, Ben Brigeman is going to be here and speak about investor services. Ben has an issue with one of his shoulders and he was scheduled for a medical procedure actually scheduled tomorrow at the Cleveland Clinic, near where Ben lives. But he was under so much duress with it last week that they actually moved it to Wednesday, which wouldve been yesterday, and there was no way for him to fly from Cleveland to get here in time to make the presentation. So, Andy is going to ahead and present along with John. I also wanted to share with you what Ben would have shared with you if Ben had been here today, but its fallen to me because of his inability to do so. Ben is going to be leaving Schwab later this year. This is something that Ben and I had been working on for over a year. He and I have worked together for almost 16 years. We have a very, very close business relationship. As many of you know, Ben has done a wonderful job for us. He has traveled extensively over the last 15 years and certainly the last five, in which case, that five years is the longest tenure of any individual leader in our retail business since I joined Schwab back in the mid-90s. But his family in Ohio and all of the issues that go along with that, Ben has made the decision to leave the firm later this year. Hell be staying on for a number of months as we go much further into 2012, assisting us with the transition. As we had built and planned, Andy Gill and John Clendening will be overseeing the investor services area. Of course, Andy has been chief operating officer. John already has been overseeing many of the areas that are part of investor services, like our advertising, marketing, things along those lines. So we expect a very, very smooth and positive transition. And, again, Ben will be staying around for a number of months assisting us in this process. I also wanted to mention and address an issue that Im sure youve seen in the press in the last 24 hours. And that is the FINRA filing with respect to some wording in our account agreement. We have enormous respect for our regulators and we certainly do for FINRA. What we have is just a fundamental disagreement between, Id say, two reasonable parties about the interpretation of the Supreme Courts ruling in AT&T Mobility and whether that is precedent or whether FINRA has precedent over that Supreme Court ruling. And so, there is a process by which we resolve disputes between a regulated entity and its regulator and were under way in that process with Federal Court to determine the best way to resolve the dispute between us and the regulators. What I think is very important to emphasize is that, this is an issue between us and regulators, not Schwab and clients. And were particularly sensitive to the fact that we dont want any smaller clients to feel that theyre under some obstruction or barrier to being able to file arbitration claim if they feel that they have a viable arbitration claim if weve made a mistake or something along those lines. So, until we get this issue resolved between FINRA and Schwab, were going to reimburse the arbitration filing fee for any client who chooses to file arbitration, no matter how large or small their claim might be. But we just want to make sure that no investors, particularly small ones, while we work out this issue with FINRA, feel like theres any barrier to getting appropriate restitution in the event that they feel thats warranted. So let me go ahead and get under way, talk a little bit about 2011 before Ill transition to 2012. 2011 as everyone is aware is a very, very difficult environment, exceptionally volatile. And yet, during that environment, we continued to invest in our business building the business, building the earnings power. Well go into more detail around that throughout the year. Our emphasis right now is primarily around the things that we can control. Thats things like non-interest bearing revenue diversification, continue to build that, staying consistent in our client-oriented strategies, because they continue to work and making sure that we keep that long-term focus in terms of earnings power with a confidence that we will be able to deliver that to our shareholders as environments over time eventually improve. Taking a look at 2011, you can see some of the metrics. We continue to grow whether it was brokerage accounts, new assets. The core up, a little bit over $80 billion, 145 total, but that does include a large clearing amount, which we always like to break out for you, because the revenue on it is much smaller. Our client asset is approaching $1.7 billion at the end of the year. I think the last one is the one that we are most pleased about and that is hitting a record-client promoter score in our retail business, which, of course, is around 2/3 of the firms revenue and 2/3 of the firms earnings, hitting a record in December of 2011. And then, just the last point, emphasizing the ongoing organic growth within the franchise since the beginning of the crisis, over $300 billion in net new money. Thats more than all of our publicly-traded competitors reported numbers added together. In terms of financial, Joe, of course, will cover more details. But I just wanted to touch on these highlighted numbers. Revenue up 10%. Income was up actually about 11% or 12% from 2010 depending on whether you make adjustment for charges. I know it was 90% on a reported basis because of significant charges we had related to litigation settlement in the prior year. But 11% or 12% is the realistic growth in terms of core earnings year-over-year. Again, faster growth on the bottom line even in this environment, even with the investments we made, faster growth than we grew revenue. Margin is around 30%. And we made a significant investment in projects in 2011. And you could see that manifested in the introduction throughout 2011 of a lot of new services and capabilities, a few more coming out in the 12. Weve tried to set up today with a number of folks here to talk about the implementation of many of those new capabilities. $180 billion, that was the largest project amount that we had spent going all the way back into the Internet period. From a planning standpoint, just to add a little context around 2011. When we were sitting here a year ago and in making those significant investments, it was a much more favorable environment. As we know, the tenure was 100 to 125 basis points higher than it is today. Of course, the tenure is as close to proxy for what we make in gross yield in terms of our NIM. Its not complex math to say that things like Operation Twist and the issues in the Euro zone took 100 to 120 basis points off the tenure and with a $100 billion plus balance sheet, you can see the amount of impact that that made to what would have been our revenue here in 2012 and to a great extent, to earnings. But we did decide to scale back that project spending a bit in 12. I think well go into a little bit more details. Itll be closer to $140 million this year, as we made a series of expense moves to maintain flat core expenses from 2011 into 2012. The last point I just want to make on this slide is, we spent a lot of time talking about interest rates and the implications. We do not need interest rates to go up to deliver strong improving results. We simply need interest rates to stop going down, because we have this organic growth, we have the new assets coming in. We have client converting in significant numbers into higher revenue solutions like fee-based programs. Our advisor business continues to grow. So we just showed that six quarter period that many of you are aware of from early 10 to mid 11, when rates stayed relatively flat, and we grew revenues 22% and operating income 77%. So, one of the things Ive asked of all the speakers throughout today is that we make the stage and no spin zone. And part of being a no spin zone is, its a really difficult environment. I have been out in the field for probably 3/4 of 2012 talking with clients and with our front line employees. Ill leave 6 oclock tomorrow morning to go back out in the field and spend the better part of the next two weeks talking with clients and our front line representatives. And the environment is not a great environment. Difficult from an investor standpoint, and thats notwithstanding, of course, the strong January where we know the markets were up 3% or 4%. Lack of confidence. You can see the chart here, a fairly significant fall, and are you better off than a year ago, 44% the end of 10, 26% the end of 11. Confidence and ability to make decisions on the far right makes for a difficult environment, particularly for trading and self-directed investors, as confidence continues to fall. It potentially offers some benefits in our advisory base solutions and helps our RIA business, but a tough market, particularly for self-directed investors. So, in that, where we tried to maintain all of our focus on is execution, executing on our strategies and our operating priorities, our five consistent items that weve talked about with you for a number of years  diversified clients acquisition, win-win monetization; of course, by that, we mean its good for the client and good for Schwab and, therefore, shareholders; long-term client retention, expense discipline and effective capital management. Ill put most of comments around the first three. Ill probably touch a little bit on the last two. So, these are key efforts set up for 2012 and a lot of times, in our beginning year analyst meeting  Ill cover this in a bit of depth  we actually thought it would be more effective today to have many of these covered in an even deeper extent than I would go through. And thats why we have Andy and John and Jim and Steve here to cover these. You can see them broken out among our priorities  acquisition, monetization, monetization retention. I do just want to touch on the independent branch services because I dont think were doing a specific presentation on that. Were still on target for somewhere around 12 to 15 locations open by the end of 12. We have three signed franchisees right now, a couple of others that are almost complete. The interest in this is a bit overwhelming. We have over 1,700 applications for this program. And what weve chosen to do is be very, very careful about the people that we bring to our independent branch system. There wouldve been, of course, an opportunity to make it grow much, much faster given the level of interest. But we think particularly in these early couple of years of this program, its important that we get people that we have absolute 100% confidence. Not only it will carry our culture and our client first orientation, but also will deliver great results; net new assets, building of this independent location. So that is on track. But we are being very, very diligent in terms of the extent to which well allow that to grow, despite the level of interest. Also, Ill add that the interest is coming as it was and we discussed in our last time together from a diverse audience. About half of the individuals expressing interest here are coming from the independent branch world and the other half coming from full service world, people who are possibly independent RIAs today, and beside they want to be part of the Schwab brand. Its a quite diverse population of people expressing interest in that program. Most of the other ones on here we will talk at a fair amount in depth. So I will hold off on stealing anyones thunder. And I know, as I mentioned, Steve is here specifically to talk about Schwab Index Advantage that many of you have asked about and have interest in. The early reception to that in the market place, to steal the word I used earlier, I would also have to categorize as overwhelming interest on the part of employers and sponsors. We clearly recognize the near-term importance around earnings and thats why we make the difficult trade-off decisions. Thats why we grew revenue in 2011 faster than expenses despite the challenging world that were in. Its why we made the tough decisions in 2012 to hold our core expenses flat within our franchise, despite the fact that that meant making cuts and other reductions. We didnt make a big to-do about it. We didnt brand it. We just went out and did it, which is what the management team at Schwab does. We dealt with the issues so we could maintain flat expenses. The same time, what were really doing is building for the long run. People that own our stock and invest in our company are taking a long-term perspective. We recognize that and thats exactly what we do from a management standpoint. Were looking to build earnings power in this business for the long haul to reward those long-term shareholders. And this is just another version of a slide weve shared with you in the past. We track our operating earnings and then we track what would be our earnings based on the second quarter 2008 market environment. I think it was about a 2% fed. You can see, I guess, we have up there the 1370 S&P average during that quarter and earnings trailing right around or just below  or tracking high 30s to $0.40 under that type of environment. It took a hit, of course, in Q4 because trading was down, investable assets were down. So, revenue we made on market based equity assets was down. And we also had in there some option to express integration charges and the premium amortization that Joe will talk at length about. But the core earnings being built that eventually will be exposed from net interest margin, you can see it continued to grow, from $0.19 to $0.24 in only two quarters. So, the earnings power of the company grows. The part in the blue line, of course, were confident well come back as we now come off another drop in rates and, hopefully, an environment that seems a little bit more flat. Expense discipline is what makes it work for us, particularly in this type of an environment, and we remain committed to that. This is a consistent chart that weve showed you over the years as we manage the business in an efficient way to take advantage of the scale to where we can grow revenue faster than we grow expenses. So, I guess, just a couple of summary comments to make. We feel very good about our operating strategies. And it continued to work, bring in new clients, clients moving up into higher revenue based solutions that are in their best interest, continue to be very disciplined around our investing while building this base, cognizant of near-term results, and looking every quarter to prove to our owners that management is going to deliver the results that they expect as the environment improves. So we continue to presumably earn the right for the long-term perspective by making disciplined near-term decisions. And, again, I think to summarize there within our focus on the long-term. Let me stop there and left some time available for Q&A from the audience. And we want mikes, is that right, for  okay. Do you want people to identify themselves for questions, Rich?
Rich Fowler: Sure.
Walt Bettinger: Okay. And Chelsea, you have something from the Web that you may. Okay.
Jeff: In terms of the 401(k) business, are we at a point, I guess, where the numbers are big enough to actually move the needle in terms of net new assets and in terms of the breakaway brokers youve described that is a long-term process? But, with the recent changes in commission rate, et cetera, any change in the movement of those assets?
Walt Bettinger: On the 401(k) side, just to put a little more context on it, we not completely but to a great extent slowed our marketing and sales effort over the last year and a half while we invested a significant amount of time and energy in building the Schwab Index Advantage. So, we have paid the price, I guess, you could argue, in terms of our recent metrics in net new assets because of that. I would expect by the second half of this year you would start to see some building impact in terms of net new assets from the efforts around Schwab Index Advantage. Now, bear in mind that a lot of the early converters are going to be existing Schwab clients moving to that program. So it may not show up in net new assets, but the revenue that we capture per dollar of client assets goes up in the area doubled. So we expect to have revenue improvement that may not show up in the net new asset part as the initial grouping of many, many clients were talking with begins to convert. I think second half of 2012 to maybe see some NNA impact. And then we feel very confident well move into 13 and 14 that it has potential to have an impact that is measurable. With respect to breakaway brokers, again, that is, as we have said for a number of years, a long-term trend. We continue to see them looking at going independent. Again, I just want to segment the brokers whod go independent. I would categorize them into three groups. There are very, very small brokers who go independent. And although we look to serve some of those, we look to serve them within an economic model that makes sense for us. There is second population that looks to go independent and is not really ready to cut the entire cord from being commissioned. So they may want to retain a fairly significant commission waiting, 50% or 75%. That is not a segment that we spend a lot of energy targeting. We tend to target the third segment, which tend to be larger breakaways, usually teams of at least two or more. And theyre committed to going, principally, if not, entirely fee. Thats really the part we go after. So theres three different types of populations who break away. And our emphasis is generally on the third segment.
Howard Chen  Credit Suisse: Walt, Howard Chen from Credit Suisse. Walt, the company has been over the last couple of years (inaudible) and Schwab has been the preeminent asset gatherer within the United States. But that growth has slowed down certainly a bit. So I guess...
Walt Bettinger: As a percentage.
Howard Chen  Credit Suisse: As a percentage.
Walt Bettinger: Yeah.
Howard Chen  Credit Suisse: So, as you and the team kind of look out, do you still feel the vast majority of that is still disimbalanced between money market and bank rates? Is there less money in motion? Are you hitting the law of large numbers? We just love an update from your thinking and all that.
Walt Bettinger: Sure. I think theres a couple of things going on. Theres definitely the impact of rates. I think weve shared that if you track our net new assets historically against yield spreads between money market funds and bank deposit rates, theres a high correlation  consumers making irrational decision to move cash to us if a money market yielded more than if they were to leave it in their bank, where often they receive their wealth from a sale of a house or a sale of a business or a bonus at work, something like that. Thats definitely hurt us. I think theres another issue that we have executed on, is we have done a fair amount of de-risking within our business. And by de-risking, I mean we have stepped away a fairly large number of relationships that didnt make sense for us, whether itd be on the advisor side of the business or even on the retail side. We have made a lot of efforts to address an area where we didnt feel that we were happy with the business model. And this is around the holding of alternative investments. So I would argue that theres two issues, and you mentioned growth. Theres the issue of growth in net new assets, but theres the real issue, which I think owners want to pay for, and that is growth with respect to revenue and earnings. And when we analyze the assets that were not capturing and the Roca [ph] underneath those, or assets that weve actually invited out the door and the Roca [ph] or revenue on those and compared to the revenue that we make on the assets we are capturing, I think our strategy is working. Now, I can go out and generate a lot more NNA. Thats not very difficult to do. But Im not interested in NNA. We think we want to capture NNA that has strong revenue and earnings behind. NNA is the easiest thing to go out and capture in our business, particularly if you serve folks in the RIA side. So I think our growth rates are sound with respect to the environment. Theyre not as high as a percent of some. But were pursuing a very different strategy. We have a strategy that emphasizes the revenue on the assets, not simply the assets themselves.
Howard Chen  Credit Suisse: Thanks, Walt. And my follow-up. On the theme of just controlling what you can control, you all have done a great job of kind of re-engineering the expense base and the profile for low interest rates. But I get the question a lot about money market reform. I know theres still a very broad of outcomes. We just love your latest thinking on it.
Walt Bettinger: The interesting thing is, our money fund complex continues to grow. And in some ways, that creates frustration around the waivers. Why are the waiver is still at the level theyre at? Why dont the waivers start to shrink? Youve had a little bit of tick up in LIBOR, although most of that are scenarios where were not really investing much in money funds. But money funds continue to grow. I mean, consumers want money funds. They need a need for them. The other thing we have to look at is that, although were waiving significant amounts of fees and money funds, $600 billion or $600 billion plus, were still bringing in a significant amount of revenue in that business. And so, its not that its an unprofitable business. Its that its less profitable than it would otherwise be. With respect to reform, theres a lot of proposals out there. But all along, weve been saying that we felt eventually there would be under some of the more  even under some of the more, let me call them, aggressive or draconian measures, there would be carve-outs for things like treasuries or agency paper, maybe munis, paper that is very short-term, seven days and under. And in our communications, because weve done research with our clients, if we were to get a VNAV or we were to get an overly burdensome level of capital requirement against money funds, we would convert our money funds to guvy Treasury. And our clients have indicated that thats fine. I suppose you could argue the worst thing that could come out of that over time would be that that yield spread between bank deposit rates and, say, a guvy Treasury, money fund versus a prime, you might get a smaller spread and it could have some effect on NNA over time. Although, to do that, to believe that, youd have to also believe that bank deposit rates wont also stay depressed. I happen to think that bank deposit rates will stay depressed if money fund yields are lower than they were in the past because more funds have moved away from prime and gone guvy Treasury. So I think were prepared for what would happen. If the capital requirements recently talked about are put in place, the capital for us would be very, very modest if we chose to go that way or, again, as alternative, we might simply convert the fund. So I think we have optionality around that that we feel very confident in our ability to continue to have that product for our clients and continue to make significant money on it and, of course, in an improving environment, make an awful lot of money managing money funds.
Gaston Ceron  Morningstar, Inc.: Hi, Gaston Ceron with Morningstar.
Walt Bettinger: Hi, Gus.
Gaston Ceron  Morningstar, Inc.: Just reengaging a little bit with the Schwab story this year. So, forgive me if this has been kind of covered in previous meetings. But I wonder if you could help me understand a little bit more about where you see the distribution of the overall revenue pie. My understanding had been that the company, for many years, have been sort of de-emphasizing, for lack of a better word, the trading side and kind of putting a lot of its eggs in the asset side. And obviously in the last 12 months or so with the optionsXpress move, youve tilted a little bit more to that side. Do you want more exposure trading in a long term or are you at the right place? Whats the right balance?
Walt Bettinger: Thats a great question, Gus. The reason why trading is important for us is because our clients who tend to trade a lot are also our most affluent clients. And this is where I think some of the confusion gets in around strategies. Were not really pursuing trading to try to be number one in darts or number one in dats or something like that. Were pursuing trading to the extent it is a product or service that our valuable, affluent, who tend to be our most profitable clients, are looking for from us, because if we dont provide it to them, theyre going  the risk exists that they will move that money to someone else. So weve put a lot of emphasis in there. Our most valuable clients, we categorize it into retail side. We categorize as active investors. They have, on average, about $750,000 with us. Not only are they our largest traders. Interestingly enough, theyre our largest buyers of one-source mutual funds. Theyre the largest client grouping as a percent in terms of who do their mortgage through Schwab Bank. When we offer the credit card, they were the largest users of our credit card. They are people who are highly engaged with their money, but also highly engaged with Schwab. And so thats really the impetus behind our efforts to continue to invest in and enhance our trading capabilities, whether itd be on the derivative side with optionsXpress. I think, this morning, Andy is going to give a little more detail on some of the things that have been teed up at our last meeting around our global investing capabilities. Thats really whats behind it. Its meeting the needs of our client as opposed to trying to be number one in darts with a large number of small value accounts. Oh, yes, Chelsea.
Chelsea de St. Paer: Hi, this is from the Web. Can you speak to retail engagement in January? How was that holding up?
Walt Bettinger: I think its fairly consistent with what I shared around the way sentiment was in late 2010. Id say pretty tough from a client engagement standpoint in January. We know the markets went up but you dont get swings in retail client sentiment as fast as how a market moves within a four-week period. So I would categorize sentiment in January as still fairly consistent with the end of 10, lacking in confidence.
Chelsea de St. Paer: Could you provide any early feedback or results on how the first independent branch is going?
Walt Bettinger: Yeah, although I dont know that I would draw any conclusions from one branch. But the first branch is well ahead of plan with respect to net new assets, prospects. They had a fairly small practice that converted over with Mary. But shes well ahead of plan, which is exactly what we expect in one from our early pioneers in that program. Other questions?
Michael Carrier  Deutsche Bank Securities: Thanks, Mike Carrier at Deutsche Bank. Just getting on the topic that you mentioned from the start in terms of managing for lower or for longer. If we look over the past few years, the balance sheet growth has been pretty impressive or pretty strong. A lot of that has been driven by the clients. But when you look at it from a capital standpoint, your options around the cash flow thats being generated given where the stock is, buybacks, you can grow the balance sheet, and then probably, more importantly, just given this regulatory environment, going with a new regulator, when you look at your capital ratios, how confident are you, especially if the balance sheet just continues to grow?
Walt Bettinger: Sure. I think we feel very comfortable with our cap ratios. Joe is going to go into a lot more detail. We voluntarily participated in very stringent stress test, which I think Joes going to cover details on. I dont think any of us view that the change in regulator to the OCC is likely to have impact from a negative standpoint within our capital. Mike, the first thing you might have been getting at was we make that conscious decision of what do you do with capital. Do you keep growing the balance sheet, whether itd be client directed or actually us doing transfers of money to the bank? Or do we use it to buy back stock given where the stock is? So we try to make that as a very conscious decision on an ongoing basis as to where we think the greatest long-term value is going to come. Of late, we have moved some money from, without getting too complex around the capital issues; weve moved some money from the broker reserve portfolio where, of course, our yields are very, very low, low double-digits to the bank. It has a very minimal impact to us from a capital standpoint only, delta is between balance sheet and bank, and yet you pick up significant incremental NIM in the process. But we try to make a very conscious decision with respect to what were going to do with that capital all the time. Do you continue to fund client balances moving onto the balance sheet or should we use it to buy back stock?
Michael Carrier  Deutsche Bank Securities: Thanks. And then maybe just on the expense side. Im sure well get to this in a little later. The flat expenses year-over-year, I think, relative to the past makes a lot of sense just given the environment. If things do get more challenging, are there is that you can pull back if need be despite still bringing in the assets and organically growing like try not to make even to that.
Walt Bettinger: There are probably opportunities, but there are fewer and fewer opportunities the longer this has gone on. For those of you who followed the stock closely since, say, 08, we have taken a fairly substantial amount of expense out of the company and you get  I wont say were all the way to the point because theres always opportunities to be even more diligent, more stringent and find expenses. But those opportunities are getting smaller and smaller without cutting in to the client implication. So I think what weve resisted is decisions along the lines of saying when we answer the phone on average in 21 seconds and we could create an extra penny of earnings in 2012 if we let that go to 29. Those are the decisions that we have resisted making because were not really sure that that extra $0.01 of earnings in a period in which our stock price seems to be somewhat disconnected from its long term potential is worth impacting the client experience in the long-term organic growth on the franchise. Those are the kind of decisions I think that youll look at given the extent to which weve reduced expenses over the last four or five years. But we continue to look at it and well always do so throughout, no matter how long this four-letter lower or longer it is.
Michael Carrier  Deutsche Bank Securities: Could you maybe just talk a little bit about how you think about ETFs and theyre long term impact on the OneSource franchise?
Walt Bettinger: Sure. To date, ETFs have not been cannibalizing our OneSource growth. We continued to have success with OneSource, although in fairness, a lot of the OneSource growth occurs within some of our advised wrap-based programs. And of course, thats really the strategy for ETFs. We didnt come out with very low cost ETFs with zero trading commission because we thought were going to make a lot of money in selling pure ETFs to traders and investors. We did it because we wanted to expose retail traditional investors to the benefits of ETFs and help them become educated so that we could utilize them inside advisory wrap-based programs like Schwab Managed Portfolios, ETF and Windhaven. So that was the strategy behind the ETFs and I think its worked quite well given the growth that weve had in those two product lines. So I think we may have  I think in Johns presentation, hes going to talk some more detail about the growth in those products particularly in Windhaven. So thats really the strategy there. Were not seeing cannibalization at any measurable level of OneSource as a result of ETFs. In fact, I recently met with a number of the CEOs from some of our OneSource partners and the ones who are delivering quality results for investors are continuing to get flows from us on a regular and consistent basis.
Michael Carrier  Deutsche Bank Securities: Well, I just had a follow-up. Maybe in a little off the wall question. Just over the course of last year, particularly late in the year, you had a lot of questions in financial services about the viability of wholesale funded institutions, big dealers. And then tons it looks like your stock and your stories penalized by all the excess liquidity that you have. So Im just curious from your point of view, do you see any way to kind of bridge that gap longer-term to kind of take advantage of that value that you have in all that liquidity? Is there something else that maybe can be done that were not thinking about?
Walt Bettinger: My guess is were all thinking about it. As you would expect, look at on a regular and ongoing basis, all types of alternatives that might exist around the size of our balance sheet, our ability to continue to grow it organically, as well as the fact that we still have, unlike some of the other competing firms, we still $160 billion in money market funds that under the right scenario could potentially head toward a balance sheet that has exceptionally low funding cost associated with it. So we look at those things as  Im sure you would want us to and expect us to  on a regular and ongoing basis. Now, in fairness, the environment is very different than what the environment was when some deals in the past were struck. And you also have to look at it, I think, very carefully, not just from a financial engineering standpoint. You have to make sure that anything that you would look at would make strategic sense, too, because as we all know, earnings generated through financial engineering in one environment tend to disappear like dust in the wind in a different environment. So, anything that we look at has to make sense strategically, not simply in the short-term might create some financial engineering upside. But were looking at those things constantly all the time and having conversations about them all the time.
Unidentified Participant: Just a quick follow-up on the cannibalization question. How do you know that the ETFs and other funds arent cannibalizing your proprietary funds in the OneSource?
Walt Bettinger: We look at the origin of the flow into the ETF where the money was before. You could argue. If the money was sitting in cash and went into an ETF, theres some potential it might have otherwise gone to OneSource. But I think what the question youre specifically getting at is, Are people selling OneSource funds to buy ETFs? And thats not the case. Theyre not doing that so we look at where the money originated before it went into the ETF. Actually, a lot of the money thats gone in ETFs are proprietary ETFs is new money to the firm.
Unidentified Participant: And then second question related to the bank. Do you target an ROE for the bank? And I guess how important is it to you to hit that kind of target without sacrificing profitability on the other side of the business?
Walt Bettinger: We do target an ROE for the company, overall. Id say more than just pure focus on the bank, because, again, for us, the bank is principally a tool from which to monetize yield in elastic sweep balances. Its not something in and of itself. Its a monetization entity for us to a great extent. So we look at ROE at the firm, overall. Now, we do, again, try to take the long term perspective because as you get, at some point down the road into an improved environment, the ROE of the company is so high as it has been in the past in better environments. The ROE is so high, we just want to be really careful not to be overly short-sighted about the fact that in the term its not maybe at the level that we would ordinarily like. Its still, I think, very respectable where we are today but it just gets so high in an improving environment. We just want to be careful not to shortchange that upside. Theres another question here from...
Unidentified Participant: Could you just walk through your different businesses and talk about any areas where youre seeing fee pressure of any kind whether its in the mutual fund side or on the ROE side?
Walt Bettinger: Yes. So, on the retail side, Ill just go through the primary business points. On the retail side, were not seeing a lot of price pressure. There are a couple things that go on in the retail business. There are published prices and then there are discounted prices. And there is, Id say, a reasonable amount of discounting going on, on trade commission pricing that is off the published price. So, although you dont see sort of a visible price for going on, theres a lot that goes on behind the scenes in terms of one off, hundred off, thousands off discounting. So, you see a bit of that there. Were not seeing pressure around other revenue sources like one source fees, things along those lines. One the ROIA side, theres been a long term trend over the last 10 years in which the revenue per dollar on client assets is going down as advisors have moved more and more toward beta-oriented type of products away from so much active management. And so youve seen that. And, of course, every time in retail you have to lower pricing from a competitive standpoint. You end up lowering the pricing for the clients of ROIA despite the fact you probably dont have price sensitivity there. But weve been largely able to stabilize that in the last few years. Now, in fairness the ROIA business takes a bit of a hit from the money market waivers thats just proportionate because their clients arent on the bank. Were very careful to keep those clients largely out of the bank because ROIAs move money in huge volumes at once. And it can create a lot of complexities from a capital management standpoint but they have taken a bit of a hit from the money fund but weve been able to largely stabilize that revenue in the last few years but, you know, it is definitely down significantly from where it was 10 years ago. And I can envision that being a continuing challenge. I think Ive talked in the past that in the ROIA business you have to find we think for the future new additional ways to deliver great services to our ROIA clients and their end-clients that generate revenue whether itd be through pledged asset loans or other types of enhanced capabilities. Surely making money on trading and a little bit on cash could be challenged out into the future. The 401(k) industry continues to have downward price pressure as theres greater understanding of the fees delivered to participants or 85% of the assets in that industry are an actively-managed funds and the majority of those are in retail price actively managed funds. So theres continuing pressure but I would say behind a fair amount of that. And once Steve talks about Schwab Index advantage hopefully youll see that were putting even more and more pressure on that. At the same time those cost are going down, our strategy actually grows our revenue in that business as oppose to going the other way. We have time for one more question if theres one more here from Justine [ph].
Justine: Im just wondering when you do your pulse of customers, whats the biggest reason they buy ETFs? Are they focused on fees, focus on tracking air? And second of all, does brand matter at all at that point? Have you been successful to sell Schwab ETFs with no previous brand in it?
Walt Bettinger: Yes. I think cost in a confidence that they understand the product is probably the big issues behind the growth in ETFs. And with respect to brand, our strategy, when we roll them out was, as I mentioned, the big strategy was around awareness so that we could offer them an advisory wrap [ph] solutions. Our secondary strategy was we were and I think are remain the largest custodian of retail investors holding ETFs. I dont remember exactly how much  Im fairly sure its over $100 billion in ETFs. We felt that with the exception of the flows that were probably headed toward Vanguard, we could convert virtually all the rest of the flows into Schwab. Now, I exclude from that the ETFs that are the more exotic, the high leverage ones, which we, of course, chose not to build Schwab versions of. And thats exactly what weve done. If you look at the flows in the ETF asset classes, where we built Schwab product, all the net positive flows end up between Schwab and Vanguard. And we have effectively taken all of the other ETF managers to either flat to negative flows in all the asset classes we offer Schwab product. Its not a lot of revenue but 10 is better than 0 basis points, I guess, is the best way to put it. All right. Im going to go ahead and turn it over to Joe. Thanks again so much for being here. Ill be around through at least the first break if there are other questions that you want to talk about. Thanks again for being here today. Great to see all of you. Thanks.
Presentation:
Joe Martinetto: Thanks, Walt. So, Ill add my thanks to everybody elses for folks taking the time to travel out here and be here in the room in person. Or for the folks that are attending on the webcast. So, thanks for investing your valuable time in hearing a little bit more about the story. So, for those of you whove been on the road, I wanted to be able to give you a weather upcast or forecast given that it is Groundhog Day. But I hear theres some confusion between which groundhog is predicting which outcome for weather going forward. And given our conservative nature here about making forecast that we arent really too convince were going to be able to deliver on, Im not going to be able to do that. I can tell though that Ive got great confidence that I know Rich Fowler saw the shadow of a hedge fund manager this morning. So, I know were in for at least six more weeks of volatility. You can take that one to the bank. While were talking about volatility, yet again, Im up here talking about trying to adapt the business model in the face of an economic environment that continues to evolve. And so, we are making changes in terms of how we think about the choices that we make in terms of managing the company, along with the things that we see in terms of our opportunities going forward. Walts talked a little bit and youre going to hear it through the course of the day about some of the great opportunities that we see in front of us. And we want to be able to continue to make appropriate investment to drive the business forward while also acknowledging that we have some pressures here in the near term and weve got to balance our spending with our ability to deliver appropriate returns here in the short run. So, Im hoping, in the course of the conversation, that youll get a sense not only of the decisions that were making. But also a bit of what were thinking in the background as were making those decisions so youll have some context for how were thinking about moving the business forward. Lets step back into 2011 here for a minute because its important context. As we came in and set up last, the planning environment, we were hoping for a period of relative stability. We had talked about looking at treasury rates that were relatively flat for the year in a 6.5% market appreciation. And for the first half of the year, the markets largely cooperated. Second half of the year was a different story. We saw that S&P drop on average about five percentage points over the second half of the year. The decline from June to December knocked about $85 billion off of our clients asset portfolios. On top of that, as Walt already mentioned, we went from 10-year of about 3.5% and within a reasonable range of that in the first half, to end the year at a 188 basis points. So, clearly, a little different environment that what we projected as we set up our planning scenario. In the face of that, we still managed to hit our financial commitments or come pretty darn close. We talked about, in that flattish environment for interest rates and markets, targeting a 10% revenue growth on 8% expense growth. What we delivered, stripping out some of the non-recurring items, 9% revenue growth on 6% expense growth. So, knowing that we were falling a little short on revenues as we moved in to the second half of the year, we were able to keep some control on expenses to do a little bit better there. And actually, in total, were a little bit better on net income than we would have predicted even for a better environment. So, we hit our commitments. Well, we are in a period of pressure here in the near term as we face whats going on in the economic environment. And we do have some challenges in terms of making those trade-offs. Ill spend a little bit more time talking about how these trade-offs will work, but again, its a balancing act here of reducing projects, spending a little bit while continuing to make investments that we think are important to drive the business forward. Youre going to hear things from Steve Anderson about the 401(k) business and the investments were making in the new 401(k) model. Things like that are not only important for driving growth, they cost money to deliver. And I think you all understand that. But to be able to continue to make that investment, we have to maintain a reasonable level of project spending. So what were talking about is about a 20% decline year over year or a little bit more than that. So were coming off some of last year's  some level of spending, and were bringing it down, but not anywhere near the level that we cut it to back earlier in the crisis. So were pretty confident that weve got the balance right there. And then Walt talked a little bit about the challenges that we were facing and how were approaching the core operating expenses, and Ill talk a little bit more about that as we move forward as well. As we try to break 2012 down in a little bit more detail, interest rates of course are probably peoples first set of questions here, so lets take that on right upfront, dont have a lot new to talk about in terms of impacts of net interest margin from this environment. So we talked in the fall about seeing a net interest margin settle in around 160 basis points as we move through the year. If we saw the tenure treasury stayed relatively flat around 2%. And were still looking at that kind of an outcome, and thats the environment that we experience. We talked also about what happens if rates start to fall a little bit. So if we saw a tenure move down to 175 and stayed there, were still thinking that the net interest margin would trend gradually down toward 140 basis points. Now that 160 as weve talked about in the past, theres a couple of different factors that are running through that number. We got there pretty much on average in the fourth quarter because we experienced a large amount of pre-payments in our investment portfolios, and those pre-payments led to advancing amortizations with some of the premiums on that portfolio. In that activity, if we see pre-payments begin to slow, well start to stabilize in terms of impact on the portfolio. So over time, that impact will be lessening as we move through time, but what will happen is, well be left with the portfolio, then it will be invested at lower average yields. So thats how you move from a period where you take that quick move, but youre able to basically maintain kind of a flattish environment through  or flattish net interest margin through the year. So its driven by changing effects of that premium amortization toward the front end, but a portfolio thats stabilizing more at a yield level as we move to the back end. The declining scenario, we have some accelerated amortization all the way through the year, as well as a bigger impact in terms of portfolio movement on the yield balances. So thats how that number comes together. Now, theres a lot of assumptions embedded in making a projection on net interest margin. So its not exactly a linear Science here. A lot of it has to do with what goes on in the primary mortgage market versus where rates are in the treasury market and what those spreads are looking like and whether those primary mortgage yields are getting pushed down far enough to spur that pre-payment activity. So its not going to be as easy as saying, we saw few days here where it was down below so were going to start to try to factor that in and take a little bit off of that and its just a little bit more complex than that. So I think these are pretty good guidelines for what we had expect. But theres a little bit of path dependency here that were going to have to try to manage. So Id ask people to just stay in touch with us as we move through the year, and well try to keep people updated on our thinking as this evolves. Walt also talked a little bit about money fund fee waivers. And we did hit a high water mark there of $168 million in the fourth quarter. If rates stayed about where they are, right now, we think that were going to see fund fee waivers stay in about that general area. Again weve seen a little bit of firming in the short end of the curve which should be helpful for trying to manage that fee waiver line. But we also continue to see new cash balances come into the money funds. So when we only focus on the fee waiver, were focusing on that one negative aspect, it may be growing, but the fact that its growing, if its growing because of balances, should mean that were also going to have more residual revenue left at the end of that waiver. So we got to be a little bit careful here about not just focusing on the negative and remembering that if the balances are growing, and thats whats driving the waivers up, thats not necessarily a bad thing because we probably have revenues growing along with it. Its not just about interest rates as we look at 2012. We continue to win in the market place. We brought in $10.5 billion in new assets in December alone, we think were going to be able to approach $100 billion mark from that new assets in the year. Were doing a number of things to try to optimize the earnings potential to the balance sheet. We talk to you in the fall about a movement of around $5 billion of cash balances from the broker to the bank. That was completed here already between the fourth quarter and the first part of January. So that movement is already done. Weve got a few other things that were contemplating that are similar to that. First, weve got about $2 billion of option express cash that were looking to bring onto the balance sheet in the second quarter. And weve already talked about that before. Weve got across a couple of different maneuvers [ph] about $6 billion of additional money that would have been at the broker or is already at the broker that will land at the bank over the course of the year. So, that split across a couple of different activities. One part of that is driven by an additional bulk transfer that we would expect to occur about Q3, early Q3 at this point. And thats about half of that $6 billion. The other half is changing some features on accounts. So, for people that would have automatically been defaulted to brokerage cash, were going to change that feature to new accounts that open and the money that comes in with those new accounts, now defaults to the bank. And thats about another $3 billion and thats going to triple in over the course of the year starting in Q2 as we make those changes to account agreements. But in total, itll end about $6 billion of extra balances at the bank that would have been at the broker if we hadnt made these changes by the end of the year. Were also doing a number of things in the lending front. So, youre going to hear more in detail from some of my colleagues as they come up around our transition to quick in loans and the impact on mortgage origination. The infrastructure improvements that were making to support the Powell lending program, the launch of a new advisor direct lending program, which is in pilot at this point. So weve got a number of things to try to put a little bit of help under the yield side of the balance sheet as well. Well talk about the success we continue to have in bringing in people into our advice offers. And John Clendening is going to spend a whole session talking about the wealth and products that we have and the financial impacts of that. But its also important in terms of driving revenue growth as we look forward in 2012. On the expense side, I think weve talked a little bit about the project cuts that were looking at. The numbers are here. Were going down from about 180 last year to 140 this year. Were also asking our business heads to absorb all of the increases that come from volume related increases and expenses inside of their existing run rate. So, how do they that? We have on-going expectations around people being able to deliver more and more efficiency, year-over-year. We dont spend a lot of time generally talking about the money that we invest and being able to deliver those kinds of efficiencies because, frankly, its not really exciting stuff. So, we dont generally break that out and talk to you about it. But we generally have projects. And a significant amount of our project is spending goals to driving that efficiency. And thats how were able to deliver those kinds of savings year-after-year and how were going to be able to deliver it again as we look into 2012. So while the low-hanging fruit is pretty well gone at this point, I wouldnt say that the well is dry, if I try not to make some metaphors there. There are always opportunities to find some additional expense savings. We just have to look a little harder and work a little harder of getting it. But we continue to make that one of our key priorities as we move forward. We bring this altogether in an environment that, again, same planning scenario weve talked about now for a number of years, 6.5% market depreciation because thats about average, although we never seem to actually get the average. Flat interest rates and darts up pretty significantly 20% year-over-year. But Id remind people thats because were including the impacts of optionsXpress in the forecast going forward. Wed expect to be able to see revenues up 8%, on expense growth at 6% and maintain the 30% profit margin a little better than that. I dont have to spend a lot of time on the environment where rates are going up. I think everybody here that follows along with the story can probably recite the various metrics as well as I can. Ill leave it with saying that if rates go up, the impact on revenues and profits are significant and immediate. Finally, I talked a little bit about the net interest margin case of moving down to 140 basis points and the treasury drops to 175. We didnt put the scenario on the page, but in that scenario, we would expect to see revenue runs slow to single digits. And, of course, we have to evaluate whats the appropriate level of spending against that kind of an environment. Moving on quickly to the balance sheet, there shouldnt be a lot of surprises here. Our total assets do continue to grow driven by increases in client cash balances both at the bank and at the broker. Weve got very little reliance on external funding. Our capital ratios remain very strong. As Walt said, Im going to get into a little bit more detail on the capital ratios here. We did run a couple of other alternative scenarios. So these are not exactly the ones that were specified by the Fed. Weve talked about this in the past. Were a thrift holding company. We werent required to participate in the stress test process. Were doing this voluntarily. We ran a couple of other scenarios so we ran a sustained downturn scenario which would be typified by negative GDP growth for a period, rising unemployment, significantly declining home prices. So a pretty significant declining kind of economic environment. We also ran a stagflation scenario where inflation starts to get ahead of itself here. The Fed is forced to go in and act, starts raising interest rates, chokes off growth. Unemployment again starts to move up. So weve passed those scenarios through our various models. The results for the tier-one leverage are shown on the chart. Now, the chart, green means above 6% or our internal target. Yellow means that were above 5% but below 6%. Red would be falling below 5% and this is for scenarios where we dont anticipate raising any additional capital. So, in all of the cases, were pretty comfortable. Were staying above regulatory minimums while in the one scenario, the sustained downturn, we do drop below our internal targets, but stay above 5%. Now, I think pretty much everybody in the audience knows the regulations around holding companies also include a number of other risk-adjusted measures. We didnt bother to put those on the chart because were so high on the risk-adjusted measures, everythings green and its just not interesting. The tier-one common number that the Fed has also recently picked up, thats a risk-adjusted number. So that 5% number that they talk about, we also stay well above that in all of these scenarios. So, again, very confident in the capital base that were running at today. So if were so comfortable with our capital, why did we go out and raise preferred? Try to hit off a question here. For a couple of reasons, one is, it gives us a little extra buffer on that tier-one leverage ratio. $400 million of preferred gives us just under 40 basis points of incremental tier-one leverage and that gives us some flexibility. If we see the balance sheet change in a way that we didnt anticipate, weve got opportunities to be able to accommodate it and weve got the flexibility already built in to the balance sheet. Second, its helpful from a financial perspective. If you take that $400 million and contribute it down to the bank as capital, at a 7.5% leverage ratio, it can support a little over $5 billion of assets. Those $5 billion at a 130 basis points of incremental spread to the broker dealer turns into about $40 million of after tax income. If you compare the $40 million to the $28 million of dividends were paying, you can see that its helpful to earnings. So thats the basic math. Now, Ive got to issue a little bit of a caveat. Clearly, the capital is already on board. Some of the balance movements are going to take the course of the year to get in effect. So its probably not going to be a material driver of earnings this year, but by the time we get to 2013, the impact will be fully embedded in the run rate. A quick move to credit and I feel fortunate that we dont have to spend more than a minute or so on credit. We dont really have a lot new here to share with people. Weve talked about our exposures in the money funds to some of the areas that people are most sensitive to and we dont have a lot to update there. Nothings changed. We didnt go out and buy a lot of paper that would cause us to have additional disclosures. So good news there. Credit statistics in the bank lending portfolio remained incredibly stable. So, again, we have really good results there and appropriate reserves against the balances in the portfolio. So it seems to be my lot in life or maybe just my lot as a CFO to stand up here and talk about making adjustments in the face of challenging economic environments. I seem to say something like this pretty much every year. But thats exactly where we find ourselves and exactly what were doing. We are making those tradeoffs to try to make sure that were investing appropriately versus the growth we see, preserving the client service levels so that we dont do anything that damages our ability to grow that franchise growing forward. Well also managing against the near term pressures. Weve seen as Walt was referencing, in a period of time of relative stability where the basic model works. It delivers. We dont need rates to go up, we just need them to stabilize the core earning power of the franchise begins to turn into revenue growth and earnings growth. And thats largely what were expecting as we absorb these near term pressure this most recent move in interest rates and well start to move back out of that as we move to the back half of the year and start to see improving financials from our  in earnings perspective. So, Ill open it up for to questions. Lets get the mics out.
Unidentified Participant: Joe, could you tell us how you think about interest rate risk as far as how it affects the balance sheet whether or not what your targets are as far as duration on the asset side and how you think about matching?
Joe Martinetto: Yes, we talked about this. We still target around a two-year duration on the bank portfolio. Our challenge of late has been with the pre-payments coming in weve actually been seeing that portfolio shorten up because of the high degree of pre-payments bringing cash in. So it shortened up the assets that are on the balance sheet as well as thrown more cash at us more quickly. So, in the past, Ive talked about trying to buy 45% fix, 55% floating as a way of maintaining that duration of late. Weve been trying to buy more in the way of fixed assets not to move the duration of the portfolio out as much as to get back out to the target duration on the balance sheet. So, again, its not that our philosophy around risk management or our targets have changed as much as it is. Were just having to make some tactical adjustments in the portfolio management to try to keep ourselves in sync with the targets weve already set.
Unidentified Participant: And is there any duration on the liability side? Is that a factor in any way?
Joe Martinetto: It does. It absolutely does. We take a chunk of the asset duration part of the lending books so I only, generally talk about the investment portfolio because the piece people want to look at but there are also some duration assets inside of the loan book. So we will take all of the arms that are produced, the three ones, the five ones, the seven ones. Were also taking the jumbo 15 year product thats produced at this point. So, it looks a lot like some of the same types of CMOs that were buying in the market, its got a little bit better yield spread on it. So, we do take some duration also in the asset book so its the combination of the lending book plus the investment book that gives us the duration that offsets what we seen in the liability structure. The liability structure, I guess Id sum if off, many of you I think probably also cover banks as well as brokers. We look at the interest-bearing sweep [ph] balances as moving about like you would expect to see in interest checking account. So, its got a relatively long duration to it in a relatively insensitive kind of re-pricing structure. So, it does give us an opportunity to push a little bit further out the curve to be able to put some duration on the asset side to offset the duration that we believe weve got on the liabitlity side. Thats part of the reason that the bank exist to be honest with you. The broker is forced into a couple of things. Money that sits at the broker that isnt lent, the clients goes into a reserve portfolio for the benefit of the clients and youre only allowed to invest it in U.S. Government Securities, domestic bank deposits or repo back by those instruments. Youre also forced into mark to market accounting and thats probably the bigger impediment because its really hard to take duration at the broker dealer because once youre in mark to market land, youre going to swinging your income around. So, by moving some of the money over to the bank it gives us an opportunity not to just take advantage of a broader universe of investment selection but also to better match that duration characteristic that we believe see in the liabilities.
Unidentified Participant: Thank you.
Joe Martinetto: Chris?
Chris [ph]: Thanks a lot. Joe, could you comment at all about the impact potentially of harp to on your portfolio, what percentage of your securities, I believe its somewhat low, would be impacted that, in terms of acceleration or pre-payment. And any differential in the yield versus for those securities relative to the rest of the portfolio?
Joe Martinetto: Yes. So, its the good news for us as a lot of the growth in balance sheet has occurred in later times. So, we dont have as big of a percentage of pre-2009 as we have post-2009 papers. So, a lot of the impact of part two wont be as severe on our portfolios. Maybe on a more a typical portfolio. Im sorry, whats the second half of the question?
Chris [ph]: Im just wondering if its a small percentage though, is it there a meaningful differential between the yield on those securities relative to the rest of the portfolio?
Joe Martinetto: Because again, its largely come in in large lumps in the past couple of years, I think the piece that isnt a subject harp two really is the bulk of the portfolios to the yields that are embedded that you see are largely the yields imbedded on those assets.
Unidentified Participant: Hey, Joe. Could you just give us a broad update on your transition to the Feds?
Joe Martinetto: Our transition to the Feds is going well. We were a little different animal than what they normally see. So, I think theres learning going on on both sides as were trying to bring them up to speed in the businesses we run, how we view them, how we run them, how we control them. Thats really important from their perspective. Participating in the stress test exercise voluntarily is a way of continuing to further some of that dialogue. So, I dont think anything has come up thats been particularly surprising or alarming at this point, but were still working on building that baseline of understanding. They have largely completed a lot of their discovery reviews and now theyre starting into their more normal cycle of examination. So, were moving forward in that process but really nothing material to report on that front. With respect to Basel 3, thats still a bit of an evolving picture. So, the liquidity requirements, we were actually, we believe today fully compliant with fully phased in Basel 3 liquidity measures. Thats largely because of the type of balance sheet we run. We have a very large investment portfolio both at the bank and at the broker. Significant liquidity already available and thats not really a challenge for us in the near term. And quite frankly, Id love to see loan generation get to a point where it actually did become a challenge. But were ways off from having to make changes of the business model to continue to meet those ratios. From a capital perspective, I think were probably still a little cautious. I mean, we havent seen yet the final proposal of rule-making as to how the Fed is intending to implement their version of Basel 3. We keep hearing rumors that its going to come out. I think the last version we heard was late Q1. So, were in a little bit of wait and see, I think, along with others. We continue to have that pressure point and dynamic of trying to watch that leverage ratio because I think we believe the Fed is going to continue to view that as one of their core measures while being well in excess of anything on a risk adjusted basis. So, were trying to walk that fine line of negotiating a number that we think is consistent with our risk profile, consistent with regulatory standards, but not carrying a lot of excess capital that we cant adequately deploy on a return on.
Unidentified Participant: Thats great. And my follow-up, just a helpful update of NIM. I just want to confirm a couple of things. One, that 160 does that incorporate the additional transfers that you spoke of throughout the year?
Joe Martinetto: Yes.
Unidentified Participant: And then two and three, could you provide a sensitivity if these pre-payments stay elevated around this 25% to 30% and what that might mean for the NIM.
Joe Martinetto: Well, I think to stay elevated, we would probably have to see continued movements down in treasuries because youre going to have see a continued movement down thats going to spark additional pre-payment activity. So, its a little inconsistent to say, Treasuries are going to flatten out and were going to see pre-payments at this level. I dont think thats how the structure is going to work. So, we do expect that were going to see relatively higher pre-payments in the first half of the year as we continue to process through that boomlet that came with the most recent move down as a result of Operation Twist. But we also believe that as we get to the second half of the year, if rates stabilize that pre-payment activity will also stabilize. So, thats how you get to the 160. The 140 is more of the case where we do see rates continue to move down. We continue to see elevated pre-payments. That continues to force us not only to pull some of that premium forward, but more money into the market at lower and lower rates.
Unidentified Participant: Makes sense. And then the final one. To Walts point about just cautious retail engagement, what are you kind of thinking in terms of margin, balance growth, and utilization for that NIM?
Joe Martinetto: You know, thats  we talked about this before, margin is really an optimism product. So when times when markets are better, and retail engagement is higher, well talk about greed versus fear, all right? Thats the dynamic. People see opportunities in the market, and theyre willing to borrow money to take advantage of them. And when we got period of pretty extreme volatility like what weve come through, its harder for retail investors to get that sense of confidence that they want to be in the market in a leveraged kind of way. So margin, unless theyre stabilized, right around that $10 billion kind of level, and theyre still sitting there. I expect if we get to a period of relative stability and a healthy level of valuation in the market, that well start to see them take back up again. I think we need some period of sustained consistent kind of returns that isnt characterized by the kind of volatility we saw in the second half of last year. Not a lot of material picked up the margin.
Unidentified Participant: Could you just reconcile for me the year-over-year flat expenses with that slide that showed the 6% up expenses, is that 6% match the flat including options expressed? Is that...
Joe Martinetto: Yes, its overlaying options expressed on top of flat Schwab.
Unidentified Participant: So 6% reported flat including (inaudible)?
Joe Martinetto: Well, flat Schwab prior to options expressed, 6% including options expressed, and that will be the reported.
Unidentified Participant: Okay.
Unidentified Participant: Questions on the line product, and I wasnt  I wasnt following Schwab when you guys had the credit card portfolio, but why wouldnt you  you know, have credit cards because I would obviously help them a lot and further engage your clients if youre doing it with inside of your clients, and then also just other line products, you know, it seems that you have all these banks that are really struggling and you guys have your clients love you, they want to be more engaged, why wouldnt you invest a little bit more maybe on your line of credit, credit cards and stuff like that?
Joe Martinetto: Yes, so were not making investments in lending products and trying to broaden this into things that we know. We are comfortable being a secured lender. And thats where the bulk of our experience is. Theres always a trade off, trade off in expenses, theres also tradeoffs in terms of how you structure your balance sheet and how much capital youre going to hold against that, and the kinds of returns you expect to earn. Were able to operate the bank at a very low efficiency ratio because we dont do a lot of things that arent part of the way we view the business. We have fairly low credit charge offs, which again allows us to produce superior returns in the face of maybe a lower net interest margin that wed have if we took on some riskier products. So were trying to balance that credit exposure versus what the return dynamic looks like. Credit cards in particular is, you know, credit card is a scaled business, its really controlled by a few players, and its very hard to jump into that market and be able to compete effectively against people who have some massive investments in scale. So thats one where I think we look at it and say from a payments perspective, we may find a way to offer a product like that down the road, but I wouldnt expect us to carry that portfolio or build that business internally. Its just  you know, its too hard to break in this far behind the scale curve. I think Chelsea got one from the Web.
Chelsea de St. Paer: Two-part question, what are the considerations you think about when deciding between issuing common preferred or debt from new capital. And then on the recent preferred, how did you take into account return on capital when evaluating that capital raise?
Joe Martinetto: The different forms of capital served different purposes. Debt is long terms liquidity, it gives you operating flexibility, but it doesnt help your regulatory capital ratios. If youre looking for flexibility in your regulatory capital ratios, you have to move into things that count as equity in that regulatory scheme. And thats basically common equity. And you know, we hope and believe preferreds are still going to qualify. We did a pretty plain vanilla deal with some degree of comfort, but we also put a regulatory call in it just in case for some reason, its not deemed to be good capital. But you have a limited number of choices at this point in things that count as capital from a regulatory perspective. So when we were looking at trying to build a little extra flexibility in case we did see some movements on the balance sheet, we were limited in terms of looking at preferreds and common as opposed to considering debt. So now, youre down into basically a cost in return kind of trade off. And that 7% preferred is a relatively lower cost form of capital that we wanted to be able to lock in at point in time that we think the rates in near historic close and that were not going to regret having that capital for a substantial period of time. Common equity, if you just do the basic math, it ends up being a higher cost form of capital. So, in essence, its a way to put a little bit of leverage inside of that common equity without resorting to debt financing, which doesnt help the capital ratios. So, thats the basic trade-offs that were evaluating as we were thinking through preferred versus debt at this point in time. Thank you.
Unidentified Participant: Hi. Just a more peculiar question, the security or health maturity balance line, thats  and again, forgive me if youve mentioned this in previous updates, but that seem to have healthy fair study. What can we kind of expect going forward whether  which is available for sale?
Joe Martinetto: I would expect at this point that its going to move basically in line with the overall size in the balance sheet of the bank. So, as the bank grows, that takes a chunk of the investment security portfolio. Again, weve got  because we have such a large investment portfolio, weve got a tremendous amount of liquidity and weve got the intention and the capability to hold a significant amount of those assets to maturity. So, we take advantage of  to hold the maturity classification for that core chunk of the portfolio. There are some shorter-dated papers that we use and think of more in terms of the liquidity management context, and that tends to be what falls into the available for sale portfolio. But those core long-term holdings tend to be held, and they hold the maturity portfolio. Closer to the mic here.
Unidentified Participant: Hi. Whats the 10-year and yield youre seeing on the incremental agencies are adding to the investment portfolio right now?
Joe Martinetto: Yes. Im looking at the bill right now just to make sure Im entirely current because our markets are moving around. So. Im sorry I cant hear you up here. So, 135 and 120 on average, does that include the mix and fix in floating? So, if the fix rate paper is going to be still up in the high twos and the average maturity  the average that lies on that, four years? Okay. Justin [ph]?
Justin [ph]: On your preferred offering, I believe you originally filed to do closer to 700 million. I believe the price is 400 million and the trade-off ended up at 103. Should we expect to issue some more later in the year? And why didnt you do close to 700?
Joe Martinetto: We didnt file for a size. We were trying to take advantage of a point in the market where were seeing a couple of deals get done and were trying to come in at the back with some of that momentum. We would have taken a little bit more size if we could have found it at the price. I think we ran in to a little resistance because were not a frequent issuer in that market. Were trying to get in and out of the market in a day at the price. We got pushed back a little bit and took what was available at the right price point. So, were happy with the 400. We saw an adequate capital and were still looking at the opportunities. Its hard to say whether were doing more or not. Were a little bit opportunistic in terms of thinking about that market. Chelsea, you have another?
Chelsea de St. Paer: Could you explain how you can get to the 8% revenue growth? We understand that option expresses part of it and darts are up, but what else factors into that specially given the 10-year currently trading less than 2%?
Joe Martinetto: Yes. So, again, you hit the bottom and that interest margin here pretty fast, if you can hold on to 160 basis points. So the growth that were able to drive in the client balance is, of course, the year actually helps as we move forward as earning assets improve. Were also getting help in the asset management fee line. So, to the extent that were able to move people into more advisory services, the advice component of that asset management, fee line also contributes to the growth. The darts are up 20%. So if you put it all together, thats where you get to that 8% revenue growth. But its a little bit of help from all of the line items as we move forward. Oh, another one.
Chelsea de St. Paer: How are you thinking about capital management in 2012 in terms of buy-back, repurchase possibility?
Joe Martinetto: Yeah. At this point, Id say its still too early to commit to any kind of buyback that were not generating a lot of excess capital. Our expectations for growth at the bank would have us deploying the bulk of the capital that we expect to generate to continue to support the growth in the balance sheet overall. So, maintaining that 6% leverage ratio with a little bit of buffer is really the primary objective for capital management today. Were not to the point yet where were generating excess capital that were thinking about being able to repurchase substantial amounts of capital. So, unless we can get some clarity out of the regulations that allow us to look at those targets and approach them a little bit differently, thats the answer for now. Okay. Another one? You should call (inaudible) sooner, you wouldnt have to do them all in a row.
Chelsea de St. Paer: Can you provide us with some thoughts on where we stand with the regulators on being a SIFI, systemically important financial institution?
Joe Martinetto: So theres not really anything I can provide in the way of update. We are not captured in the reg. We have not been notified that they intend to look at us as a SIFI. The guidance that they provided in terms of some of the statistical measures doesnt look like we trip them. So we dont have any reason to believe that were high on their radar screen for classification as a SIFI at this point in time. Mike?
Michael Carrier  Deutsche Bank Securities: Just maybe one follow-up on that last question on the capital. Yeah, maybe if we look at 2013, because 2012, it seems like youve got the transfers going on. You got a lot in terms of capital use. But in an environment where, say, that tenure is at 2%, the balance sheet, it starts to come down and take maybe 5% growth, in that environment when you look at the cash flow that you are pushing off, could you envision potentially doing buybacks, obviously, if you get the regulatory approval? But if the balance sheet is not growing and youre still putting off the  you guys will?
Joe Martinetto: Yeah. If the balance sheet growth slows to that kind of a range, we could absolutely envision it. And nothing has changed philosophically around our intent to manage capital for the benefit of our shareholders. If weve got excess were generating, well look to return it. Now, again, weve had the conversation with many of you. Well debate whats the right form of return. So should we look at buyback? Should we look at enhanced dividends? How does the market compare those things? Whats the tax structure at the point in time? So well debate all of those things actively. But the core belief that we should return excess capital to shareholders, if were generating it, well do it.
Michael Carrier  Deutsche Bank Securities: And then maybe just a follow-up on that because it seems like over the past two years, the transfers every once in a while they come up and theres another 4 billion or 5 billion that you can transfer over. Not just you guys, the whole industry. But when you think about where that money is coming from or what could take place in the future, how do we think about that? Meaning is it after these transfers is that most of which can be brought on or is it just as the cash continues to grow, as the client balances growth, then theres more opportunities to come in.
Joe Martinetto: Yeah. Youre probably not going to find this to be a completely satisfying answer. But we are pretty well executed against the core strategy that we set out years ago. So, clients with less than $500,000 in household assets, their sweep option is one of the balance sheet products as opposed to a sweep fund. And so the sweep fund movement over to the bank is largely completed. Weve got some things that were doing around optimizing the broker versus bank split and thats what youre seeing and that could go on in small sizes over time. But that core strategy that we laid out years ago is pretty close to complete. So if we didnt change that or if the environment didnt change in a way that forced us to change that, then you would expect to see that the balance growth would probably move more in line with what we see in terms of client acquisition. That said, if we see money fund reform that makes it more valuable to hold more money on the balance sheet as opposed to in the form of a money fund or if we decide that for whatever reason we want to make choices to try to change where weve drawn those lines and moving more balances, we still could see substantial balances move over time. But its going to be a balancing act of what are we hearing from clients, whats going on in the environment, what do we have the capacity to process. So Im not going to be able to give you a hardened, fast answer that says, All of the money funds will move on to the balance sheet or None of it will move on to the balance sheet. The fact of the matter is, over time, were going to continue to look at the environment and try to optimize as best we can.
Unidentified Participant: Joe, just a follow-up on a different topic. Any places that you see where value propositions can be tweaked or places as we look out in 2012 where you might have been waiving fees to kind of attract new business that are now coming off just an update on some of those broad initiatives will be helpful.
Joe Martinetto: I might just defer that question because theres a whole bunch of that commentary in a number of peoples presentations that are already coming up. So, if we dont get there, you can call me on the conclusion but I think youre going to see a fair amount of that topic covered over the course of the next couple hours. Chelsea, I think we got time for one more so lets see it.
Chelsea de St. Paer: How can we think about net interest margin longer term if rates are near zero in the late 2014 the way the Feds commentary?
Joe Martinetto: Yes. We havent produced those numbers for public consumptions. So, generally, I would expect that we would see some ongoing continuing pressure but its going to slow pretty dramatically the same way that we did see when we saw the new stabilized more in that three and a half kind of area. We saw the changes in the net interest margin stabilize to the point where the growth in the balances were more than offsetting that impact. So, generally, Id say that well follow a path thats fairly similar to that but at this point, were not ready to put out a number for 2014, that interest margin, okay? So with that, I think lets get  send everybody to break. Its about 10:10 now. Lets plan on being back about 10:25. Thank you.
Presentation:
Andrew Gill: Lets go ahead and get started here. I hate to cut short a break. Great. Well, Im Andy Gill and Im excited today to talk to you about the Investor Services business. What I hope to provide is a little bit of context around 2011. The significant investments we made in the client and how those will help propel our growth for 2012, the additional investments were going to make in 2012 and how we are delivering growth in spite of a low interest rate environment. So lets go ahead and get started. Just as a review. And I think many of you already know this. Our retail investor enterprise is about 6 million brokerage accounts, 661,000 bank accounts, about 700 billion in assets. We have 305 branches across the country and we represent approximately 68% of our overall revenue and 67% of overall firm pre-tax profits. So I promised a little bit of context around 2011. We had a pretty significant year of delivering business growth. Assets, 25 billion and net new assets up 90%. That includes 7.3 billion from optionsXpress, which obviously is a one-time event. Revenue up 12% to 3.1 billion, almost 3.2 billion. That includes four months of optionsXpress results and pre-tax profit of 928, 29% margin up 19%. And again, that includes four months of optionsXpress. Obviously, well have a full year of those results in 12. Whats important behind the numbers, and I want to talk a little bit about, is the client highlights that we delivered and the initiatives that we deliver, which we think are significant and will help us propel growth for 2012. First, we added 160,000 new households delivered through our advertising, delivered through referrals from our current clients and delivered from our acquisition delivery out in the branches. And importantly, and John is going to speak a lot about this next. So, Im not going to cover much of it. But I think its an important context, its 16% of all of our assets are now enrolled in a fee-based advice solution. And thats significant if you think about that 10 years ago, we had zero. So, tremendous growth in terms of fee-based advice. And I think it ties to a little bit of what Walt was talking about earlier around clients confidence coming down, clients looking for Schwab to have a point of view, clients looking for Schwab to provide help and guidance. We maintain the highest level of client promoter scores that weve reached. So, Walt talked about that in December we hit 38 in our client promoter scores. Thats significant because our client referring new business to us is one of the ways that we grow, one of the ways that contributed to that 160,000 households last year. And we continue to reduce client attrition among those clients with more than 250,000. Remember these are the clients that are working with our financial consultants in the branch. And weve reduced that attrition to below 4%. We also had significant investments and really building out leading capabilities for your clients. We launched StreetSmart Edge, our new active trader platform. Im going to talk a little bit more about that later in the presentation. We completed the acquisition of optionsXpress September 1st and we are excited to bring the innovation that that group has built, the simple, yet really powerful tools for derivative traders. And we introduced an integrated brokerage and bank experience on the iPhone, iPad and Android. Well talk a little bit about how thats been received and some of the significant growth we see there. And we enhanced our acquisition capabilities. We launched a brand new prospect experience on Schwab.com. We also introduced peer-to-peer ratings and well go in a little bit more detail on that. So, lets dig in to 2012. Walt talk about, Joe talked about that we made significant investments in 2010 and 2011 around building some leading capabilities. For the investor services, well continue to invest in building out those leading capabilities in 2012, but well also turn our attention to building awareness and adoption of the significant investments weve made over the last two years. Well talk  at length around our active trader platform, our global platform, our derivatives business. Well talk about how were taking that deep knowledge of our clients and translating that into solutions that they need today, that theyre telling us they want today. Well also talk a little bit about how were going to work on that building awareness and delivering adoption of those key capabilities. The results of it thought is we expect significant growth in 2012. Total assets, our plan is 9% growth there. Assets in advised up 8% and Roca [ph] of 5% but its not just about the numbers. Its about engaging clients. And one of the areas we will be working extensively this year and Im actually going to read to you because its pretty key to the way were operating the investor services business is positioning Schwab as the best choice for investors seeking a firm with a listen-first approach who understands their individual needs. And John and I are going to be talking about the different ways were going to bring that awareness to our clients and activate the solutions that we have developed over the last couple of years and that we are developing this year. We believe that focusing on that will also bring third party validation things like J.D. Power, recognition of our self-interactive business, things like the Barrons active trader best in class. And then improving ratings in broad publications like Smart Money or Kiplinger. And also on mobile, its easy to see how youre doing because theres stars on the platform that tell you how clients like the apps that theyre downloading. So, I want to move our focus now to the investments were going to make in 2012. I want to talk about three key areas where were making investments, where we believe clients have said they have significant needs that theyre looking for Schwab to deliver against. The first is technology platforms. The second is client engagement and third are acquisition-driven growth. So lets talk about those. Ben and I have both talked to you in the past around a goal we set to become best in class in active trader. And that we define that as best in class as really focusing on five key capabilities; domestic equity trading, global equity trading, foreign exchange options and futures and its not just focusing on those capabilities to attract traders. As Walt said, these tend to be our most affluent clients. They tend to be our most engaged clients. And often their needs, their expressed desires become the foundation to allow us to provide more capabilities to our core clients. So, think of them as sort of the leading edge and capabilities that we can provide to all of our investor services clients. I want to dig in a little bit more in the next couple page but we invested in three areas; the trading experience, options and futures and global investing and foreign exchange. And we believe we created meeting capabilities in each of those key areas. Lets dig right in. So, on StreetSmart Edge, this is our software-based platform that is an update, completely new build but allows us to compete across all of the different competitors that focus on active traders but were not standing still here. Weve had tremendous adoption on StreetSmart Edge about 67,000 downloads already and feedback has been fantastic. We launched in February. We had four additional releases throughout the year and well continue to release new enhancements on that throughout 2012 but were not just focusing on the software platform. Well also be piloting StreetSmart Edge in the cloud for our Mac users. When we started development on StreetSmart Edge, it was predominantly a PC-based client base but we also look across the way and see that the Mac platform is growing and we wouldnt be able to serve those clients. Were enhancing our Web training experience on schwab.com later in second quarter and youll see a pretty significant increase in the information that were able to deliver for clients right at the point of decision. Were continuing to invest in efforts to be able to tell the story, to build awareness and to reach out to those affluent active traders that are really driving growth. One of the other key areas we identified was the derivatives business. And here as we talked about in the past, we made a decision that options express had optionsXpress had built tremendous capabilities that fit very well with what our clients needed. And so, on September 1st, we completed the acquisition of optionsXpress and we begin very quickly to work on integration. Within the first 90 days, we delivered the ability for Schwab clients to see Options Express account in schwab.com along with their other accounts. We made it easy for them to open up a new account. And in first quarter, well enhance the ability for a client to instantly move money from their Schwab account to their Options Express account. So, starting to build those linkages. Later in the year  Joe talked about the sweep move of sweep cash at Options Express to the Schwab bank. And then later in the year, well be looking to bring some of the incredibly innovative tools that Options Express has built for clients to make derivative trading simple. And well be bringing those to clients. Its no surprise that were focused on the Options business. Their eight exchanges, soon to be 10. Theyve created wonderful new products for retail clients. Spreads have tightened up. And thats created a market that is growing 18% compound annual growth rate since December 08. We want to take advantage of that growth and our clients want to take advantage of that growth in ways that help them make the best decisions. And thats where we feel like the Options Express business really has the potential to help drive that growth. But theyre not standing still. Later this year, well see on the Options Express platform enhancements that help people pick a strategy based on their point of view on the market, bullish or bearish. So, theyre not standing still in the innovation. Theyre continuing to deliver for the Options Express today and well benefit on the Schwab side  the Schwab clients will benefit from that innovation as we integrate the two capabilities. The derivatives trader, part of the reason we focus on them  and Walt talked a little bit about this. But let me just give you some additional context. Six x as much revenue per household as our average investor services client. Five x, the number of trades annually and three times the number of statement equity. So, they are a very profitable client. They are a very important client. They are very engaged client. The other area we focused on in terms of technology platforms was the global equity trading. We announced earlier this year, in agreement with Broadridge, to be able to provide trading capabilities. And later in the second quarter, well introduce the ability to trade in multi-currency, 12 countries, and eight currencies. But in typical Schwab fashion, we dont want to just give people the ability to trade. We want to give them the information they need to trade successfully. And so, in November, we introduced Schwab Equity Ratings International, which allows our clients to be to see, in addition to the third party research we have, to be able to make better decisions. And so, research and advice, our trading capabilities, and then in the second quarter, well introduce 24 by 7 client service support at the same time we introduce multi-currency trading in those 12 countries. Over the last two years, weve seen an 89% increase in foreign equity trades in the 40 plus countries we trade over the phone today. In addition to a tremendous increase in the number of calls to our global desk. So, global trading really is something that our clients are asking for and were pleased to be able to bring that. In mobile and tablets. We talked a little bit about that at the beginning. Weve seen a tremendous adoption of our iPad, Android and iPhone tab applications. And in addition to adoption, I think what is most impressive is that when clients adopt our platforms, we see a 10 point CPS increase. So, they are becoming more engaged with us and we are increasing the satisfaction that we are able to deliver for those clients. The mobile channel now represents 50% of all the deposit or the checks deposited at Schwab Bank. And thats fantastic. Joe talked a little bit about our ongoing ability to drive cost out of the system. This is one where in clearly meeting a client need, to be able to deposit checks anywhere, anytime, we also were able to re-architect the processes we use to deposit checks. And by the client taking on some of that early responsibility for entering all the information, we actually reduce the cost in the overall process. Well continue to invest in capabilities around mobile. Schwab bill pay will be one of the key areas that we introduce in Q1, that is the most requested feature. And well keep clients up-to-date on what were going to do. In the actual application with whats coming next. So lets talk a little bit about client engagement. One of the things that  in listening to our clients, we realize we needed to help them understand in this prolonged down turn, we needed to help them understand in context where they were in meeting their goals. And so we invested in a series of financial planning tools for our financial consultants to use in conversation with their clients. Things like retirement, college planning, mortgage refinance. These allowed our financial consultants to engage clients, to have a conversation around their goals, and then to make sure that they were in solutions that delivered against those goals. And you can see on the right that when our financial consultants have been able to have those conversations, weve seen a tremendous increase in engagement. We think that over time, well be able to engage more and more of our clients around these financial planning conversations to really give them an idea around where they are. And that combined with what we talked about in the summer, our reporting around how their portfolio is doing and showing them what risk they are taking, give clients more information to know how theyre doing, and what they can do next. In addition to financial planning, in the conversations were having there, clients have been asking us for Schwabs point of view. And so to enable to those conversations with our financial consultants, or our portfolio consultants, the Schwab center for financial research has just launched Schwab viewpoints, a topical way to talk about the things that matter today. (inaudible), what effect does it have on my portfolio today, what action should I be taking given the job, those claims, that last week? Were rolling out the viewpoints specifically to support those client conversations. And give our financial consultants, portfolio consultants the ability to have  those conversations about the market and what it means for clients today. Joe talked a little bit about the bank and about mortgages. Earlier  or lets see, this fall, we announced our partnership with Quicken Loan. And were really excited to be able to partner with Quicken Loans as the J.D. Power leader, and highest in customer satisfaction. Quicken will give our financial consultants confidence to go out and talk about our mortgage products in a way that is consistent with the way Schwab deals with clients. In the past, weve been worried about  when mortgage volume spikes, whether wed be able to really service it in the way that we want to. We feel very confident with Quicken loans that well be able to do that. And then finally, I want to talk about acquisition driven growth. If you look at the  talked to Chuck [ph] advertising over the last few years, we did a very good job of instilling the sense of value that Schwab provides to all clients. We did a very good job of explaining our core offer to clients. And helping them understand what we had. What we want to do now is tilt upstream a bit and focus our advertising in communicating and building awareness among our affluent clients, and our active trader clients around the capabilities that weve invested in for them specifically. And well also be combining that big broad advertising with a series of local efforts to make sure that were bringing in those clients with greater than 200,000. Well also use promotions just as we have this year as part of the marketing mix to be able to get people off of defense, recognizing its a competitive space out there right now. I talked a little bit about the fact that we invested in a brand new public site, schwab.com/phome [ph]. This is a fundamentally different prospect experience where were showing people rather than telling what its like to be a Schwab client. We want to build confidence in their decision to come to Schwab. And one of the best ways that weve seen to do that, is in client speak. This is a peer-to-peer rating that we put on schwab.com where our clients can tell us exactly what they think about our products. Interestingly, prospects who look at client speak are converting at a higher rate than those who dont because its a validation, its not just Schwab telling them about the services, its their peers telling about it. In fact the new site over all, has seen a 12% increase in engagement which is leading to more lead opportunities for our folks in the field and our folks on the phone. So let me wrap up with this. The investor services business has delivered strong growth in 2011, weve invested in capabilities that matter most to our clients, things like our active trader platform, our derivates platform, mobile and tablet. Increasing client engagement through portfolio performance reporting, through financial planning, through Schwabs point of view. And we continue to increase our ability to tell the story on the Web, in mobile and in that. Andy?
Unidentified Participant: Its been awhile since we got an update on you know, the initiative to attract younger customers, I know probably a lot of what you touched on, mobile, the banking and checking stuff, you know, goes down that effort, but I was just hoping for a bit of a fuller update there.
Andrew Gill: Well you hit the key high points. We continue to attract younger investors, thats been a significant part of the growth of the 160,000 households that I talked to you about. And the things that they are responding to, are things like mobile, things like the new website, client speaks is a good example, thats where they like to get information, and things like our Schwab manage portfolios mutual fund, ETF and Windhaven. Were seeing many more of those clients want more help and guidance, want the ability to understand Schwabs point of view, and understand how we can help them make decisions on how to get invested, even things like financial planning, how can, you know, where am I in my plan? How close am I to reaching my goal? We see engagement among our younger investors in our portfolio performance reporting? So once they are invested, how much risk am I taking to get the return Im getting.
Unidentified Participant: My second question, just on the derivative front, can you discuss maybe whats changed post the MF global fall out in terms of both, you know, opportunity or types of questions that youre all, you know, fielding from, from your clients?
Andrew Gill: Well obviously, MF global is in incredibly unfortunate situation for the whole industry. Options expressed has a futurist [ph] business today, clears through R.J. OBrien, so those clients were not impacted. We continue to see very good interest from Schwab clients opening up options expressed to clients  or options expressed accounts, and wanting to trade futures, as well as continued growth in the options expressed sort of core business. I think that clients will continue to ask good question around the segregation of funds. Certainly the regulators are asking good question around the segregation of funds, but fundamentally, we dont see a diminish in interest in futures. In particular, I think, derivates traders look at options and futures together, they open up two accounts, they trade them, looking at the strategies, which product best delivers against the strategy that Im pursuing.
Michael Carrier  Deutsche Bank Securities: Thanks. Two questions, first, you know, when we look at asset managers, theres not a lot of flows in the industry, but they tend to focus on the products that work, so in this environment like equity income, dividend-type funds, theres a lot of campaigns around those products. You know, in the past, its been international, so you know, when I think about which Schwab can do, or what you do from an advertising stand point, not necessarily Schwabs products, but just in terms of whats working, you know, in the industry. Like what do you do on that front? And is there a more, you know, that can be done, whether its, you know, on the website, to the clients, to the advisors, you know, to try to attract the products that you know, they might not be as risky in this environment, but they still offer attractive yields, you know, and you still get some equity exposure.
Andrew Gill: Yes, so we typically do not take a product centric approach. We start with, what do the client needs? And then what are the solutions that we have that can deliver against those needs, rather than saying, heres a hot product and were going to advertise that because weve got it. But I think where you are going is, as we think about tilting that advertising towards the affluence space, what are some of the things that we can do to attract there? One is, believe it or not, and John will talk a little bit about this, there is pretty low awareness still that Schwab offers advice. You know, weve had a history of being a discount brokerage, and weve moved well beyond that, you know, Ive shared earlier, 16% of our assets are in fee based advisory solutions. But we need to build awareness of that. And so well pick some of the  you saw us this year, advertising Windhaven as an example of a solution that really delivers against that. John will talk a little bit more about that. Well advertise those solutions, and market those solutions, but more importantly, because I do not believe advices is really advertising, people come in saying, I got to have this advice solution. Well have those in conversations with our financial consultants, whether its through a financial planning conversation, or portfolio conversation.
Michael Carrier  Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, and then one other product area, theres like risk manage products, but they tend to be  that partner up, not you, but like an asset manager, we have to partner up with an insurance company, just to protect, you know, the downside.
Andrew Gill: Sure.
Michael Carrier  Deutsche Bank Securities: So anything, you know, out there that you know, youre seeing interest or you can offer, you know, where  you know, clients at least, you know, have some protection on the downside?
Andrew Gill: Sure, Mike you know what, because I really like John and this would steal a majority of his thunder, Im going to let him answer that question. But if he doesnt answer it, you come right back at him.
Michael Carrier  Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay.
Andrew Gill: Chelsea?
Chelsea de St. Paer: From the Web, can you provide more detail on how the business model with Quicken, loans and structured? So does Schwab get a referral fee, or what other economics are involved. And then how do we expect this to impact our balance sheet growth.
Andrew Gill: Balance sheet growth, Im going to let Joe answer it some point in time, and in terms of the business model, we are  we will take interest from the clients, or if the client comes to us through the Web, which many of our self-directed clients will look on schwab.com and find the information. They then call Quicken Loans directly, and its Schwab bank from Quicken Loans. So we are referring the client to the Schwab offer at Quicken Loans, and Quicken is doing the servicing of those and underwriting of those. You want to answer the balance sheet question?
Joe Martinetto: Give me a second, Im up? Okay, so  webcast, I guess I have jumped down to the  at least get me on the Web  the balance sheet, from a structural standpoint, we are not  so were going to be paid a marketing fee for entering into the arrangement. And so its going to show up in a slightly different line, but the economic should look similar to what we had with our  previous arrangement with PHH. So youll see that, itll move a little bit in the lines, but the economic impact should be fairly similar. From a balance sheet perspective, we have the right to basically buy the same  to get acceptance with the client community.
Unidentified Participant: Okay, just a quick one on the financial targets Andy, the broker expansion that youre thinking about in 2012, is that a function of just more fee based advice moving up? Or is that just...
Andrew Gill: Thats things like business process management. Were not going to get up here and talk about those as highlights, but those are going on in order to be able to provide additional services to clients. So those will be the primary ways we do it, fee-based advice. I was agreeing with you. Yeah. So, fee-based advice tilting towards affluent and active trader. And then, third, always looking for those opportunities to wring more cost out of the processes that we have so that we can invest back in the client.
Presentation: All right. At this point, Id like to bring John Clendening up on stage. And hes going to take us through our advisory products. John?
John Clendening: Thank you, Andy. Good morning, everybody. Great to see you here. I wanted to get us rolling by asking you to put your mindset back several years, to 2001. So, 2001, I think itd be pretty fair to describe Schwabs retail franchise with just four words  self-directed discount broker. Of course, in 2011, the dot-com bubble had long burst and investor services were working really aggressively to try to figure out how to respond, how to respond to the new economic reality that was taking root at that time, but also respond to a fairly decided and swift shift in client mindset. Clients have figured out that long were the days where they can invest in just a couple of equities sort of sit back and watch those equities appreciate. And so, at that point, the case for a new approach or for some change was really, really quite clear. In terms of our value proposition, the value proposition that had served us so very well during that bull market had become a little bit less differentiated. And on top of that, that same value proposition, its also become less relevant to a number of our clients. If you think about one key aspect to that, Schwab had always been known for terrific service, and we still were. From the standpoint of schwab.com, were very happy with the self-service were providing on schwab.com that was terrific for clients very well-received. But we think about the rest of our service model from a phone point of view and also from an in-branch point of view, our service model really was almost purely reactive. You put all that together and the state of the business actually was not that healthy at that time. Were competing for a very, very narrow segment of the investor market. On top of that, our revenue streams are very dependent on trading revenues, which were smaller at that point, but also certainly much more volatile than we would have liked. And from a Schwab point of view as well, we had also seen that were less meeting client needs never before. If you look on the chart in the lower right, you can see what client attitudes were at that time. So clients were dissatisfied with their performance. It may be surprising that only 45% said that in 2001. But they also didnt know what to do about it. So that was the situation of the business in 2001. Also speaks, obviously, to significant opportunity; opportunity to rethink and remake the retail part of our business; in part, the new approach advisory services. And so I know youve gotten feedback and updates on that over the past several meetings, but this is a chance to step back and for me to have a chance to share a bit of the holistic strategy around advisory services approach, talk a little bit about what that approach is, and some results that were seeing. So, today, skip forward to today, advisory services, as Andy mentioned, are a substantial part of the investor services business today. Theres that 0 number that Andy talked about up to 15% of revenues last year. So, a big uptick. The number itself is right about $500 million in revenue. And thats just the advisory services fee portion alone. It does not count for the underlying assets in that service. On the right side, and this has been referenced earlier today as well, weve seen some substantial growth here. So were thinking about new enrolments into a for-fee advisory service. You can see that growing last year at about $1.5 billion per month, so about an $18 billion Advisor Services business. Thats launch one. Launce two is Schwab Private Client, an opportunity for the client to partner with Schwab in an ongoing relationship around their investment. So the reception at that time, I think, itd be fairly characterized as cautiously optimistic. The optimistic part was around, hey, that makes sense on the face of it. That strategy seemed to make sense. It seems like theres an opportunity for Schwab. The cautious part was primarily around execution  can Schwab actually get that done, can they begin to remake themselves and go toward these advisory service offers. And a big chunk of that, of course, was will we have the skill, can Schwab have the skill to do that. So, since that time and never more aggressively than in 2011, we were working really hard to build those underlying capabilities in a couple of way. Now, Ill give a couple examples around 2011. The first is around specific security analysis and coverage. And so, last year, we launched Schwab Equity Ratings International, very supportive of the strategy that Andy talked about around participating, helping our clients participate better in global investing. Second category, on market coverage. So, last year, we launched currency coverage, we launched fixed income coverage and also global coverage. The third is around client touch points. And I think this is particularly in that, with the client touch points that weve built over the years, were able to take an attractive client base and a set of client and turn that into real distribution power. So, a couple of examples here. Back in 2005, Investor Services launched the financial consultant relationship model. And today, round about 70% of all of our client assets and investor services are serviced by a financial consultant to a named financial consultant with the clients 70% of assets. Another example Ill share is the expansion of workshops. So, workshops have always been important at Schwab, certainly was important during that bull market that I referenced earlier. Weve made a renewed commitment to make sure were spending as much face time as we can with investors, both clients and prospects. And so, last year, we had about 100,000 clients and prospects in Schwab branches talking about the markets and the offerings that we have here at Schwab. Now, this is important for two reasons. First is, when we think about the capabilities that are shared on this page, theyre really important in better meeting client needs. So the majority of our clients are not hard core self-directed. And they have a reasonable expectation that if I go to an investment firm like a Schwab or somebody else that theyll have a perspective on the markets. They also expect that of a point of view about what to do. So, while these services here dont have a fee on them, theyre very important to meeting client need. But heres a connection of what I make as well to the for-fee portion of this business. These capabilities are built over a decade-long timeframe and taken as a whole, build the credibility thats necessary to boost future acceptance of our for-fee Advisor Services offers. So its crucial to further growth of the for-fee component of our business. Now, speaking of that, we monetize the opportunity that Ive mentioned with our suite of advisory services offers. Over that same tenure period, weve built a complementary lineup that consists of several components. Dont worry about reading them all now. Im going to cover these in a fairly clarified and simple form in just a moment. I would draw attention to the lower right, Windhaven Investment Management. A number of you will remember that we purchased Windhaven back in November of 2010 and happy to share that the results have been pretty solid. So, when we closed with Windhaven, they had roundabout $4 billion in assets under management. And today, so just a bit over a year later, we have more than doubled that to $9 billion. Windhaven is also an offering that is relevant for retail, but also available to our RIA clients and advisory services. But in any case, fairly growth in AUM, which I think speaks to that distribution power that I mentioned just a bit ago. So, weve got a number of for-fee advisory services. I thought really long and hard about how do I put these into a two-by-two matrix. Im an ex-consultant. You put the entire world on a two-by-two matrix. I tried that for about two hours and realized I really couldnt do it. It actually was not going to be more clarifying to do that. So, instead, Im going to break this down into more natural groupings and then walk through how they contrast with one another in a way that, again, lead us to this sense of a complementary lineup. Let me start first with SAN and SPC, those services that we first launched with. Together, they still are the largest two of our services. And yet, they compete for a very, very different client type. So, in the upper right, Ill start with SAN, Schwab Advisory Network. This is built for the client that really is looking for an investment advisory to do it for me. Its that really interesting finding that expert they can turn over management of their portfolio and have that investment advisor do it for them. This offering tends to attract a client with fairly complex financial needs. Often that means wealth management sorts of services, which includes trust planning, estate planning, things that are really very customized the individual investor, and so we feel really best delivered with a local expert. Now, again, this is through referral to our Advisor Services RIA, about 200 or so that are in this program. Thats a particular unique need that SAN meets. SPC, on the other hand, is for the client that really wants to continuously involve not only in the general way in the investments, but also around the decision-making on that portfolio. And so, they take the point of view and says, Hey, I want an advisory to partner with me. Their needs also tend to a bit less complex. And so, we can service that clients investing needs with a centralized phone-base team. So, two offers, they both share in common the tendency to work with the clients entire portfolio. So they tend to have nearly all the clients assets under management in that portfolio, but, again, very different in terms of the needs that are met. The next are our discretionary wrap-based advisory services. So we have three of these in the lineup and theyre also meant to both complement SPC and SAN, but also themselves being complementary to one another. Ill start first again in the upper right, Windhaven Investment Management in the purple. This is for the client that is really looking for very active management. They want to see a highly dynamic portfolio. So the investor says, You know what? This idea of buy and hold and strategic pies and that sort of thing, that doesnt work for me. I want to see an investment management actively working on my behalf. This client also is looking for and is linked very closely to this a pretty high degree of portfolio sophistication. They want to see very broad global diversification. To the question on risk earlier, they want to see that the advisor, the investment manager is very attuned to managing for the downside. They also take a view typically in this solution around more of a long cycle view. Thats the client typically looks for with Windhaven. And so, Windhaven has these characteristics that appeal to that particular client type. Let me draw a comparison now to the lower in green, Schwab Managed Portfolios Mutual Fund. So this is for the client that isnt really looking for that dynamism. Thats something it doesnt really fit their needs, their mindset. Theyre quite happy to know that theyve been properly diversified in a product type or a security type theyre very familiar with, the mutual fund. They may not yet be familiar with ETFs, for example. We see a lot of our OneSource flows actually going into Schwab Managed Portfolios Mutual Fund as Walt alluded to earlier in his Q&A session. So this offering doesnt have any attachable adjustments whatsoever. Our focus is purely on selecting the right actually manage mutual fund. And as you can imagine, that fits the need for a client with a little bit less sophistication of their portfolio, but wanting to be diversified. Now, Schwab Managed Portfolios Exchange Traded Funds, or ETF, its pretty well in the middle there. I just want to point out though that the attachable adjustments that are made are really quite modest. So, first was around SAN and SPC. These tend to operate, generally speaking, more at a portion of the portfolio level than do those offers. We certainly have some clients with all of their money with us into one of these three. But they tend to be just a component of the relationship. The third leg of the stool is around managed accounts. So our platform here primarily focuses on the client thats looking for filling a particular strategy, sort of sleeve level type approach. And you guys are all familiar with the typical client needs here around managed accounts. So Im not going to go into that. On the right, our program is and our platform is pretty robust. And as youd expect, weve got a slate of equity managers, fixed income managers. Back in late 2010, I think its late or mid-2010, we also added an exclusive to Schwab, which is the PIMCO Muni Bond Ladder that sync quite well for us. And we do find also that some clients really want to consume the sort of set of strategies in these managers more of a diversified all-in-one portfolio type of way. We also have a handful of diversified portfolios as well. You can see from the chart that the account sizes here are pretty robust, given the minimums, but also given the client mindset and affluence that gets attracted to this type of product. Like Windhaven, our managed account platform is also available to Schwab Advisor Services RIAs. So, three sets of offerings that make up the lineup. And we believe that sort of all told together, the lineup itself is pretty well positioned versus some of our competition. Were worried about all of our competitors, of course. Here, when we evaluate ourselves, we tend to focus more on full commission brokers since theyve been added longer and theyve got, obviously, a lot of assets that theyve been able to convince clients to take up into an advised offer. So, with that reference point in mind, what clients tell us about the value that they appreciate in our advisory solutions tend to be a couple fold. First is around the idea of receiving consistent quality. And thats around knowing that while theyre working with an individual financial consultant, typically, that theres a whole firm behind them that has a consistent view around good advice as opposed to sort of maybe being dependent on just one broker and the idiosyncratic nature of that. Secondarily, they love the fact that we have lower minimums. So, its much more accessible. Its easier to try it out for the first time if maybe a new user, if you will, of advisory services. You may have noticed on the chart that S&P mutual fund has a $25,000 minimum in an IRA. So, well, you might say its a very low barrier to acceptance or low barrier to trial. Clients appreciate that. Start with us at a certain amount; hey, its working well, Ill bring you some more of my money. And then lastly, there are a couple of features of our pricing strategy that clients have typically told us they really like. The first part of that is transparency. So, our price list is the price list relative to these offers. As you know it at other firms, you often have to put yourself in a situation of negotiating the best deal you can possibly get. And we hear from our clients that they really appreciate the fact that they know what the price is and they dont have to worry about decorating or cat and mouse is the best thing of experience for the person on the other side of the table. That builds trust. Trust in the person but also trust in the firm. And that, of course, works best because our prices are also really attractive. A typical client can save lets say $100,000 or $2,000 generally speaking when compared to working with the full commission broker or others in the industry. And thats certainly real money in a market thats been a bit sideways for some years now. And its also very tangible, that idea of saving a couple of thousand dollars. What Ive done here, just so you know is use some real data that tries to make an Apples comparison to the relevant Schwab comparable. So what Ive done at the bottom here is laid out per creole [ph],the typical realized price for comparable. So, realized, meaning that it takes you to account that negotiation factor and then overlaid with the price should be at Schwab and then converted that to a dollar amount. As you can imagine, if the client isnt savvy enough or really good at negotiating, the savings can be a lot better, for managing size, $4,000, same manager $4,000 less. So, the services themselves appear to be pretty well positioned to us and relative to some of the competition. And as a result of that, along with build out of capabilities that I mentioned earlier and our focus, which Andy touched on earlier, we had some pretty fair results so far. On the left, I just laid out some of the industry compatibles. The first one there, Schwab private client, I really debated. Do I want to show, Hey, weve been working at this for 10 years. Were number five? But the reason I did is the following; so SPC competes in whats called the rep as advisor to a sub-segment. And when you think about the fact that our comparison points here have thousands more brokers than we do in investment services, it seems like a decent sample to say, Hey, were number five and on the heels of number four there. In the other case, its much more one, two, or three, if you will, and so a pretty strong position in terms of the results that were seeing. Windhaven in our estimation is number ETF money manager in a separate account today. And the growth rates have also been pretty strong. Its right about 12% over the past several years, a bit higher than the industry average. And we talk a lot about win-win monetization. Youve been hearing that for a long time now. Walt mentioned earlier in his opening remarks. And these advisory services are a terrific example of that. Now, the chart on the left is a little bit complex. Im going to ask you to not try to digest it. Let me just show more of a simplified statement that were trying to get across here. So, as you can imagine at Schwab, weve got a number of  and a lot of self-directed clients that are really confident, that are really skilled. And they also have the time to manage their own portfolio. But like other firms, it also have a lot of self-prepared clients who really dont have this characteristics. What happens when thats the case? Well, we tend to see a lot of clients with extreme equity concentrations. We also see clients that are on the side. So, theyre way, way in the cash. Yes. I hear stories all the time and talk to folks in the field. But heres a client with $2 million in cash. And so, theyre not participating the market or on the side-line because they dont know what to do. They have that lack of confidence that Walt does shared earlier. In addition, we have a lot of clients that are not in situation, were doing a timely manner of investments and we believe on confidence. And they end up not participation global markets. So, theyre very U.S. focus. So, the question we ask, knowing that the answer would be 100 sort of reverse in all those with the discretionary offering, what about SPC? Its non-discretionary, were working in partnership. Do we have the effect wed like to see in better diversify the clients portfolio? You can see that which is really 100% flipped on all those characteristics that Ive shared with you. So, as an example, really, 100% client in SPC has any national holding even though thats non-discretionary. So, we have a real tangible benefit that clients receive when theyre in an advisor solution. The emotional benefits though are perhaps equally as  these are people, we could pull thousands of these, obviously. But the one on the lower right I think is the one to really tune in to. Thats his idea that when I work with Schwab in an advisory situation, I have a sense of a peace of mind. That is really important for us since one of the things we take most seriously, when were having a conversation with our clients about this part of our business. So there is a win there. Its a real win. Theres an emotional win there for clients. And the win for the firm is also really quite strong as  a lot of economic leverage and the Advisor Services part of our business. So, decompose that into a couple of ways. The first is probably the most obvious. And so, when a client whos a $250,000 client, whos a buy and hold investor lose from that situation on average to one of these advisories. We see about two to  lets say two and a half x lift and broke on that same set of dollars of assets. So, the uptick in Roca is material. On top of that, the revenue stream is now recurring. And so, there are some additional value and the fact that the revenue is recurring as opposed to transaction more of it. On top of that, we also see that we go from a strong industry attrition rate on the lower left there around about 7% to a far lower attrition rate, 4.8%, so about a third reduction in nutrition. And then lastly on the right, clients are more loyal to the firm as measured by the client promoter score, also by  kind about a third. So, we make more Roca, so unit, economic, lift. But on top of that, we see clients leave less and refer more business to us. So, thats the win for the firm. Oftentimes, the question is raised how much more opportunity do you guys have in advisory services. And as you know, we dont share specific forecast, but I want you to get  just give you a couple of handles on how to think about that. And I want to start first with the comparison to  a definition around broker-dealer advisory assets. So, what do I mean by that? On the upper left, there are $2.3 trillion at broker dealers, only broker dealers, no liaison here, just broker-dealers that are in a fourth grade advisory relationship. Our share today is about 5% of that, so a pretty fair amount of upside from that point of view. Another way to look at it, on the upper right, so what about our share of the internal market, so if you think about the internal market at Schwab here, the slides shares just in terms of households. We have 2.7 million households and investor services, about 6% have taken up one of those advisory services. So a lot of white space, if you will, to still capture from that measure. Lower left, how do we stock up versus full commission brokers? I mentioned theyre probably the best reference point for us. Part of that is because they got higher penetration than we do. Were not, you know, happy about that. Theres more work to do there. But I assure this, we have this perspective that theres more opportunity to get. So, typical full commission broker, 25% assets in advisory solution. We had probably worked out 16%.So, potential from that as well. And lastly, client demand and client interest. The market volatility that were all living through and have been living through has caused more and more client to rethink their approach. The mind-set today is want to say, Hey, I really like to at least for the majority of clients, Id like to get at least periodic, if not, on-going advice from an expert. And as again, Walt referenced earlier, the flipside of these numbers is two-thirds of our clients feel that the only  they feel that theyre not confident and only somewhat confident in their investment. So, an opportunity from a  definitely a better client needs as well. So, to take advantage of that opportunity, I just want to share a handful of the things they have underway for 2012. Andy talked a bit around marketing and promotion; Ill just start at the bottom on this one. We realize that like the industry at Schwab, these services are typically sold, not bought. Weve done some experimentation in print. Were not taking that to some test and learn with advertising or Windhaven solution in the context of an application. So, like Wall Street Journal, USA Today, you can see some rotation that really gives the consumer a chance to play a little bit more with what would it be like to be with Schwab and Windhaven. Moving up, distribution, Walt talked about independent branch services. Were going to hear a lot about Schwab index advantage from Steve in just a little bit. Overtime, these, of course, widen the internal market, as I refer to it earlier. Were going to have more opportunities to work with clients in an advisor capacity. New products. So, we are actively working on a variable annuity product. The reason for that is that guaranteed income  the interest in that has been higher than it is today for some obvious reasons. As we do that, were going to focus on finding a way to participate in that market that is consistent with our commitment to quality, to value and transparency. So, nothing more I can say at the moment, but we are actively working it. And then lastly, some important initiatives that Andy also touched on, theyre really considered to be important conversion catalyst, if you will, for advisory services. The first is around performance reporting. So, therell be hundreds of thousands of in-person one-on-one conversations in 2012 from the financial consultant and the client. Again, these clients represent 70% of our assets. A fair number of those will involve a Roca conversion on how youre doing, what is the performance that youve been achieving, doing this on your own, and critically how does that relate to the risk that youre taking. These are real eye-opener conversations for clients that often lead to client to catalyze themselves into doing their investments in a different way. Often times thats around advisory service. And then second, Andy spent some time on planning capabilities. For us this wont be the 110 page thud financial plan that works well for a lot of clients. These are meant to be more bite size and we really take the mindset more around how do we enable a conversation with a client that at the end of that conversation theyre going to be in a better spot whether thats in advisory solution or if its in something else but how do enable a conversation that gets the client more tuned into their investment. So those are some of the things that we have in place for 2012. To summarize the advisory services part, the retail business is substantial, its growing. Its a great example of win-win monetization and weve got a number of things in place to try to accelerate momentum into 2012. And with that, Id like to turn it over to some questions. Who would like to go first?
Howard Chen  Credit Suisse: John, I was intrigued by that slide that shows the value proposition of your product s versus some of the full service products and maybe some of them were priced at half, some of them were 30% below. So Im just curious philosophically how do you go about assigning value propositions when you kind of develop and push out some of these new products?
John Clendening: You bet. So, couple of principles that we put in place are the following. First is we try to look at what we think price  we might be run a particular offer relative to convincing a sufficient number of clients to be attracted into the offer and to make it economic sense. Were trying to weigh certainly margin but also uptick in the offer. Second is we look at competitive reference points and, of course, were really mindful to what we believe is a fairly strong cost advantage in this industry. So, in some ways coming from where we were in 2001, we felt like a penetration pricing type approach made the most sense and thats why you see some of the of the offerings at a pretty sharp value. And its worked as we would have thought it would have worked. So we try to combine those elements and thinking about how to end up pricing a product.
Howard Chen  Credit Suisse: And maybe just a follow up to that. Can you talk about how youve evolved some of the approach of maybe giving kind of a teaser like you did? I think maybe two years ago you would have to go on to manage fee accounts and then when you stop that teaser program, the retention that you see or dont see.
John Clendening: You bet so. What Howard is referring to is theres a time period, I believe its particularly focused on SPC, is that right? SPC. So, wed essentially had a year or 12-month fee waiver or six-month fee waiver. If you put yourself back into when we did that and what was going into the markets, i.e., they were imploding and investor confidence may have been even lower than the charts that we just saw, it made a lot of sense to us to try to add, again, another bit of momentum around a penetration-type strategy by taking away price as a barrier. Weve done a couple of look backs into, Hey, what did that do for us? And we found that, You know what, it made economic sense for us. But that was a particular time of the market. I dont know if were at that time right now. We would certainly evaluate that going forward but I think the headline would be, you know, we did it; it made sense when we did it. And looking at the economics, it made sense. Have we seen some clients coming out of those offerings we have? What we tend to see that its really within the bounds of having that then an effective offering for us.
Howard Chen  Credit Suisse: And then a separate other quick question. In terms of that share in the in-house market share that 6%, I mean, have you looked at that if you just looked at households that had over 250,000? What would that look like? People who actually would qualify for some of your advice or...?
John Clendening: Sure. So, a couple things. So, if you think about that bare minimum at $25,000 in an IRA for Schwab managed portfolios mutual fund and then lift that up to just $50,000 for brokerage in that product, the vast majority of our assets actually do qualify for one of these offerings today. And so, the number would be Id say 80 something percent, 90% even potentially would qualify for one of the offerings that we have today. The available market from that point of view is quite strong. Certainly the penetration rates are higher with affluence. Walt made the pointed earlier that our affluent clients tend to be our heaviest users to kind of use that expression. And we do see the uptick is higher just like we saw in the bank, the uptick is higher for these sort of solutions. So, itll be higher than the 15%, 16% number but certainly not approaching the full commission broker certain number. Next person in the middle.
Unidentified Participant: Of the billion and a half dollars that youre seeing flowing into this segment every month, can you break down how much that is from new to the program versus existing having tried it and adding to it? And then so the second part would be if you went back and looked at it like an aged account basis what do you see as far as, for instance, if you never grew another sort of new client how much additional penetration would you expect based on the sort of the sort of aged clients if you will in terms of just where they are at versus where they tend to get to?
John Clendening: Okay. Let me tackle the first one. I think Im going to come back and ask you to clarify the second part Im tracking with you. On the first, the number that we shared is actually strictly new enrollments so new to offer dollars. And on top of that, thered be a benefit of the client that is already in the service and chooses to bring more into the service. Thats actually top spin on that number. Weve got a pretty fair opportunity there. I would also share with you one of the experiences that weve had relative to having an attracted minimum is, is it oftentimes the client does start near the minimum. And so, Windhaven is a good example of that where you see a lot of  the average, you know, the couple of hundred thousand range but if you sort of look at those that choose to start with $100,000 is a pretty fair number. And so, one of our major initiatives is to make sure that we capture more and more of the share and essentially resell the client into the portfolio. So to strictly answer your question, that didnt include new money of existing clients from the offer. And the second one if you dont mind, if you would mind just restating the question in the second.
Unidentified Participant: I guess the basic question is where are you if you didnt add any new customers based on what you...?
John Clendening: To the offers?
Unidentified Participant: Yes. Forgetting new clients to the program. If you just looked at based on your history with the existing customers and where they tend to get to versus where theyre at. How penetrated is that or whats the sort of upside?
John Clendening: Okay. I think you can characterize in a couple of different ways. So, when we look at share of wallet of these sorts of clients, we know that theres a fair amount of assets yet to consolidate. And by the way, when a client signs up for an advisory solution largely due to the conversation thats been happening at that time thats also a catalyst for bringing in assets from the outside. And so, when we look at share of wallet for this clients theres ample opportunity to continue to win more client assets from that point of view. In addition, we will look at sort of the organic growth rate if you will, that were seeing in these offers so the net new money compared to net new money you get in a none advisory solution, theres a fair multiple in terms of that number not prepare to share the number itself but its a fair multiple when compared to folks in a non-advisory offer. Lets get the next question. Okay. Oh, sorry, one more question.
Unidentified Participant: Its actually  just two questions. First, you know, when we look at that 16% new in terms of the advise assets when you look at that relative to the full on service brokers so that 25%, I guess like two things there like is your client base just given you know, the mix, the diversification versus  can you get to the 25? And then maybe more importantly, when we look over the past 10 years, either youve been able to do that on average maybe 1.5% a year if we just take the 15 or 16 versus zero. Is there anything that can make that either faster or slower meaning 10 years, no returns in the equity markets or clients, more eager to get that advice? Or how does that play out when you get to that 25% low.
John Clendening: You bet so. On the first question, there are clearly some differences in the mix of clients with a full commissioned broker versus at Schwab. We are going to have some of that hardcore self-directed investor here. But whats interesting around our client base and I just want to emphasize, Walt had said about this earlier. What unifies in a lot of ways the acceptance of the various services that we provide or maybe better said what sort of signifies the adoption rate often can be around the client type itself. So, we see there are clients that are active traders. So heres our active trader roster. Whats their penetration rate or whats our penetration rate of advisory service into that active trader client base. We see the adoption rate. Thats not as high as others but its pretty darn high too. And so, we dont see that the industry sort of hard definitions around client decision making like self-directed, validator and delegator actually hold in reality with the client. That tells us that we probably can get to a pretty high increase in the penetration rate that see today. And of course theyve been left in their penetration rate as well just like we asked. That 25% is not a ceiling for them. I wouldnt imagine that they would talk about in that way. As far as what are the kind of the macro drivers that end up influencing demand, is that the second question?
Unidentified Participant: Yes.
John Clendening: So, this cuts first in a couple of different way as we recently did an investor sentiment survey and theres an interesting gap right now between the majority of clients and Im going to focus just on them but the majority of clients still would put any incremental dollars into the markets. So in spite of whats going on, in spite of their lack of confidence theyd still put incremental money into the markets. The gap thats created is, the question is what do I do with it. So, in  certainly in the environment now were more than two-thirds or so of clients are not confident and are looking for help and guidance. This is a bit of a sweet spot for us. Windhaven maybe a really good example of that. So were having a conversation with a client in Windhaven and youre speaking about the approach that Windhaven takes around, Hey, were focused on downside risk protection. Let me give some context around how we manage portfolio. Bear in mind that you need to be thinking about this portfolio in the context of a cycle but these things all seem to strike a better resonate cord in the markets when sort of the markets sort of going this direction. I presume a little bit of counter cyclicality to it as well. On the other hand, markets are doing this. I think youd see the NNA numbers also improving so we have more of a  efficient if you will.
Unidentified Participant: And then just on the variable annuity, I know you said you dont want to get into many details but would that be something that Schwab would be offering or you would pair up with another program. I guess Im asking because some of the insurance companies have stopped taking new money because of the rate environment and like some of the risks. Youve had in the past like all the certain other products like a lot of the broker dealers offered them with the structured notes which were competing products with the variable annuities and those ended up too. But is it something that you guys can compete maybe on price or something thats a little different than a variable annuity or is it in the same concept?
John Clendening: Well, let me get to the first part of the question. So, we would imagine, we got to build this out. So what wed imagine that wed make available of variable annuity with a partner. Were not going to go and create an insurance capability be somewhat akin to how weve been or done the bank if you will. As far as product details Im not at a state where I can get into those now, except for reiterating that we look for a better value, we look for more transparency and some of that means more simplicity than whats been on the market today. That will strike a better cord in the context of that planning conversation that I referred to earlier. So with that, I think we need to go to break, Rich? When do you want folks to come back up? Fifteen minutes? Ten off. Thanks, everybody.
Presentation:
Jim McCool: Give me a minute or so to grab this great lunch. I probably should ask  we should feedback to Rich, are we feeding you all well? You know, for a good  day here. We need (inaudible). Good California, healthy. Okay, welcome back, Jim McCool, and Im going to spend the next 20 minutes or so, talking about the  sharing with you some facts about our accomplishments and our continued story of growth and momentum in the institutional services business that we saw last year, number one. Number two, I want to spend some time highlighting and talking how we think about some of the initiatives that we began in many cases in the last several years, and how they can play out in our growth plans for the future. And then following Q&A from all of you, Im then going to bring up Steve Anderson who will then take you through a deeper dive on our most recently launched Schwab and those advantages. And then hell come up in the stage and continue to take your questions as well. So thats the agenda. Many of you have seen this slide before, this is again a recap of who we are, institutional services, almost a trillion in client assents in total between the businesses that make up institutional. Our largest component of institutional is the Advisor Services business, we serve the registered investment advisors, we serve companies with their 401(k) stock plan components and programs. And all total, those are the businesses that make up that nearly one-trillion in assets. One and half million direct serve and the 401(k) business today, relatively flat number over the last couple of years, and we can talk about that perhaps later. But thats a little bit who we are, and who we serve and continue to serve. Our ongoing stability and commitment to our strategies over the year, in large part is whats enabled the institution to attract over $121 billion in net new assets throughout last year. The operating discipline weve deploying over the last several years likewise has helped us, even in this environment, to grow the revenues year-over-year by 7%. Of the new firms that came to us, principally, the advisors turning independent, 166 new firms and their teams that came over to Schwab this part year. Thats about a 2% jump from where we were the year before. So, continued growth in that area. Now, what pattern were starting to pick up as well, is that for the first time, we saw that the number of advisor firms who came from the independent broker-dealer space actually increased and is higher, slightly higher than the breakaways from the full wire house of firms. And this is a trend that we expect is going to continue when we talk about all the advised assets and the wire house that end up in a broker-dealer space, including banks and trust companies. Were beginning to see more signs of those advisors, again, breaking away, going on their own, being independent. And that plays well for our future in growth within Schwab. Another factor, with respect to the Advisor Services business is that on 166 teams, about a third of those were joins. So, our efforts over the years of matching up these breakaways with existing firms is also paying off, where a breakaway doesnt just have to start their own but they can join up with an existing firm who is working with Schwab. Thats a win-win for the breakaway as well as for Schwab in continued retention of assets and growth of more assets. On the right side, moving over to the initiatives, well talk a little further on here about some of the most significant investments weve made over the last several years, Schwab Intelligent Integration. Of course, youre going to hear Steve Anderson talk about Schwab Index Advantage. And then Im also going to cover some updates on the recent acquisition we closed in the fourth quarter last year with Compliance 11, which is part of our designated brokerage business. In over the years, in fact for the last five years, we have now added some  a significant number of new accounts from 3.2 million to 4 million accounts. Now, we define accounts institutional as a sum of our brokerage accounts, investors using bank accounts and of course, our retirement plan participants. So, consistent growth in new accounts, matched with consistent growth in total assets. On the bottom left, we can see the trend thats also emerging and how were connecting a greater percentage of those investors that we build relationships with inside of our institutional businesses, particularly in the retirement and stock plan businesses, and how we end up converting those into added relationships, new households to Schwab in retail. In fact, were now at 17% of the new households that came in to retail last year, first began a relationship by virtue of their company or their 401(k) or stock plan relationship by here in institutional. And then binding all of these together is a very strong expense and very scaled business, where from year-over-year we saw another decline  another improvement I should say, in our operating expense ratio to just over 11 basis points expressed as total cost over our total assets that we serve in institutional. And this diagram really gives you a picture of the different businesses that make up and fuel that growth, that business weve talked about, about diversifying the revenue streams and growth streams that we have at Schwab. We reach a wide variety and large pools of investors and sources of growth. At the top left, those who are looking to establish a relationship, particularly in the high net worth, ultra-high net worth side. We have a leading business through Advisor Services. Schwab continues to have a dominant market share, in fact, the number one market share in the space serving registered advisors. Thats about a $2.7 trillion space that we see and we have a 25% share, a little better than the 25% share. And thats still about 2x over our nearest competitor. Of course, on the left side, we see the impact of our retirement business services, both full bundled, as well as those administrators, independent advisors, and record keepers that serve in, principally, the smaller retirement plan space. On the right side is our corporate services areas. (inaudible) at higher risk to run their stock plan or does it in a brokerage, which well talk about in a bit, including mutual fund clearing and investment only. Together, its these different businesses that make up institutional. Thats what generated the $121 billion of net new assets. Thats what generated $1.5 billion of revenue last year. And ultimately, that 70% household figure I just mentioned a moment ago, had translated to 28,000 new households within retail in 2011. So, Im going to talk about, primarily, were going to call out four different initiatives here that Im going to spend a little time with. And then Steve is going to do a deeper dive on the Schwab Index Advantage. Three of these initiatives began several years ago. Its one of the most significant investments weve made at Schwab by then for the Advisor Services business. And then Ill cover the corporate brokerage initiative through the acquisition of Compliance 11 here. And this slide should look familiar. This is our Schwab Intelligent Integration. This really began several years ago when I stood in front of our advisors and said, Based on where the market is going, based on the pressures with expense, with regulatory, with just a more complex place to do business, we have got to charge ourselves here at Schwab to find a way to dramatically change the way you do business. To take the cost, to improve your scale, to improve your efficiency. And thats what we began setting forth to do two years ago. We are now beginning to deploy those results of Schwab Intelligent Integration. People ask me, So, whats the big deal? Is this about plugging different technologies in? Your portfolio management system in with you custody system and your client relationship management systems and other tools and applications advisors use? Anybody can plum these together. What Schwab has done though is uniquely different. Its about bringing these together in a way that brings together intelligent workflow that looks at it from the perspective of how you marry people, technology and business processes. And the impact is unmistakable. Its a better client experience and ultimately, its objective is very clear-cut for us and for the advisors. We know that the more time that they can spend outside attracting new clients to their firm and taking care of their existing clients, thats a win for them and its certainly a win for Schwab. This objective, this multi-year investment that weve been making in Schwab Intelligent Integration is wrapped all around how do we in fact, take that cost out so they could spend more time attracting and acquiring new clients. A lot on this slide here. Theres actually three flavors, as we would describe Schwab Intelligent Integration. And its designed to match up with the variety of different advisors that we serve, the 6,500 or so advisors that we serve in the industry today. At the top is what we call our Open View Integrated Office. This is really turnkey package. Its designed for the breakaway advisor just starting to practice. Theyre looking for something thats ready to go. It integrates their custody services here at Schwab, with the portfolio management system with the client relationship management application all ready to go, immediate. Its designed to make it easy for someone whos breaking away and moving to the independent status. The second area is the larger advisor model. The overview of the Gateway is designed for someone who wants to imbed some of the new workflows or the applications and the architecture that we built, to make their own systems more efficient. To take advantage of that leap ahead that we are taking with bringing technology and better service and flow to those clients. And then finally, the bottom part of just workflow libraries. Libraries that allow an advisor to bring a better process to their frontend as well as the backend of their office. These rollouts are beginning in 2012, all about retention of assets and all about helping advisors grow new assets and therefore growing our business here at Schwab. The next area that were building that began late last year  excuse me, is our next generation trading platform. This is an application where we have not invested in until most recently. Its older technology, but were not just replacing those technology, were taking this opportunity now. And this will be a multi-year effort as well, to leapfrog and go above where our competitors are today and trade technology for advisors as their needs are getting more complicated. Thats our next step in making our offices more efficient and also to respond to the increasing demands that their clients are placing on them for more sophisticated trading capabilities, solutions and workflows and ultimately, a better experience. Way too much on this slide, but if I had to step back from what the next generation trade application is all about in platform, it really moving away from a standalone system thats not integrated with the Schwab Advisor Center. This is the Web application that advisors use for serving their clients that we support. Were moving away from a standalone, older, 10-year old technology into a state of the art application thats fully integrated into schwabadvisorcenter.com, their Web application that they use for all their other services in running their business and serving their clients. This is beginning to rollout this year and there will be additional modules that will be deployed throughout this year. So, its not a big-bang type rollout. And its one that we have 90 advisors right now working with us in an advisory committee if you will, building and giving us the feedback and how do we design this best to optimize their experience and their needs on this. Joe spoke earlier about some of the strategies surrounding the bank. And this is consistent with our operating priority around monetization of assets and specifically, how do we use the bank in a more effective way for the benefit of advisors. Theres two examples Im going to call out here. The first is pledge asset line. The growth on the left is simply a reflection of increased demand from our clients, particularly high affluent, high net worth clients in which theyre finding that they would much rather prefer to use a line of credit from their portfolio as opposed to lines of credit through their home or their real estate. And its a much easier way to do this. The demand here has now grown over to half a billion in outstanding lines with just the advisor segment alone. We find that hard to do because its not an automated process. And thats exactly the investment were making now. To build a platform that allows us to scale to do this more efficiently and provide a better experience for the advisor and their end client. The advantage of this also is that as we build this out for our  principally our advisors, well be able to extend the same capability to our high-end, high affluent clients in retail. So, this is a cross benefit application. Again, using our bank to help monetize balances and create a better experience. One of the reasons also that weve seen such strong growth here is because of the rise of the breakaways, the breakaway brokers who are going independent. Many of those with a major with a major wire house firms have clients who already have this pledge asset lines. And weve had to build these solutions in order to provide a support, a service for the client ongoing here at Schwab. So, this plays into our goal of continuing to attract the advisors turning independent from all the different sectors in addition to giving us good revenue and economics on the client. The second angle or the second aspect of our bank with respect to advisors is beginning to address the problem of succession. And from an advisors point of view, we have about 19% of the advisors that we see are over age 60. And the most often requested form of succession is internal. How do we finance an internal succession? The challenges are, for the firm, is it ties up working capital that otherwise could be used for investing and growth or other opportunities for that firm. And thats difficult to do. The problem is also found when banks typically dont understand how an advisors business works. But yet, here we are at Schwab having built this business of serving RIAs for the last 20 years along with our own bank, Charles Schwab Bank. We believe we know more about the advisor community than any other bank. We ought to be able to connect those two resources and provide a solution now for advisors. The benefit, as we this, is retention, loyalty. To the extent that we help facilitate internal succession and transfers from within the firms. We believe thats also a path to ensuring that those assets that those firms have built up will continue to stay at Schwab. So, another avenue of how we see the bank grow in an increasing importance for institutional and our advisor business in particular. We move over to the corporate brokerage services initiative, particularly with our acquisition of Compliance11. Last year, at this time, I gave you a little preview of the business we called designated brokerage. And as our quick refresher, this is a business that weve been in actually for 15 years at Schwab. The service is all about companies who need to monitor and oversee their employees trading and other regulatory type actions. And thats, of course, becoming a much bigger group now because of the rules and the environment that we all live in. So, this is the example that I shared last year. I said, This is where we believe we can take this headwind in terms of increased regulatory complexity and actually take that as an advantage specific to our designated brokerage business. This is an area that is growing. And we see continued growth happening here. Now, over the years, weve built some very unique solutions just on our own inside our designated brokerage business. And by the way, this business, just for a little context, is about ready to cross over the $100 million revenue mark here at Schwab. The kind of investors that they attract actually mirror what you heard earlier about our most active and most engaged investors. These are high-balanced investors. They tend to use a lot of the services at Schwab. They tend to have anywhere from 2x to 3x, the amount of margin that they generate, pre-tax margin they generate as well as net new assets they generate. So a very attractive segment of investors has been coming to Schwab over the last 15 years and were simply trying to grow more of it now in this environment. And so, what were doing is we are combining those features that we have today with an expanded set of services that implorers are looking for, gift monitoring and other reporting obligations, through Compliance11. This is a small software company we acquired based in Chicago. Were bringing these two features together. Our leadership and (inaudible) brokerage, with the enhanced capabilities that Compliance11 offers, and this year, were going to market in a much stronger way now to package the bundle, the combined offering and capabilities that we now have through this acquisition. We actually see four different engines as we call it of future growth associated with this particular acquisition. And the first is acquiring new firms to Schwab, just like weve been doing in (inaudible) brokerage. But we think we can do it, actually, at a faster rate now. This business is estimated to be a $300 billion market place and outside consultants and others have judged it to expect to double over the next three to five years. So, again, owing to the regulatory environment that we are all working in. And so, we certainly see that as one of the first primary engines of growth in this business. The second one is we have a number of clients weve acquired now through Compliance11 and we have right now very little market penetration with them. So we have an opportunity to now bring Schwab into that story and offer a more complete service and, of course, a strong brand behind Compliance11. Third, within our existing base of clients. We see that the increased set of offers that we could now bundle and put together is allowing us to go back to our existing clients and seek to get an even greater market share by trading a better experience for their end clients, their end employees of these firms. And the fourth one we realized is that within that rank of 6,500 advisors that we serve, a great number now require these same services because of this regulatory environment. So, the cross-sell actually into the Advisor Services world is one thats already starting to show up on our plans and our request from existing clients. So, when I summarize, all told, this has been a challenging environment. Weve made the right decisions. We accelerated our investments in 2011 by a factor of some 38% in the investment spending alone in 2011. A lot of that, in fact, a great percentage of that has allowed us to throttle back our investment and other spending in 2012. So we will continue to deliver on these initiatives that we began talking about several years ago, new platforms, broadening our services. We will be able to deliver positive revenue growth. And for 2012, we expect also to deliver positive revenue growth while growing our total expenses at a rate lower for 2012. So, the power of the discipline, the operating discipline, taking advantage of last years acceleration in investments, ratcheting down continued momentum is the story that I leave with you for institutional services. So, with that, questions. Yes?
Unidentified Participant: Jim, can you just walk through what are the economics on the Pledged Asset Lending side? And then, secondly, what do you see is maybe the revenue potential for that product?
Jim McCool: So the economics of that would get back into what we earn in the bank, in our portfolios there. So Im not sure that were going to be publishing prices and yields on that. But this is a positive spread that we earn and is one that helps us monetize and increase the revenue over what we earned today in the Advisor Services business.
Walt Bettinger: (inaudible) the rates on the PAL product to be roughly akin to what we earn on margin. So its a margin alternative and looks very much like margin in terms of yield.
Unidentified Participant: Do any of your RIAs feel like some of the things that John spoke about are competing with them and their products? Or do they not see it that way at all.
Jim McCool: Yeah, there are Advisers that compete in the same zones of clients that we serve in retail that the advisors themselves often roll in the industry with the Schwab Advisor Network. So its a way of bringing all of us together that we think helps manage that tension. But on the total balance, we only have it on the edge within some.
Unidentified Participant: Thanks.
Unidentified Participant: Hi. Does your next-generation trading platform on the institutional side have the same derivatives and global trading capabilities as what youre building out on the retail side?
Jim McCool: Were going to be following. After that gets built in, were right behind kind of. And right now it doesnt.
Unidentified Participant: On the backend, is it the same team that works on both platforms?
Jim McCool: We share all those technology and resources in one technology group here at Schwab.
Unidentified Participant: Thanks.
Howard Chen  Credit Suisse: Jim, last year you shared with us just, I think, a bit of a renewed push on the $10 million to $50 million emerging advisors program. Whats going on with that customer set and some of your initiatives there?
Jim McCool: Yeah. Thanks for bringing that up. I didnt talk about that. First off, the reason why were going after that or accelerating our efforts or increasing our efforts, I should say, in the core advisor segment $50 million is the economics are strong. They tend to use higher revenue generating assets, a better revenue flow for us. Weve built a very good service model there. And by the numbers that we have, we believe we have a leading share of those advisors already. And so, our message was to increase the awareness within the rest of the industry, particularly the breakaways, that this is a good place for them to come. We wanted to overcome what we heard with some barrier out there that advisors were breakaways, especially were thinking, well, if youre a really big advisor, Schwab is really good, and we are. But were also really good at helping the emerging advisor, if you will, to grow their practices to become quite successful. In terms of growth rates, I dont know, Bernie, if weve  Bernie I see in the back  I dont know if weve had growth rates we had published on that segment publicly. Do you have anything to add to that?
Bernard Clark: It remains one of our faster-growing segments, is weve talked about frequently advisors on our platform tend to grow faster than the industry norm. In fact, they tend to grow mid to high-teens. And often in the emerging segment at different periods of time, well see them even exceed that growth rate. So weve been quite pleased. But Jim mentioned something thats very important. Weve been industry leading in that segment as well. In fact, you can carve up almost any delineation of asset size and you can see that weve led into those places. So we call it core now. Its something that well continue to have prominence in what were doing and again addressing their needs for their size and what they have. That small segment has a specialized need with the emergence of a lot more regulation. And were going to have to help them think about that. And in many cases, were going to have to think about how we will help them to consolidate or use their parties in that capability.
Howard Chen  Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks. And then, separately, Jim, on the lending initiative to help facilitate RIA succession now, is the strategy that a term loan will make the Schwab advisor relationship sticky? Or is there some greater contractual relationship over time in terms of...
Jim McCool: Well, first off, were in pilot, Howard. So we havent formalized all the terms and conditions on this. Were working. Weve already done one and we hope to be doing more this year and working together with the bank. I would first offer that when we would be offering the service, I think we already have a relatively sticky stable relationship. Otherwise, we wouldnt be comfortable in offering this. So the opportunity here is as it passes through different generations or different owners, can we continue to maintain that. Keep it all, quote, internal to their successful leadership team. Okay. Topic, Steve Anderson, I dont think youve met before on the stage at least. And Steve and I and his team have been working on this whole 401(k) initiative. We call it Schwab Index Advantage. What I want Steve to be able to share with you is how we not just are talking about it, but how we expect it to change how 401(k)s are thought off. This is not a marginal, at the margin type small change in the industry. This is moving the 401(k) needle to a whole different perspective  changing the focus to that off low-cost, simple and with advice, and the impact of those. So, at this time, Ill bring up Steve to share with our efforts and progress on Schwab Index Advantage.
Presentation:
Steve Anderson: Thank you, Jim. And greetings. Its a real privilege for me to be here representing the team thats been working on Schwab Index Advantage for, gosh, well over a year. Its about a year ago on this very stage that Walt introduced the concept as far as the major investment that Schwab was making in the 401(k) industry. And what Id like to do today is talk a little bit about, first, the nature of the buying community, our clients; looking at our clients and how they view the market through their eyes, both plan sponsors and participants. Secondly, Id like to get into a little bit of detail in regards to the product. And then, third, probably most important to all of you, how we view positioning this product and our strategy going forward with our existing business and also our growth strategy going forward. To set context, were in a market where theres about just shy of $3 trillion of assets in play, 15 million participants. And if I might reflect on the gentleman who, so to speak, is the father of the 401(k) and refer to a quote that took place in November of last year, Ted Benna, back almost 30 years ago, a little over 30 years ago is credited with finding that aspect, that provision in the IRS quote from Ted in November  I would blow up the system and restart with something totally different. Blowing up the existing structures is the only way to simplify them. Pretty powerful statements from the individual accredited with starting that, which is now a major savings vehicle within our society. Lets explore why Ted is making that comment and where Schwab Index Advantage comes into play as we address some of those concerns that he highlights so well. We certainly dont anticipate blowing up the industry, but as Jim said, we believe we have a solution that can dramatically change how plan sponsors and participants look at their plans. Lets take a look at the client experience and lets do both from a plan sponsor perspective and also a participant perspective. Here are some of the things that youre dealing with, and put yourself in that situation, if you would, just briefly. Number one, theres got to be a very attractive benefit. To compete in the space today, youve got to attract and retain key people. The 401(k) plan is an integral part of that. Your match is an important part of it. Secondly, you personally are taking on a fiduciary role, serving on that committee personally as a fiduciary, following the guidelines, the regulations of ERISA, a highly regulated area. Typically, youve got to have a consultant to help the committee understand what to do and what not to do. The third area is that of fund management. Which funds do you put in the plan? Which ones do you think out? Walt mentioned, think about this, 85% of all of the assets in the 401(k) is at fees. Youre held to an accountability of having reasonable fees in your play. What is reasonableness mean? How reasonable are your fees? So, what do you do? You do benchmarking studies. You go to the market with the request for proposal. Youre constantly looking at your pricing structure and ideally pushing your provider, much like Schwab, down in their fee structure. So theres a lot of complexities at the plan level. And, usually, when you think about protecting yourself as a fiduciary, where do you turn, because you have to make decisions for the benefit of your employees. You turn to standardized education, glossy material, classroom environments, maybe a Web-based program that they could learn from. You try to educate individuals in terms of what decisions do they make. And Im going to touch on a little bit of that topic further. Lets shift gears, though, and now look at it through the eyes of participants. Probably the most important. Certainly the most important. If we take a look at almost any study today, over the last few years, theres been a heightened concern around retirement readiness, within the baby boomers, within those that are already at that retirement stage, individuals who have taken on another job during retirement. How ready is our society for retirement? Pension plans have gone away. And even those, I mean, we think back to the day where the end all, but they were not. Weve got a whole new dilemma now with longevity, lack of savings, that we need to help individuals prepare for their retired plans. Now, thats on kind of how theyre feeling, that emotional aspect in the reality of their savings. But another key component  and these are foundational, understanding what weve done with Schwab Index Advantage  another key component is behavioral finance, behavioral economics. Many individuals, many employees who are in 401(k) plans today had no intention on being an investor. They know they need to save. So they enter into the plan, how much to save, how do I invest, though, is not something theyre very good at, nor do they spend a lot of time with that. So, a few years ago with the DOL, Department of Labors endorsement, there were automatic provisions that allowed plan sponsors to make, in essence, decisions for their employees to place them in the plan, to put them at a deferral rate to increase that deferral rate. And what weve seen is possibly through a lack of interest on their part. Participants, employees stay in the plan once theyre included. And if theyre increased they stay with that. In fact, even if theyre defaulted into a certain type of investment such as a target date fund, they stay there. Great staying power within decisions that employers make in behalf of their employees. So thats a key component. Now, as we take a look at what weve learned over the years of being in the business and, really, the industry has learned, theres two key components that really drive results. Excuse me. John touched on this a little bit as far as cost even with our own retail-oriented products. If you can drive cost down, thats more that you have to work with in terms of savings. In the 401(k) space, when were looking at the underlying expenses, were talking about active management. And if we can build a very diversified portfolio and take the cost on average in the market that we play in from about 86 basis points according to (inaudible) down to 20 or 25 basis points with a 100% passive index approach. Those are dollars right in the pocket of participants. In fact, just simple math over a 30-year period would allow somebody put about $115,000 of additional savings in their account with just normal deferrals and then match, and the differential, that 66 basis point differential in terms of how you would equate that. If you multiply that then by that 15 million participants currently in plans, thats a huge impact on society. But again, its dollars in the pockets of individuals that makes a big difference. The other area that we see that makes a huge difference  and we see that even with our retail clients  is advice, advice for individuals that typically dont get advice if they happen to raise their hand and theres about 10% of all participants in the 401(k) space that actually asks for help through advice, a consultation or a Web-based tool, typically see that their savings rates almost double. And you can diversify yourself all you want, but if youre not saving dollars, youre not going to get through retirement. So that saving rate is the key. If we look at some other studies, theres also a higher rate of return that those individuals have yield over the last few years. Theyre more diversified. They typically go for maybe three or four funds to eight funds. Greater staying power. Advice makes the difference. And when you combine low cost with advice and you create a product thats based on that, its a whole different philosophy than what the industry is now today. So lets go a little bit further into what are the products look like today, what does Schwabs product look like today, and why is Schwab Index Advantage just so different. Lets focus on the left hand side of this slide if we could, because this is todays model, and, yes, we are as guilty as anybody on the Street thats providing 401(k) plans to be doing exactly what Im going to describe and what Ted Benna was referring to in the quote that I shared with you at my opening. If we take a look at the wide array of varieties, decisions, the participants are forced to make today, heres what theyre looking at. Theyre looking at wider range of investments, actively manage funds. Theyre looking at passive funds. Theyre looking at collective at collective trust funds that youre going to include, both the active and passive. Most importantly were it gets confusing is in the asset allocation tools or products that are in plans today. And its typically not just one, two, but probably three different approaches to asset allocation where youre trying to educate somebody as far as what do you have as for your options. You have target date funds. You have risk-based portfolios. You have managed accounts. You have point-in-time advice. And many times, youre mixing all of those together, which really gets pretty confusing at times. Then you have also the capital preservation options. As I mentioned earlier, when you put that fiduciary hat on and the best way for you to protect yourself is through education, historically what we have done, if you were in that committee, you would say lets have those enrolment classes. Lets have classes on investing. In other words, what you do is you have a paper map, a roadmap that you pull out of the glove compartment and say youre point A, lets get to point B, follow the directions here in terms of your risk tolerance, your asset allocation, make those decisions along the way. And its through education which we have learned just does not work. Lets contrast that now to what were doing with Schwab Index Advantage, where we are eliminating many of the items that we see on the left. Some of the best decisions, I think, were making are what were not putting in Schwab Index Advantage. We are going to go with 100% all indexing. Using this year, all index mutual funds. Next year, well be rolling out one thats 100% ETFs. The second component which is required  its not optional  is a personalized managed service, one that looks at age, income. Its going to look at account balance, savings rate, projected Social Security benefits, and map a individual into a portfolio in a glide path thats appropriate for their stage in life. They too then can add information that makes it that much more comprehensive. Now that exists in the market today. But what is truly different is the bold step that were making in saying that if you go with Schwab Index Advantage, this is where were going to enroll. Were going to place participants in the managed service on day one. Not a target date fund, not a risk-based portfolio, not a capital preservation. We want to do what is right for a participant at the very outset. Not wait for them for three or four years for them to raise their hand and say I want advice. Were going to put everyone in the advice solution day one. Those that have the time, the interest, the knowledge to want to invest themselves, those do-it-yourselfers, they will have that opportunity to opt out at that point in time or any time in the future, or to opt back in to the managed service. We know though the vast majority of participants who are placed in a service of this nature based on what weve seen over the past years, theyre going to stay in the service, because theyre going to feel as though theyve got somebody doing it for them. Theyve got a professional service thats supported by communications going out, one-on-one consultations, if need, and a Web-based tool and, certainly, quarterly reports that reinforce the value thats being provided. Most individuals that would attend an education session today. If this in fact were one for Schwab and youre an employee and I were here going over an hour-long program about all the features of the 401(k) plan, the different asset allocation opportunities, at the end of the meeting, chances are youd come up and say, You know that was a very good presentation. I learned a lot. But do me a favor, tell me what I should do. Help me out here. Its not the education. People really want the direction and make decisions for them. And thats what were looking at here with this offering. The third component, it is built in to this simplified bundled solution, is a savings product that individuals understand. Few participants today understand the nuances of stable value, but they do understand the stability of FDIC insurance from a bank, a bank deposit product and through Schwab Bank, were introducing Schwab Bank savings as the capital preservation vehicle within Index Advantage. So, again, key components. It is dramatic shift from what Ted Benna described as wanting to blow up the industry. We dont think we need to do that. We think weve created a very simple solution that can really gain traction in the market. And thats what were seeing. Its bundled. Its difficult for others to want to go down this path to. If you look at our competitive set, many of our main competitors are active managed funds. For them to go down this path, it greatly undermines their overall strategy. So, again, we feel as though its sustainable, its different, and theres nobody thats playing in our space that has built a product of this nature. Lets look at some of the economics and this gets into that win-win monetization aspect that Walt referred to as one of key strategies as a corporation. Now, the magic to this is, if we take a look at the active management, which has really been the financial underwriter for the last 30 years of the 401(k) industry. And we strip out all the active management involved. We can drive the asset management fees down to about 20 basis points, 25 basis points for a very diversified portfolio, with upwards to probably about 15 different asset categories to build that out. When we do that, that drops the cost right down on the asset management fees. It allows us to shift, part of the value proposition from the active management to paying for a fee-based managed account. That is a fee-based managed account where Schwab is providing more of the service, more of the value. And as such, youre going to see on the next slide, we drive more of the revenue. So were dropping down on the expenses all in. Youre going to see probably in the range of an individual with about a 60 to 70 basis point all in cost, a very diversified portfolio with professional management. When you think about it in terms of a retail product, thats a very attractive price point. But lets take a look at the economics as far as what were doing. This is where theres that fundamental shift in todays environment. The provider, whether at Schwab or one of our talented competitors, the vast majority of the work that takes place in the 401(k) space is at the provider level. Theyre acting as the record keeper, theyre doing all the accounting, theyre handling all the calls, theyre servicing the plan, theyre consulting at the plan. There is a lot new through if our underlying (inaudible) and the revenue. In this situation that we derive revenue from will have the bank savings product which would serve as a bank product much as any other deposit product source of revenue. And then as needed we would have a record keeping fee but our goal and intent is to minimize the record keeping fee to as low as possible which really changes the playing field in terms of how you compete because usually youre measured by cost on what is your record keeping fee. And when you go out with a low or no recordkeeping fee its a very different value proposition that youre talking to a plan sponsor about when you talk about reasonable lesser fees it changes the whole dynamic there. So, again, it dramatically changes the revenue seen that we have seen in the past in terms of increasing the Roca [ph] that were going to drive and what is otherwise a very competitive area. This is a classic area that Walt referred to earlier that we could bring in net new assets all that you would want at very low margins if we really wanted to compete upmarket and bring in a lot of assets. You can do it for almost nothing. And there are plan sponsors that would love us to do that but we dont. Weve been very disciplined in the last three years in terms of how we priced and we built our business. As Jim mentioned, we introduce the product a little over 20 days ago in New York. We went in with a series of different interviews and a press release. And many times when you have a press release, youre excited, you get it out there and it goes out and then the next day theres new news that trumps it. And all of a sudden that press release doesnt look quite as good as you thought it might because it just didnt get the traction you wanted. With this, we had 21 interviews, organizations, separate organizations that wanted to meet with us. We had over 30 different publications pick up on it and they are still writing about it. Just this past Tuesday, the Wall Street Journal had an article on the influence of fees and the fee disclosure on the 401(k) space and they highlighted Schwab Index Advantage as being a unique offering in the marketplace. So, as well as I would like to think that Jim and I did with our interviews and promoting the idea, it wasnt us. Its the concept. The concept is being well-received in a perfect time in the market right now. When you take a look at the differential between active management, passive management and whos been up performing what, passive management is definitely a key trend were seeing in the 401(k) space. When you talk about doing things for individuals that they otherwise wont do for themselves and you know its the right thing for them to do, it makes for a good story. And when you cut down on the fees, thats probably giving some of the best traction right now because the deal, well, I dont know if you know but in the last 24 hours they came out with their final regulations in terms of plan sponsor fee disclosure which is now on July 1st of this year where all providers will need to provide great transparency to the plan sponsor which we have done for years. But more importantly 60 days after that, plan sponsors will need to communicate at the participant level, the underlying fees in their 401(k) looking at one year, five-year, 10-year, rates of return compare it to a benchmark and fees as a percentage an OER of assets but also based on a dollar amount on a per thousand. So, its going to be transparency that has never been seen in 30 years of the industry. If you think that individuals were concerned about the possibility of a $5 ATM fee when you get to push the button and say, Yes, I accept, think how theyre going to react when what they believe is a free benefit because its embedded in the OER of active manage funds, when they realize what theyre paying on their account balance is in a 401(k)? How many of you know the fees youre paying in your 401(k) account? Youre all in plans. In a few months youre going to know. And youre going to understand the nature of the other fee disclosure. So, its an important trend that we can pick up on as we introduce Schwab Index Advantage. Now, lets take a look at it from a market strategy perspective. Where are we today and where can we go with this? In the 401(k) market today, these are the top 10 providers and we see these players day in, day out when were competing for new business. And certainly as you take a look at Schwab in the ninth spot, we have an opportunity to take market share with this offering. Certainly, it is a passive approach that could play well against one of our competitors that have embraced passive investing for a while but theyre not even going as indexed as we are. And when you couple it in with our pricing strategy and to manage service, its very difficult for others to compete if you look at most of these organizations with what were doing. So weve got a trusted name providing a very unique solution I believe at the right time. Now, one of the things that were going to have to really do a better job of that we havent done in the past is have a more aggressive direct to plan sponsor marketing approach and sales approach. Weve relied heavily on third party consultants and advisors who really dominate this space probably about close now but 90% of our business comes through third party advisors where theyre consulting doing search work, theyre looking at the underlying plan, theyre helping out in the investment side of things. Were going to continue to embrace the consultant community its an important aspect of our current business and weve got wonderful relationships with those professionals but we also need to be telling the story directly to the marketplace, directly to individuals in the finance side of house and the HR side of the house which is interesting on some of the media pick up. We had an excellent article in treasury and risk publication and then in CFO because this concept really appeals to the financial side of house from a decision-making perspective. And usually you have both HR and finance on the committee making the decision together. So weve got a compelling story there. Now, the fee-base aspect of this is really important because of the transparency thats going to come about. And weve started to see a pick up any way in terms of plan sponsors that are going out and checking that reasonableness of their fee. Now that this is going to be much more public in terms of their participant level and to the public they want to make sure that they have got their fees as competitive as they can. So were feeling those pricing pressures today. We also feel this is an opportunity for us to kick start the sales of Index Advantage at a perfect time as the fee disclosures come out. Lets go a little bit further into the market segment if we could. In the 401(k) space, weve been very deliberate in the markets that we choose to compete in. Jim mentioned earlier that we dont compete in the smaller market. We have great partnerships with third party independent record keepers much like we do with advisors that are very proficient in this space. They tend to be very active in the below 20 million category. We have chosen to compete on plans that are 20 million on assets and above typically up to one billion of assets. Now, we compete above that and we have some of our very best prominent clients north of one billion. But if I take a look at our sweet spot where we can  work day in and day out and make a difference is that 22 billion range. In that market today, to all retail offerings, the ratios of that way because we tended out to attract more professional-oriented firms, physician groups, law firms, we happen to represent probably 30 of the top 100 law firms in the nation. Engineering groups, professionally-oriented groups, and if I take a look at our manufacturing base where the managed account could be a very solution-oriented approach for a plan sponsor in that manufacturing base, we only have about 14% of our market. So we have an opportunity really to expand the nature of the plans that we compete on. So we really view this as expanding the market where we could go after a wider variety of demographics within the plans as far as the plan sponsors and to make up their employees so expanding on that. Now lets put it in numbers. So, I know that most of you based on some of the other questions you asked, the numbers are important. Lets understand this segment of the market because when you look at the number of plans and in really many of the participants, theyre below 20 million. But we really feel this was the segment we can compete very aggressively because were strong incumbent with a very disruptive mile of coming in. When we look at, at the market that were in, there are approximately 9,000 plan sponsors. Its a pretty much known universe. Those are  thats from various databases, it could be a little bit higher than that, a little bit lower but about 9,000 plan sponsors. And what we know over the last few years with the market turmoils that weve had, and downward pressure in terms of internal staffing, theres probably been a turn-over rate of plan sponsors at about the 3% range of those that really want to go actively go out to bid, and change providers either because of fees, or service or both. So when you look at that, thats about 300 plan sponsors, give or take, 3%,. We know from our own bidding, that were involved in the vast majority of those opportunities today. Given an example, last year, we made it to the finals of about, it was 87 of those opportunities. It finals you down to maybe two, three or four providers. Of those 87, we had a win ratio of 48%. So we feel as though we can compete aggressively today, with our current model, more importantly, where we can grow the business in a very aggressive way going forward because of the whole change in what weve doing. The key for us now, if we only have a 3% turnover rate in the market within that space, how do we get it to 4%? 5%? 6%? Where it used to be if we go back about seven or eight years ago, so that theres more plant sponsors willing to turn over and go to something new and better because it is different. The dilemma for them today, is that we could all stand up, we could have four different competitors here, and wed have an hour and half meeting sharing all the services that we can provide, the bells and whistles, end of the day, they would get us all confuse because were all saying the same thing. Nobody really stands out with a different story. And Schwab index advantage is that different story, low cost, better outcomes. So its a very different model that were working on, that we think that we can bring that search mode up to a great percent than its been. The same time, were working on new businesses. Its so important that we focus on our current clients. They are our very best prospects for adopting Schwab index advantage, they already trust us, they know us, we have great relationships with them, very high client promoter scores. And to the extent, over the next year, two years, that we can move, transition those clients in adopting index advantage, as Walt said earlier, its not going to help our net new assets, but it has a big impact on our revenue with very little adjustment in our expenses. So not only will it be the new market, and going after new plan sponsors, it will be working with our current plan sponsors, certainly embracing decisions that theyve made in the past where they are today from a producer [ph] perspective, theyre getting to see the vision on where the market could go with an alternative business approach. And last, just to highlight again, is that, theres a great partnership between the retirement business and our retail business. We work very closely in communicating with plan  with participants on the value that we can provide within our retail offering. And as Jim mentioned, 17% of all of our new households, flow through either retirement plan, or stock option plan. Its a very critical part of our overall business strategy. So do we really need to blow up the 401(k) market? We dont think so at Schwab. But we do need to make some radical changes with the product that we believe is at the right time, with the right story, thats going t drive better results, through lower cost and that manage service in culmination. With that, let me open it up to any questions you might have, on the business, on the product, and well take it from there.
Unidentified Participant: Steve, I think most  everyone would agree this is a pretty revolutionary idea, it makes a lot of sense economically, but sometimes, the inertia of these markets can be very, very powerful. So I guess, you know, if we come back in a year, how would you define success as we kind of see this play out?
Steve Anderson: You know, its a question that Ive been wrestling with because I know its a new offering, but inertia  theres a flip side to inertia, inertia is individuals not wanting to take the action. The other thing that can happen in the market that were in, is, if something gets traction, it can get traction is a hurry, and our hope is it would. Im going to probably measure success more in terms of our sales pipeline because the sales cycle in our business is typically anywhere from six months on the short side up to a year or more on larger opportunities. So Im going to measure it more by how do we look at our pipeline? How many plans do we have in that pipeline, how many assets, how many participants, and really building the momentum because as I stand here now, weve got a pipeline now, a very healthy pipeline of plan sponsors that are looking at our traditional product, and were going to do the best job we can to introduce our new product in their decision-making mode. So its going to be a transitional aspect in terms of how do we build that pipeline, get the word out because this is an organic growth play that we feel as though it can gain momentum over years. And we actually feel that with the ETF version that were going to roll out next year, thats going to be even more disruptive because theres nobody that plays on our space that will have that capability of trading during the day with ETFs driving cost down even lower, with the same features I just talked about. So we feel a gain in momentum as time goes on. And to the extent, we get some great traction over the next year, it is the type of thing that can break through inertia and really get some fairly high volumes. All you have to do is go back maybe, gosh, about 20 years, 25 years when we went through  for those of you that maybe are my age, it used to be in a balance forward program where you get a glimpse of your account every quarter, maybe you dont remember that. So bear with them. When things move to a daily valuation, there a lot of nay-sayers, they say  nobody wants to see their account every day, theyre going to be trading too much. But who today does not have daily access to your 401(k) plan? Everybody does, and that happened in a matter of years. Wed like to think that this could also have that type of traction. The market will tell us though, an initial read, from consultants, from the media, from some of the plan sponsors, we had the opportunity to do business with, the story were sharing is really resonating. So its going to be my responsibility to Walt and the team, to make sure theyre getting that traction, that we feel, much like the message that Jim and I shared, its more about the message than anything else.
Unidentified Participant: Sounds good. And then my follow up, given the product is fairly disruptive, Steve, I mean how are you preparing for any potential disruption in terms of either that, you know, traditional 401(k) offering, and second, just broader one source relationships for the company and what are you hearing, you know, in real time from folks?
Steve Anderson: With any partnerships, such as with our one source, I think open communication is the best policy. They have known for a year as the strategy, what were doing. There is certainly a place for active management with the advisors, with our retail offering, but if you think about the nature of 401(k) plans, theyre a long term buy and hold. And to the extent, over a long period of time, how many active managers are actually going to outpace their benchmarks. And if you can put that 65 basis points, or maybe even more in your pocket, just be lowering your cost, and having a very diversified approach in an institutional product, I think plan sponsors are going to be very interested in that type of approach. So communication is paramount with our partners there. Disruptive? We want it to be disruptive, we absolutely do. But disruptive to our competitors, not to plan sponsors, not to participants. I think the hallmark of a lot of what youve heard today when it comes to the product side is, whats in it for the client? And theres a lot in this for the client. Theres still  for those that want to do it themselves, theyll have every opportunity to do so at a much lower cost. For those that need the help, and many do, its going to be a very comprehensive service. Over here in the front?
Justin [ph]: For this segment, I guess in 06 and 08 when you used to break out the corporate and retirement services as a separate entity, operating margins were probably in the mid 20%, Im assuming youre not there now. Is there kind of stated target or what it realistic for this segment to get back to?
Steve Anderson: Justin [ph], this is my first time on stage, Im not going to make a mistake answering that question just yet, Im going to look over to Joe. Joe, to what extent do we really break that out? As far as I know, we havent. So I want to be able to be invited back up by the way.
Joe Martinetto: So youre right, we dont break that out in terms of segment information anymore. It is fair to say that much like the rest of the business, the retirement business is impacted by the low rate environment, theres a chunk of the client bounces the sitting cash, cash spreads are depress. So we definitely felt some margin pressure in that part of the business over this part of the cycle. I think its important to note, and Steve has given you a couple of reference points, one on what the revenue yield looks like, and basically, an almost doubling of our take on those fees. Two is, some of the commentary around cost. This isnt a markedly more expensive offer to deliver to market. So we do expect over time, well see better margins in this part of the business which will allow us to be more aggressive in terms of how we go to market, but were not prepared to make predictions or break that segment margin out today.
Steve Anderson: Joe brings up a good point, I mean let me just add a comment here more on our market. With this offering, we can be more aggressive going up market, going after some major corporate players that are interested in moving in this direction. And there had been some significant, multi-billion dollar plans that have moved to an all passive approach in recent months, and we think we can lead that. And we can do so with plan level economics and revenue, that allow us to do it in a sustainable way which would be very difficult today. To compete in that space today, you almost  you have to do it at the expense of your other clients, and we have just chosen not to go there. Chelsea?
Chelsea de St. Paer: What are the advantages or disadvantages of a plan sponsor choosing the 100% mutual fund version versus the 100% ETF version thats going to be coming out?
Steve Anderson: Were really fairly indifferent on whether its indexed, 100% indexed with mutual funds or with the ETF. I think the advantage with the ETF is going to be being able to drop that cost down that much further in terms of the underlying cost. And thats one of the key elements of this, dropping it down. An then for some of those plan sponsors that may want to have that inner-day trading capability. Joe, do we need to wrap up? All right. Well let me bring Joe back up. Thank you so much for the opportunity to be with you today.
Joe Martinetto: Thank you, Steve.
Steve Anderson: Thanks, Joe.
Joe Martinetto: So Im not too worried about his getting traction on this because hes a pretty good sales guy. Ill try to keep the conclusion pretty brief here. But bottom line is, were pretty excited about whats going on today. When you look at the core of the business, were well positioned. Were winning in the market place, were bringing in assets, but on top of that, weve got some really important initiatives that were in the process of delivering to market today. And Steve obviously just talked about the 401(k) offered, John talking about the positioning that weve got around the advice offer. Some of this is capabilities that we think some of our competitors are going to have a hard time matching, or theyre just not going to be able to get there based on internal conflicts, or price points. We spend some time talking about expense management. Its a really important topic, but its also deeply embedded in the way we run the company. And a large part of that, is because how important it is to the strategy, so youve heard pieces of it today. But being able to deliver that low-cost solution, being able to keep our expenses down, lets set price products to points where others cant necessarily match us. Lets just bring offers to market that drive the growth of the business forward, and it also lets us keep harvesting that savings of continuous improvement, that we can plow more money back in the development of new products and services going forward. So its not a project for us, or something that were going to break out and try to do one time. Its an on-going process and the discipline around how we run the company. So thank you again for your time and attention today.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-26 18:40:12) =====
Executives:  Rich Fowler  Head, IR Walter Bettinger  President and CEO; and CEO, Charles Schwab Bank Joseph Martinetto  EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Richard Repetto  Sandler ONeill & Partners Howard Chen  Credit Suisse Kenneth Worthington  JPMorgan William Katz  Citi Brian Bedell  ISI Group Michael Carrier  Deutsche Bank Securities 
Rich Fowler: Good morning everyone. Welcome to the Fall 2011 Schwab Business Update. This is Rich Fowler; Head of Investor Relations for Schwab and with me here today are Walt Bettinger; our Chief Executive Officer; Joe Martinetto, our Chief Financial Officer. Its a great fall day out here in San Francisco which we can actually see this time because when our new state of the art some might even call it spicy (ph) webcast center which has the main virtue of being a converted conference room with an outside window as opposed to or even more impressive yet sadly windowless studio where weve done this previously. And for those of you whore keeping track I can look out that window and see that it is indeed another top-down day. We are doing an interim update today. So, well spend just an own with Walt and Joe, sharing their perspective on life at Schwab right now. Well start out with some prepared comments and then, well go to Q&A until its time to wrap up. Before Walt starts this off, lets spend the moment on the ever popular forward-looking statement page, the main point of which is to remind everyone that outcomes can defer from expectations. So, please keep an eye on evolving disclosures and then, lets cover how well take questions. Once again, well do so via both the web console and the dial-in as well. So, for anyone who doesnt already have it, the dial-in  excuse me, its 800-871-6752, the conference ID is 981 77163. So, thats also should be available to you if you are registered through schwab.com/corporation. The number shown there, its also in the email confirmation that you got when you registered. When we start the Q&A session, well ask the operator to remind this how the process works. So, I think lets see weve got administrative stuff out of the way. We have our speakers ready to go. Ive got my blood pressure meds on board. So, let me turn it over to Walt to start this off.
Walter Bettinger: Thank you Joe. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today. It was about a year ago I think we had this meeting and just a few blocks away the wanted black and orange of the San Francisco Giants were enjoying the World Series, although its a long suffering Baltimore Orioles fan I refer a different form of black and orange. But again, thanks for joining us. Today, what we want to try to do is cover several important aspects of our company but were going to do so in a bit more detail than we probably typically go into during one of our semi-annual webcast presentations and more specifically Joe and I want to discuss our longer term bigger strategic and financial picture, our financial results and growth as interest rates stayed relatively flat from early 2010 into August of 2011. We want to discuss the impact on our second half 2011 financial results of course as affected by the weakening economic environment. A bit about our plans to respond to this weakened environment as we close 2011 and move into 2012. And then, just an overall view of the opportunities that are before us and how we plan to executive on our strategies as we move forward. Our strategy of course remains the same. It revolves around our five operating priorities. Diversified client acquisition where we look to leverage our strength and household acquisition via client referrals, advertising and independent advisors but also with the additional efforts that are intended to diversify the way that we acquire new household initiatives like our independent branch strategy as well as our index oriented 401(k) program. Second operating priority win-win monetization and these are efforts that are grounded in the best interest of our clients that simultaneously increase the revenue that Schwab earns per dollar of client assets. Long-term retention, this is our fundamental focus on client service. The user friendly technology, great value, consistency of approach and personal relationships all designed to help ensure that clients once acquired remain long-term profitable clients of our firm. Expense discipline, a trade at the core of our management team. Discipline and the ability and willingness to make trade authorization I think theyve not only kept our firm focused but its enabled us to make some significant investments of late in strategic areas. Of course all while continuing to operate the firm at an extraordinarily low expense rate, approximately 20 basis points when you mention that against client assets. And then fifth, certainly not least important, effective capital management and this revolves around our clear understanding that shareholders and trust, our management with our capital and the responsibilities of the company that trust that we effectively deploy their capital on ways that will yield long-term profitable growth and return, excess capital back to shareholders and ways that are considered most friendly to them. Lets talk a little bit about our approach and how it applies to our various constituencies. We think that the approach continues to demonstrate great results with our clients and thats illustrated by our ongoing client growth and of course our successful win-win monetization. Our core client net assets continue to lead the investing industry and of course we continue to add large volumes of new households and accounts. In terms of monetization, on a monthly basis somewhere between 3,000 and 5,000 of our retail investing clients choose to transition from being self-directed to one where Schwab provides ongoing portfolio advisory services and of course in return for that we get an asset base fee. And I think just as importantly because it is a win-win monetization concept the clients who choose to retain thus for these types of services typically end up with a far more diversified portfolio one that more exclusively takes into account the risk profile and tolerances. And over the long-term thats going to lead to not only better outcomes for our clients but to a more stable and consistent client base. We know that from a revenue standpoint, these efforts are continuously building and growing our asset management revenue stream that serves two purposes. The first one is it continues to further diminish our reliance on equity trading commissions. A revenue stream that we consider to be not only highly volatile but one that we believe is going to continue to experience significant downward pressure over the coming years and at the same time the growth on our asset management revenue stream continues to provide a ballast for us against the extraordinarily low rate environment that we all know that we are operating in today. Lets go on and talk a little bit about our strategic approach in terms of its ability to deliver long-term value for our shareholders. As Ive indicated many times in the past, this is really managements goal. Our focus is on this long-term earnings growth and one way that we can and do actually measure our progress on an ongoing basis against this goal particularly in difficult times like today is we look to evaluate our earnings per share power or what we call internally our EPS power. And this particular slide is one way of doing so. What we illustrate in this slide is we took Q2, 2008. That was our all-time record quarter in terms of operating earnings. It may seem a little a little bit unusual to many. Many may think it was back in the internet hay days. But, it was actually in the second quarter of 2008. We are in $0.27 operating during that period. We took the environment that was in place in the second quarter of 08 and thats in terms of interest rates, equity markets, trading volumes. Of course Q2, 2008 was not an exceptional quarter by any means. Discount rate was 2%. I think S&P ended the quarter at slightly less than 1,300. And then, we applied these identical environmental factors to the same calendar quarter so, Q2, 2011. And when we did so, our earnings per share have been just shy of $0.40 well over a $1.50 annualized. Just put that in perspective for everyone. It took almost 35 years to get to $0.27 earnings per share and just three years later, I might add three very difficult years later, we grown that earnings per share power over 40%. This is why we are confident and this is why we remained confident in both our ability to deliver these types of results in improved environment, but also they continue to grow our EPS power despite the difficult environment that were in. Lets go on at this point and talk a little bit about some nearer-term issues with the environment and with our strategy. As weve discussed over the last 12 months or so, our strategy as we came into 2011 was that we were going to accelerate out of the expected curve that we anticipate it would be brought on by a stabilizing economic environment and of course the goal behind that was to advance our competitive position in a number of areas. To put it in context in terms of numbers were on track increase our project spending from around $130 million in 2010 to somewhere around $190 million this year. And of course that additional investment would enable us to make significantly forward relative to competition in number of areas and that are outlined here on this slide, I wont walk through all of them Two of them are also up there very important near the top of the page and that is longer term initiatives our branch franchising model and our index for in 401(k). What weve seen is that these investments are already starting pay off in terms of growth in the client base, client assets, retention as well as monetization. I dont want to walk through all of them, but let me just call out some prove points on a couple of these for you. Fixed income, an area where we have greatly expanded our capabilities, our access to fixed income for our clients particularly in the muni area. We estimate that we captured about $10 billion of incremental market share with our efforts there and keep in mind that our retail investing clients who own individual bonds, they hold between 200 and $300 billion in assets outside of our firm at competitors and of course those are assets we are targeting. In terms of advisory offers, in the past 12 months weve converted approximately 50,000 retail self-directed accounts, something over $15 billion. That puts us with over $100 billion in retail advisory accounts with ongoing fees. Windhaven is a part of that, just again illustration it took Windhaven about 15 years to get the $4 billion in assets and about one year later weve almost doubled that. From a reco or a revenue standpoint as we convert clients into fee based advisory solutions that are in their best interest, at also increases our revenue because we average in the 70 to 75 basis point range revenue for us. Lastly I just want to mention a little bit around mobile, very interesting metrics. We introduced our mobile depositing capability about six months ago. Today, again only six months later almost 40% of all deposits made to Schwab Bank are done via a mobile device. Rather extraordinary percentage in just six months, it shows the power of putting tools in the hands of clients to give them a better experience and of course prove point on measuring that clients who are taking advantage of our mobile deposit capability have nine point higher client promoter score than those who are not. Lets talk a little about near-term and in terms of financial results because at the same time that weve been making these significant investments in our clients, I think the proof is on the page that weve demonstrated the clear ability to deliver improving financial results in terms of revenue and earnings and weve done that without rising interest rate environment, putting wind at our back. Just as an example over the period in which rates were relatively flat. So, from early 201 through the middle of 2011 we delivered 22% revenue growth, 77% earnings growth, I think if you look year-to-date through the first three quarters of 2011 compared to the first three quarter of 10 it was about 15% revenue growth, 27% earnings growth. I think it should be clear from this is that we do not need interest rates to rise in order deliver solid growth and improvement in our financial performance. There is substantial growth that is going on underlying within the firm in terms of the client base, asset growth as well as the ability to monetize and when you combine this revenue growth with our scalable model, were able to driver higher revenue and earrings simply when interest rates remain relatively level. So I just think a very important point to make and you can see illustrated from this slide which shows both the average 10 years as well as the fed rates. We do not need interest rates to rise in order deliver meaningful improve financial results. Now at this point I am going to and transition over to Joe I think we all recognize that one of the challenges that is over the last 60 days or so we havent been dealing with a stable interest rate environment, has started to decline and been under pressure. So Joe let me turn it over to you and have you pick up on some of that as well as our planned responses.
Joseph Martinetto: All right, thanks, Walt. Well, I think as you said, the first half of the year was characterized as a period of relative stability, the second half of the year has been anything but that and the third quarter we saw S&P dropped by about 14% from beginning to and that dropped the market values knocked about 200 billion after the values of our clients portfolios. We also saw real volatility in the rate market with a 10 year treasury dropping about 125 basis points from start to end of the third quarter. Even with those pressures in the market, we were able to hold revenues about flat versus Q2 in the third quarter although that does include one month of options expressed results inside of our financials. Expenses ticked up a little bit as we have some cost related to closing of the transaction and we also have some continued investment to drive some of the initiatives that Walt has referred to. As a result to putting all that together net income dropped modestly from Q2 and Q3, but we were about flat with where we were in operating basis versus the year ago. So now lets turn our attention to the remainder of 2011. Clearly when you look at the scenarios that we laid out earlier in the year that year that weve lived through here has been much more close to the conservative scenario rather than more aggressive one. Even then, its hard to say that 6.5% steady market depreciation that we predicted is anywhere near where weve actually experienced. And as of today even with the rebound that weve seen in the beginning of the fourth quarter, were still little bit below in market valuations where we started the year. On top of that the rate picture here, rate is deteriorated significantly from a flat rate scenario as weve seen rates are all across the curve continue to push down. Still, were on track to deliver results that are consisting with or even slightly better than which indicated in that more conservative scenario. Both revenues and expenses are likely to be a little bit higher than what are indicated in that scenario as a result of having options expressed acquisition run through our numbers here in the last fourth months of the year. Regarding the acquisition, we had about $10 million of after tax cost related to the transaction and the third quarter results, we expect about 4 million more pretax cost here in Q4, out of that $55 million of integration cost that we disclosed that when we announced the transaction. And then we also expect options expressed on a run rate basis to add about 15 million of expense about $3 million of that is the amortization of the intangibles created in transaction. So with three quarters already in the books and really solid the year-to-date results. Weve been  we would have been on track to significantly outperform the scenario that we laid out from the more conservative case and not for the more recent changes in the environment. Its not any surprise to anybody who follows the company that, were sensitive to declining interest rates and that the impacts of what weve seen here in the few months are going to weigh on the result for the fourth quarter. So lets talk about that in some more detail. As we look at the rate picture, Ive talked about LIBOR in the past as being the good proxy for rate that we see at the short end of the market and LIBOR has moved up recently which will help somewhat to the extent that we do want some LIBOR based letting mortgage backed securities in the bank investment portfolio. However and its a big however, weve seen a break in the domestic cash markets and LIBOR and its large has been impacted by the issues that weve seen developed in the euro zone region Europe late and the fact of matter is due to credit concerns were not buying European Paper that would benefiting most from the higher LIBOR levels. Over the course of the last quarter we continued to see pressure on cash market yields more in line with what weve seen in terms of responses in the treasury market overall and the declines in rates in the cash market have continued to put pressure on money fund fee waivers. Weve also seen a big decline across the longer end of the curve. I talked about the 125 basis points that we saw treasuries move down in the third quarter. I think everybody knows we got to a low of 172 basis points before bouncing back to todays trading range that seems to be somewhere between 210 and 225. I just remind everybody that in the first half of the year we were solidly north of 3% on that 10 year treasury so this is still with the recovery a pretty material decline in that long-term rate. Thats going to impact us in the number of different ways. First, any new client cash that come on to the balance sheet is going to be invested at lower yields. Second, prepayments have picked up, which means that weve got more money that weve got to put to work in todays environment with these lower yields. And then finally, the amount of premium that we have to amortize from our bond portfolio picks up with prepayments and that puts some pressure on our near-term net interest margin. So let me get it into a little bit more detail about what that looks like for the fourth quarter as well as what we thought about 2011. If rates stay about where they are right now, we would expect our fourth quarter net interest margin to decline to 165 basis points or so in the fourth quarter. Thats lower than weve indicated for the fourth quarter in the past. The biggest driver there is the increase that well see in premium amortization in the fourth quarter of rate stay here. We would expect the impact of that premium amortization to be about nine basis points on our net interest margin. So if you excluded that impact we would be back up into the mid to low 170s, which is much more consistent with the numbers that weve talked about in the past. The other drivers of the decline are the fact is that you would expect that are normally inherent in the portfolio. Weve got new cash inflows, weve got normal portfolio cash flows, weve got higher prepayments all driving cash that have to get put into the markets at lower rates and all of those things put some pressure on the margin. Our outlook is as we look to 2012 really depends on your view for long-term rates. To the extent that rates stay about here, we would expect that the pressure  the ongoing pressure on net interest margin to be relatively modest and we would see rates in the 160 or margins in the 160 area as move to the end of next year. If rates go back down to 175 on the 10 year, that will put significantly more pressure on our net interest margin as we move through the year, as we would expect prepayments to stay high and a lot more of the portfolio that have to get invested at lower rates through the course of the year. And again you can see in that scenario, we would predict the net interest margin could fall as low as the 140 basis points. So there are a lot of things that we dont know about next year and the rate environment at this point and well back in the January or winter business update to give you some more details on how we see these all coming through. But we wanted to give you an early idea of how were thinking about net interest margin at this point. Of course any growth that weve seen balances will help to offset some of the pressure on net interest income. So thats something that we definitely continue to see growth in the balance sheet as clients continue to bring cash on to the  into company. And another initiative that were looking at is right now were trying to move between 4.5 and $5 billion of cash thats sitting and brokerage cash over into the bank suite product. And the letters actually went out on these to clients about a week ago. This spread pick up here is material and the reserve portfolio with the broker dealer, the yield write down was about 13 basis points because were so constrained in terms of what were allowed invest in there. On the bank side the average marginal rate right now is around 150 basis points. So were getting almost 140 basis points of incremental spread by seeing that money move from the brokerage over to the bank. Were not going to require any additional capital to make this move because the money is already sitting on our balance sheet its just moving from one entity to another and not putting any additional pressure on the overall size of the balance sheet. So when the money moves the leverage ratio and consolidation will stay unchanged. We will have to put some additional money into the bank to top it up to 7.5% leverage ratio target, but weve got more than enough cash on hand to make that infusion and hold the bank to that capital level. So, were not going to need to raise any additional funding or any additional capital to support this move. I mentioned in the press release that we saw on money fund fee waivers from the declining cash rates. And you can see here in Q3 that we saw the money fund fee waivers move up to $160 million from 128 in Q2. If rates stay where they are today, wed expect that fee waivers could pick up to about $165 million in Q4 and then would stay at about that level as we moved into 2012. I just remind people that money funds continue to be a really important part of our overall client offering as well as an important of that longer term earnings power that Walt referred to. Even in this market where money funds are facing real challenges from a competitive yield standpoint, we continue to see the overall earrings contribution power of funds grow over time is represented by the overall size of the bars here in the chart. As we put all of this together and start to put together our outlook from next year. We believe in environment where rates stay about flat, well be able to offset the incremental pressure thats been created from the recent decline in rates with the growth that well experience in the core client franchise as well as the impact from the book transfer that I referenced earlier. In an environment where revenues will be roughly flat, weve look to keep our core Schwab expenses also roughly flat. And that comment on revenues excludes any impacts from the options expressed acquisition. To achieve flat expenses, were going to have to do a little bit of fine tuning in our expense space here, but its pretty modest as we look to get some of our assets in places where they are going to most needed. We would expect that well probably see restructuring charges in the range of $5 to $10 million here in the fourth quarter as we go through that exercise, but its going to be substantially smaller amount of restructuring impact than what we saw in the early part of 2009 and the last time we did some cost reduction efforts. From a trajectory standpoint, this environment looks a fair amount like what we experienced in the late part of 2008 when we had a really rapid decline in interest rates and then it took some period of time for us to absorb that impact in our financials. So we may see something similar in terms of earnings projection from here where we go through a period of bottoming out before we see a return to growth and profitability later in the year. And again well be able to provide some more information about that as we get to the business update in the winter period. Moving on quickly to some of the more normal pages that people would expect me to cover on capital and liquidity here. The balance sheet did top of $100 billion in the third quarter, some of that driven by organic growth, some of that driven by the acquisition of options expressed. You can also see the impact of the options expressed acquisition in the capital line where the share issuance from the transactions reflected there. Parent cash still sits around $1.2 billion, so again gives us plenty of room to be able to top up the bank capital ratios and still have a substantial cash balance at the parent company. And then finally on this slide, all of our capital ratios remain just about in line with theyve been the offshore for several quarters. And last but not least on the credit front, well take a quick run through this. Our money front holdings of European Paper are on the low end for the competitive set and were concentrated in holdings and safe names in geographies. Were out of all the places youd expect us to be out of given how long this cycle has taken to develop. On the lending side, there is not a lot that I think we need to spend time on here as the metrics are virtually unchanged from where they were in the last quarter. And now Ill hand it back to Walt for some concluding remarks.
Walter Bettinger: Thanks, Joe. Let me just wrap up our prepared comments with the quick summary and a recap of what we spoke about our strategies working for clients and its clear that even in a stable interest rate environment, weve demonstrated the ability to deliver revenue and earnings growth. Again we dont need interest rates to go up in order to deliver growth. As a result were going to stay committed to our long-term strategies. Both as they relate to serving clients and also as they relate to our confidence and our ability to deliver earnings per share growth for our stockholders. At the same time we want to be realistic, we recognized the deteriorating environment brought on by the European crisis and additional actions taken by the fed is put a bump in the road for us so were going to respond, well respond appropriately. Our response is not going to be one that risks derailing our long-term strategy. Were not going to risk derailing the quality of our clients experience with us. Were going to remain focused on producing results in the near-term, but really we strive to manage the company for a long-term shareholder value through the cycle. Were going to continue invest in our competitive position and of course we will continue to build our earnings per share power, the ultimate way that well deliver results for our shareholders. So, maybe with that Rich, why dont we go ahead and lets transition to the Q&A part of our meeting.
Rich Fowler: Okay. As we start that off. Operator, can I ask you to remind us how the process will work to ask a question over the phone.
Operator: Yes, sit. (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Rich Repetto.
Walter Bettinger: Okay.
Richard Repetto  Sandler ONeill & Partners: Hello, Rich and Walt.
Rich Fowler: Hi, there.
Richard Repetto  Sandler ONeill & Partners: This is Rich Repetto.
Rich Fowler: Hi, Rich.
Richard Repetto  Sandler ONeill & Partners: I guess Walt and Joe. I guess the question is on this ultra-transfer that you outlined, we actually wrote about that today. But the  how do you determine you picked I think you said 5 billion or somewhere around there. What was the cut off, you have 27 billion or somewhere around there of the cash. So what determine that you cut it off at 5 billion and then can you give us the timing and you just incorporate in the NIM guidance that you gave Joe, the 140, 160 guidance?
Joseph Martinetto: Timing wise this is going to happen late Q4, early Q1 so, around the end of the year. Yes, it was incorporated into the guidance but its not going to help Q4 any because its going to be very late in the quarter. On the sizing, I think youve seen this move through a series of these kinds of moves over the years and there are a lot of factors that we consider as we think about these things. We started moving money fund balance first because quite frankly they have the biggest impact in terms of long-term value creation because the differences in what we were going to pay versus what we were going to earn was the most incremental revenue driver if you looked in a normalized rate environment in a little long run. So, we started there and largely completed the money fund moves with the move over a year ago now. So, weve not started looking to other places where we might be able to incremental benefit from these kinds of moves. This really ends up being constrained a bit by capital and cash levels. This isnt capital intensive as I referenced but it is going to take $350 million or so parent company cash to support this. Its marginal from a revenue perspective to the extent that the cash is on hand. But, its not quite the same math you think about having to go out and raise money to be able to make the whole transaction work. So, its gated a bit by the amount of cash weve got on hand, what our target cash-in capital levels are and how all of that comes together to create a potential opportunity.
Richard Repetto  Sandler ONeill & Partners: Okay. Joe, just one follow-up on that then. If you build cash then over the next couple of quarters as you will. Would you  is there more opportunities, so there is no customer constrain. Again, you have 27, 26 billion of this in your suite pipe. So, there is potential to sweep more if you compare from the capital standpoint.
Joseph Martinetto: Rich, I think we would consider additional, what we want to recognize the dynamics are different based on the source of the cash thats on the  in the broker whether it be retail cash or cash from clients of registered investment advisor. So, its not necessarily that all 27 billion is something that we would consider. But, there may be additional incremental opportunity that cash and capital ratios permitting that we would pursue.
Richard Repetto  Sandler ONeill & Partners: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: So, your next question comes from the line of Howard.
Howard Chen  Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning everyone.
Walter Bettinger: Hey, Howard.
Joseph Martinetto: Good morning, Howard.
Howard Chen  Credit Suisse: Walt, in terms of the net new asset growth for the franchise. I know its a difficult environment out there. But, is it still your thought that growth will remain somewhat depressed in this your interest rate environment or are there any other factors whether they be environmental or competitively that you all are kind of keeping an eye on.
Walter Bettinger: I think the biggest impact on our net new assets has occurred in two area of the firm. One in the 401(k) side where we made a conscious decision over the last couple of years to slow down our rate of growth there because we wanted to be investing and building our capabilities for the introduction of our index oriented 401(k). So, that doesnt get a lot of headline but its had a fairly significant impact in terms of net new assets. In of course, the second one is on the retail side where as many people weve talked about in the past that the upside down relationship between money fund yield and typical bank deposit yield has really hurt our net new assets. It doesnt really affect the advisor business as much because investors, affluent investors working with advisors dont tend to put their cash to be invested with the advisor. So, we have much lower cash waiting period. But, on the retail side, we tend to get more of the clients wallet. So, we do have the cash and clients make a rational decision. When they come into wealth, whether it be the sale of a home or a bonus from their employment or sale of a business, they make a rational decision on where to put the cash and when money funds were yielding 1 basis point and bank deposit yields are measurably higher, we tend not to attract that cash. So, I think the environmental factors are far and away the largest impact in terms of net new assets. The one other factor that is at least worth acknowledging is that we have taken a much more stringent look in the last couple of years on the quality of net new assets. Net new assets are not all created equal both in terms of the revenue they generate as well as the potential risks that they create for the firm and we have tried with diligence to ensure that we are actually bringing on revenue producing new assets as well as assets that dont sit in vehicles that had incremental risks to our company.
Howard Chen  Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks, Walt. Thats very helpful. And then, if I add your commentary and Joe together the flexibility point in the model in this tough environment seems to be the firms ability that can contain expenses. But, Im curious on revenues do you see any ability to tweak value propositions in a way that doesnt disrupt the client value proposition or experiences you see it and second Joe, just how would you gauge kind of the timeline to more concrete capital and leverage guidance so maybe youll be able to kind of move or shift that 7.5% target over time. Thanks.
Walter Bettinger: Ill take the first one and let Joe take the second one. Howard, we look very carefully at the client value proposition and the potential benefits that we could derive from an earnings standpoint in the near-term with the changes. But, changes in our pricing model or for that matter you referenced on the revenue side. But, reduction and expenses it will impact client experience. I think our view is that with the long-term perspective those types of changes are not ones that we would put on the table today. Our value proposition is strong. I think its yielding the quality organic growth. I think again, you see it reflected in our numbers. When rates just stay level, were able to drive significant growth as illustrated. So, to make near-term decisions to try to cut off a little bit of the trough that occurs when you have this punishing decline that weve had in the last few months. To make decision, to cut off a little bit of that trough which have a long-term implication are not things that we are likely to be going to consider. Joe, Im going to turn to you on the capital side.
Joseph Martinetto: Okay, thanks Walt. On the capital side, I dont have a whole lot of new to add at this point. I think weve been talking for a quarter or so about going through stress test exercise meaning the capital plan to the set using that is the background for the dialogue and I think were still on track for that exercise. So, that will get turned in early in January and then well use that as the vehicle to open the conversation with the various regulators. Were in kind of gray periods as weve talked about being a truthful company where our regulators gone but our chargers not, we are not captured in all of this specific regulations that wrap up a lot of the banks of similar kinds of size or balance sheet. Its probably the safest way to put that. But, that said, this is a long-term game for us while we are not necessarily constrained in our ability to do certain things. We want to make that we are fostering the right kind of relationship with regulators that were going to have to work with for a long time. So, were going to  well move it this at an appropriate pace. Were going to make sure that weve got appropriate support for our arguments. Were going to try to build that long-term relationship in a way that lets us get to the place that we think is appropriate around capital management and when we get there we will have more that well be able to say about that. But, its going to take us a little bit of time to work through that and get to a point where weve got a real comfort level around our ability to deliver on capital management for the long run here.
Howard Chen  Credit Suisse: Great, thanks. That will make sense. And then, finally Joe, quick one on the numbers, that 1.2 billion that you referenced about parent. Where would you be comfortable taking that to I guess if we  if the ball transfer took up 400 million and in generating more than the 800 million is that kind of a level of comfort on the bottom that youre willing to kind of take that buffer too. Thanks.
Joseph Martinetto: Thats the reasonable number for now. Historically, we use to talk about keeping 12 months of our fixed obligation in cash of the parent company. At 800 million its almost twice what that number would be. So, thats still a pretty healthy buffer to any kind of cash liquidity means if the holding company. So, I think were getting more comfortable with our ability to work that number down. Were probably not ready to go all the way down to that long-term target at this point. So, there is a little bit more flexibility, but, were going to have to watch out the environment develops before were willing to get all the way back down to that kind of a number.
Howard Chen  Credit Suisse: * Perfect. Thanks for taking the questions.
Joseph Martinetto: Okay, before we go to another call question. One of the web console questions came in maybe we just need to keep on the regulatory thing for a second. Weve had a query about what we think is going on the money market fund regulatory side and any risks et cetera or opportunity we might see on that front. So, Walt will cover that.
Walter Bettinger: I cant respond to any question on money fund without registering once again the fascination I have with additional regulatory reform after the changes in 2a-7. When you think about I believe reserve portfolio eventually paid out I believe $0.99 or there about. There has been far more money lost in banks depositories over the years with amounts in excess of FDIC coverage than I believe is likely been lost in money funds. But, the fascination continues with additional money fund and regulatory change.  We could have many debates has to why that is. But, in any even there is of course a series of proposals around money fund that all are designed to play some incremental responsibility on a party whether it be the investor, be it some form of holdback as to their ability to sell, whether it be the sponsored of some form of capital requirement or whether it be some form of subordinated type of investor who would agree to be last one out and take some form of higher yield in a different share class. There is a whole variety of different proposals. I think fundamentally for us and within our business model, we think that money funds are in the way we manage them and I cant speak for others. But, the way we manage them we feel very comfortable with the current environment. The 2a-7 changes have certainly brought down potential risk. If in fact, we were to get something that was fairly dramatic in terms of one of those three regulatory changes, we have been serving and evaluation work with our client base. And our client base would like be a very comfortable with prime funds, maybe no longer being offered and clients would move into (inaudible) treasury fund if in fact they were subject to less risk of either have variable or some of these other burdensome changes.  So, again I think we feel fairly comfortable depending on how this unfolds. Although, as you can tell by my comments we have a degree of frustration around the ongoing initiatives that are likely to have an impact on money funds. But, I think no matter how it goes we have alternatives to us that will be favorable to our clients as well as favorable to our shareholder.
Rich Fowler: Okay, well we go back to the phones.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from the line of Ken.
Kenneth Worthington  JPMorgan: Hi, good morning. Ken Worthington from JPMorgan. In terms of the bank, how competitive is Schwab right now in terms of making additional loans. The Schwab being the more competitive in the loan side, less personally you see in NIM. And then, when investing on the bank side, where youre finding the best value. Are yields kind of most attractive to you securities going out three to five years or your buy belling more or less than you have had in the past try to go out kind of longer maturities and shorter maturities or any color on how youre investing will be great.
Walter Bettinger: Again, Ill maybe take the first part of that Ken and then, transfer over to Joe for the capital discussion. I think I rated the bank are actually quite competitive and our loan growth rate and this is the double edge sword of course. Its likely constrained to some extent by the strategies that we undertake which largely result in our lending are being done within people who are existing clients at Schwab. Now, that said, we do have a number of initiatives underway to expand the breadth of our lending offer. For example, pledge asset loan program and the number of other initiatives that are along those lines. But, I think our rates overall are fairly competitive and not a barrier to the rate of growth of our lending book within primarily out client base. Joe, Im going to turn over for you question on investing.
Joseph Martinetto: Sure. We are witnessing an interesting times here when it comes to trying to figure out exactly where your portfolio sets in and what is characteristics are. The biggest challenge here as this ultralow level of interest rates, the prepayments model are not performing well. Now, thats probably euphuism for some of them look to be feeling somewhat severely here. So, trying to understand exactly what we think we own in terms of duration at this point and keeping ourselves invested appropriately. Its little bit more arts and science I think in the market right now. As we are looking at the portfolio in response to the most recent changes. Weve seen our portfolio shorten a little bit here. So, we are looking to reinvest marginal cash flows, no longer out the curve probably in a greater proportion of fixed rate versus floating rate asset in the moment. With nothing changed about our strategy or philosophies but were having to change tactics a bit to drive our portfolio back out to that two-year duration point which is what weve targeted for a mark period of time. So, were being relatively aggressive in terms of our acquisition of fixed rates assets at this point trying to get ourselves back out to that two-year kind of duration. So, that 45, 55 marginal fixed floating investment is tilted up a little bit higher on the fixed side. But, it doesnt imply that were trying to add duration to the portfolio as much as were just trying to get back to the target duration. Challenging in this market to find a whole lot of places that we think are offering great value that every place that weve pursued and weve been pretty aggressive over the course of last two years. Weve jumping in as weve seen assets begin to trade again to try to take advantage of spreads that we thought were superior in the market. Other have done the same thing and weve seen most of the goods spreads keep pushed out of the market. The couple of places where weve been more aggressive in the last couple of quarters than maybe weve been in the past. Multifamily agency has been a good place for us to put some money to work. one in terms of the spreads, two in terms of because of little bit inflation from prepayment risk because those assets work more like soft bullets than amortizing portfolios. And then also, CMBS. Weve been buyer of certain components of CMBS as weve seen that market comeback to life. But again, there weve been very conservative on the credit front. Weve got some pretty rigid parameters. Weve some more deals than we buy. But, were still seeing an opportunity to pull a little bit money to work there at some pretty attractive deals.
Kenneth Worthington  JPMorgan: Great. That was very helpful. Thank you.
Rich Fowler: Okay. Well do one more from the web. This one covers any comments on the initial response to the new 401(k) offering and how we see that shaping up.
Walter Bettinger: Thanks, Rich. Actually a question about growth, something that were excited about. The early response and of course weve been doing it soft launch to-date just speaking primarily with existing clients as well as weve had a fair number of sponsors who have become aware of our offering from communications with the investment community who have reached out to us and the response has been very, very favorable. We actually already have a number of plans that well be converting in the next few months although we wont formally announce the program for a little bit further out into the future. But, I think the timing is perfect. Youve got the disclosure issue.  You got increasing awareness of the fiduciary implications. I think there is a general understanding and recognition among most people that giving individualized professional advice to 401(k) investors is the right thing to do and programs like target funds are fairly a blunt instrument. They try to bundle people together into large groups and give them all the same advice. So, the response has been quite favorable. Again, I expect it to be a real winning program unfolding over the next handful of years for Schwab and at the same time as with all things we try to do at Schwab also something thats going to give better outcomes to the end client.
Joseph Martinetto: Okay. Why dont we go back to the phone?
Rich Fowler: Okay. Next question comes from the line Bill.
William Katz  Citi: Yes, hi. Bill Katz from Citi. Thanks for taking my question, I appreciate it. Just coming back to the money market discussion for a moment, two-part question. The first part, just given some of the changes that going on even before considering the more on those changes. Do you still feel you have the same kind of earnings leverage recovery as rates rise and then secondarily if the more honest outcome were to past and the business would to tilt more towards the government and munis relative to the prime what might that mean in terms of the incremental earnings recovery.
Joseph Martinetto: I think we feel fairly confident in the earnings recovery from the current model. We would  and by that Im not referring to any form of recapture of late fees at this point. Im just referring to the capture of ongoing fees that would otherwise have been waved. I think at a 50 basis point growth investment, we recovered the vast majority and certainly as you get to the next quarter on top of that, youre recovering all of what we are waiving today. I think we feel fairly confident in that. If you get some of the more draconian changes, it just depends on how they unfold. So very, very low and modest capital levels are things that might be workable but when you get up much above 1% capital. Certainly, as you get up in the two, three, four range. Its not a model that is likely to be successful on an ongoing basis and if we ended up in environment where money fund  prime money funds for retail investors were no longer viable. Again, as I indicated I think that we would see a conversion for business model like ours to (inaudible) treasury type funds.  The potential implication that if you play it all the way out is that youre  you have the opportunity for your yield spread advantage in a more normalized rate environment to not be as wide relative to bank deposit rates. But, of course there are big assumptions in that. One of them is how aggressive will banks be on deposit rates as they look to rebuilt their capital basis and cover a lost revenue stream elsewhere in new business model are there in fact going to see that potential decline in yields for retail investor as a further opportunity for them to maybe have their deposit rates a little bit lower. So, there is an awful lot of dynamics we would have to unfold in a projection of the competitive implication of prime funds disagreeing for retail investors. Good question.
William Katz  Citi: If I may, I just have one more question. Just sitting back for a moment based on your guidance it seems like youre facing the most likely scenario flatter earnings growth for yet another year for lot of that is because you cant control but thats the reality. Given at that job, where are you in terms of the acquisition appetite you so let off strategically in terms of things youve done and you said in the past you dont want to do some sort of hurry deals. But, as that shifted it all in any way that may improve the trajectory of the growth either from a scalable transaction or diversification of business transaction?
Joseph Martinetto: We look very diligently at every opportunity that comes along and just try to evaluate it in terms of the best interest of our shareholder over the long-term and thats going to take into account whether it would be a scale transaction or any form of acquisition that would fill in a whole in our client offering if we that one existed. I will say that we are not anxious to take on balance sheet challenges that would  that run the risk of derailing the long-term opportunity for us to deliver to shareholder. Again, I reference back to the slide I showed on taking the Q2 08 environment and applying it just simply three years later and what weve done to our EPS power. We want to deliver that and plan to deliver that for our shareholders. We wouldnt want to take again actions that appeared inappropriate and derail that simply by chasing some form of acquisition. So, were going to very careful. We look at everything I guess in summary. But, I cant imagine as considering seriously something that would put that earnings growth at risk down the line.
William Katz  Citi: Okay. Its very helpful. Thanks for your answers.
Joseph Martinetto: Any other question on the phone.
Rich Fowler: Your next question comes from the line of Brian.
Brian Bedell  ISI Group: Hi, this is Brian Bedell, ISI Group. Hello, can you hear me?
Joseph Martinetto: Yes.
Brian Bedell  ISI Group: Just a quick question. One on the capital actions. If client deposits increase as a percent of your client, maybe you can remind as where they stand right now as a percentage of client assets. I think it was last time you spoke about around 15, little over 15%. What level if we did get into a tough bear market would you be concerned from a capital perspective and what kind of defenses other than dividend capital from the parent down to the bank could you deploy in that situation.
Walter Bettinger: I think client cash has picked up just a little bit, maybe in the 16ish percent range. But nowhere near the level in late 08 where I believe we got up as high as 25%. We dont see anything on the horizon taking us close to that number. Although of course we all aware and modeling of what that could mean if it did. In terms of if we were to trend significantly up, that cash tends to go a lot of different places. It doesnt just necessarily cumulate on the balance sheet. Still going to money funds, client by CDs from our third party platform. There are a lot of places that the cash goes. Its not just simply racing to the balance sheet.
Brian Bedell  ISI Group: And so is rate sort of a ratio that you are like to really maximum ratio that youre comfortable with before taking other defensive action?
Joseph Martinetto: First of all, ratio on the client side than it is what that leverage ratio and number gets to be at the holding company. So, it was about 6.5% leverage ratio in action versus 6% internal target. Weve got about 50 basis points of room. So, weve got pretty good size buffer for balances that entries before we have begun to think about alternative capital movements. We also have some actions that we could take. There are still some rate sensitive balances on the balance sheet. So, we could look to modify some pricing to see if we can mitigate some of the flows on to the balance sheet. So, there are number of things that we could do before we ever get to capital and weve got a pretty good size capital buffer still inherited in the way were running the company.
Brian Bedell  ISI Group: Okay, great. And then, just one follow-up maybe more towards the growth angle. Here recent apartment ruling about widening access to employers sponsored plans for investment advice obviously plays well into your business model. Can you talk also a little about your timing of how quickly you think the indexing an ETS 401(k) plan will gain traction in terms of converting new plans over to that format that something well see very significant traction over the next couple of years. But, do you still think this is a longer-term trend thats going to gain traction more slowly.
Walter Bettinger: In terms of the Department of Labor publication that sort of an endorsement of the way mostly weve been operating for a period of time and its an endorsement of the way that weve designed this program, which uses a third-party advice engine so that we dont have an input or impact in what the advice engine splits out. So, were just simply delivering that advice. So, the announcement was in line with how weve designed the program. My anticipation is that this is going to gain traction fairly quickly. Now, in terms of its impact within our financial results given the size of our company, thats going to take a few years I think before youre likely to say, thats a financial driven impact from this program. It might show up earlier within metrics, yes, you could see it affecting NAA. Bear in mind, weve largely not pursued new retirement plan business for a couple of years. So, as we just simply begin to be out there a bit more aggressive in the market, you like to see a uptick in metric. But, flowing through to the P&L, its likely to build over a period of time. Although, Id like to say I would welcome the opportunity, youll be pleasantly surprised and have it have a bigger impact even sooner.
Brian Bedell  ISI Group: And do you think it could you close to the 8% organic growth rate say in the next 12 months or be it four months from now.
Joseph Martinetto: I think thatll be tall task to expect a one new program to do that. But, I do think it could start to make some progress towards that number.
Brian Bedell  ISI Group: Great. Thanks so much.
Joseph Martinetto: Another phone question.
Rich Fowler: Yes, there is an online question from the line of Michael.
Michael Carrier  Deutsche Bank Securities: Thanks guys. Mike Carrier, Deutsche Bank, Just  well, maybe on the transition that youve been seeing mainly like the advisory services. I guess when you look at your client base, maybe the asset balances but at what portion other business do you think can transition over to the advisory type of product that service in overtime.
Walter Bettinger: The retail business today I believe is between 600 and $700 billion assets. We are up over 700 billion. Of course, prior to the client that youve referenced where weve lost about 200 billion of market cap or Im sorry of client to market values. And right now, weve little over 100 billion of that. Although, we havent really want to put out percentages around it, I think our view is that there is a significant amount of that 600 some hard billion today that can eventually move over into the advisory based solution. And so, it continues to be a big, big opportunity. I wouldnt put it in the category Mike, weve just scratched the surface but I also wouldnt put it in the category that we are anywhere near sort of at the limit as to what the opportunity is. Every day as you saw by the numbers we are having 100s of conversations and every month 3,000 to 5,000 more investors decide that theyll be better served having us managed that money and I dont see anything to get away of that trend line. I do think that well continue to build out our capabilities there as we have for example with the acquisition of Windhaven and the better solution we have for clients, we expect even well be able to accelerate that trend.
Michael Carrier  Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, thanks a lot.
Walter Bettinger: Okay. Well, were at the top of hour. We promised well keep folks on time. So, were going to stop there. I know we didnt get to everybody. But, well be speaking with many of you in coming days and weeks. So, well work through questions as we can overtime and then, well look forward to getting the whole group together in the winter update end up January, early February. So again, thanks everyone for spending the time with us and well talk to you soon.
Joseph Martinetto: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect.
