===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Management's First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. During today's discussion, all callers and following management's prepared remarks, the conference call will be opened for questions. Please limit yourself to one question and then rejoin the queue. This conference call is being recorded. This call may contain forward-looking statements and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to Apollo's most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Apollo will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call which management believes are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in Apollo's earnings presentation, which is available on the company's website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Apollo fund. I will now turn the call over to Noah Gunn, Global Head of Investor Relations.
Noah Gunn: Great. Thanks, operator, and welcome again to our call. Joining me to discuss our results and the momentum we're seeing across the business are Marc Rowan, CEO, Jim Zelter, President, and Martin Kelly, CFO. Earlier this morning, we published our earnings release and financial supplement on the Investor Relations portion of our website. As you can see, first quarter results marked a strong start to the year. We generated record fee-related earnings of $559 million or $0.91 per share, spread-related earnings excluding notable items of $826 million or $1.35 per share, and adjusted net income of $1.1 billion or $1.82 per share. In addition, we declared a cash dividend of $0.51 per share of common stock for the quarter ended March 31, representing a 10% increase from our prior quarterly run rate and consistent with the growth trajectory we provided at Investor Day. And with that, I'll now hand it over to Marc.
Marc Rowan: Thank you, Noah. And thanks to all of you joining this morning. As Noah started off, strong results, particularly amid a very volatile market. FRE of $559 million, up 21% year over year, SRE of $826 million excluding notables, AUM of $785 billion, up 17% year over year, record inflows of $43 billion in the quarter inclusive of $26 billion at Athene, solid origination quarter at $56 billion led primarily by platforms and most importantly, fund level returns strong. I'd call out two particular areas in the credit business, 8% to 12% now depending on the fund on an LTM basis and in our hybrid area 19% on an LTM basis. In communicating what's going on in this market, most of the questions I received over the past month have been about the macro. So let me start there. It's never been more important to understand the manager philosophy and thus the direction of the business. You as investors, you should expect divergent paths for public asset managers. For us, purchase price matters in all markets. In debt and equity, in up markets and down markets, purchase price always matters. We are not a current period profit maximizer. That means we are willing to sit things out. We are willing to reduce leverage. We are willing to wait for the fat pitch. We are relentlessly focused on origination as our source of excess return. We are not riding market trends. Hope and prayer, we have found to be very poor business strategies but good strategies for life. Just a quick example of this. ADS was one time leverage in January of 2023. Prudent management of the vehicle took leverage down to 0.5 times in January of 2025. We have earned the right to deploy in this market and we expect an acceleration in returns rather than a reduction in risk. This is a totally different positioning than almost everyone else in the marketplace and reflective of the philosophy by which we run the business. Let me really pivot to macro. The last few years, through Q1, I would describe as hyper U.S. exceptionalism. Money from around the globe found its way into the U.S., primarily into our listed markets and indices. In the equity market, 10 stocks of the S&P 500 stood for 40% of the index. Nvidia alone was larger than the cap of every stock exchange in the world other than Japan, and those 10 stocks reached a height of a 60 PE on a current earnings basis. In credit, BBB corporate spreads tightened below 100 basis points, last time that happened, 27 years ago in 1998. CLOs, tightest spreads in a decade. Every asset manager was offered a choice. They could continue buying into this trend adding risk, adding leverage, reducing credit quality to chase returns. Or they could reduce risk, reduce leverage, prepare for the fat or I should say fatter pitch and rely on proprietary origination try to get them through while public markets and the corollary in private markets did not offer acceptable risk-adjusted returns. For us, we found our return through origination and structure rather than reaching down the credit curve. We have built massive funding and reduced risk. We are well prepared. We believe we are one of the largest active buyers of assets post Liberation Day, $25 billion in April alone, interestingly, mostly in public markets. Public markets were the fastest to adjust from a price point of view, and exhibited what we expect to see going forward. Limited liquidity. The equity market pretty much at all times has liquidity, but investors are discovering what we have been saying for years, there just is no liquidity. In publicly traded fixed income markets and therefore we expect extreme price volatility to the point where sometimes public markets offer better returns on a risk-adjusted basis than private markets. This philosophy impacts the two businesses. In Asset Management, we're sitting with $64 billion of dry powder, really strong investment performance. I'd highlight particularly in private equity. Private equity, their most recent fund, Fund Ten, sitting with a net IRR at the end of the quarter of 19%. Versus 9% for industry peers over the same time period. Strong DPI, Purchase price simply matters. The philosophy and performance and product breadth is resonating with our client base. Jim will talk to you about what's happening in capital formation, but think about the five or six products that are really scaling. ADS is greater than $20 billion in three years. S3, our secondaries business, $10 billion in less than three years. AAA, greater than $20 billion in three years. ABF over $7 billion in less than two years. Accord $8.5 billion in less than two years. We feel good about what we've done. We feel good about the communication we've had with our investors and partners. And they understand our view of markets and how we have prepared for the more volatile environment that we are seeing today. In Retirement Services, the macro trend continued to play out. Exceptionally strong demand for all forms of guaranteed income reflecting both higher rates and an aging population. We saw interesting competitive behavior in Q1. About this, corporate spreads collapsed. Prepays of higher yielding assets hit records, and yet we saw increased competition in the most competitive of the channels for retail sales of fixed annuities as competitors try to make up shortfalls with volume, and by taking on more risk in asset selection. We chose a different direction. Higher spreads made it a great time to fund in less competitive channels. We raised $26 billion in the first quarter and another $10 billion in April. We invested that money more in cash, in treasuries, in agencies, and paying down leverage. That is not without its cost. But it sets us up well in a volatile market. That move toward more cash and less risky assets cost us approximately $15 million in the first quarter and if not deployed will cost us some $30 million for the year. However, $14 billion was invested in April alone at 50 basis points wider spreads than those available in Q1. Lower rates now forecast in excess of those that we discussed at Investor Day plus sizable prepays from the record tight spreads in Q1 will create headwinds. The opportunity for us is a strong asset pipeline of proprietary origination continuation of the wider spreads we're seeing in April and our ability to run the business in a volatile market because we have prepared for it. We run Athene with a principal mindset and a long-term focus. Athene is in an excellent position on an absolute basis relative to nearly all peers, having four different funding channels, which were especially important in Q1. Against the backdrop of strong secular demand for retirement products. And as you can see, we are spring-loaded on both sides of the balance sheet. That does not mean it will be straight up. But we are well prepared for volatility and we will react accordingly with our principal hat on making sure we get the best long-term outcome. Martin will detail for you all the puts and takes for the rest of the year making a more difficult forecast in an uncertain environment but one also filled with opportunity. Let me return for a moment to the industry that we are in. This is not unique to Apollo. This is the entirety of our industry. We have built this industry over forty years out of the smallest bucket of our institutional clients called alternatives. We are fortunate we now have another sizable bucket called individuals. We have a third bucket, which are retirement services companies who have witnessed the success of Athene and are starting to emulate. We also now have institutions who for the first time are entertaining the use of privates. Particularly private investment grade in their fixed income bucket and we expect eventually we'll replace some portion of their public equity buckets with equity that is private. But that's for another day. Most interestingly, over the second half of last year and now the beginning of this year, we're seeing yet another source of demand play out. And that is in the form of traditional asset managers. Traditional asset managers are in the process of redefining what active management is. We always thought of active management as the active buying and selling of stocks and bonds. I now believe we will see active management as the public market beta married with appropriate private market assets in structures that investors understand like mutual funds and ETFs integral funds and otherwise. These traditional asset managers I expect will be large consumers of private assets, will reach clients that our industry probably would not have reached. On its own. Whether we see the interesting innovations in model portfolios, or the interesting partnerships. Or we just look at what we're doing on our own, whether it is access to private credit in a daily liquid wrapper through the State Street PRIV ETF or the income solutions we've launched with Lord Abbott through an interval fund or it's introducing privates into retirement solutions through a target date fund partnered with State Street. Across the board, we are working with traditional asset managers to integrate private assets in an appropriate way into products that we and the industry never really expected. These strong sources of demand, starting with the original institutional base, now moving all the way for traditional asset management, I think portend very well for our industry so long as we are focused as not growing too fast. And too fast to me we are in the business of excess return per unit of risk. Therefore, we are able to grow only as fast as we are able to originate good assets, that offer those risk reward characteristics. Thus, our relentless focus on origination as much as we possibly can across the board in most of the asset classes. We're also seeing interesting innovations across our business that I would call out, not just in traditional asset management, but the early signs of progress in defined contribution in 401(k) and tax-advantaged tokenization in digital markets, structured notes and portfolio solutions. I expect the level of creativity at our firm and in our industry to create interesting opportunities again, boosting demand for private assets. And as you know, I am very bullish. On the demand for private assets. And most days I wake up concerned more about the supply. And thus origination. Uncertainty leads to volatility, volatility historically has been our friend. We would rather have uncertainty from our current position of strength than any other way. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Zelter: Thanks, Marc. I'd like to start by sharing some perspective and view on the recent market volatility. The current administration was clear on their objectives pre and post-election. Want to revitalize American industry, bring back manufacturing, focus on domestic energy production and stimulate the industrial global renaissance. Tariff taxes and regulation are on the three-legged stool to support these objectives. While the tariff should not have come as a surprise, the scope and approach clearly rattle markets. At Apollo, we've been preparing for this environment like this environment and positioning the firm, as Marc mentioned, defensively, anticipation of this market disruption with dry powder and liquidity to thrive. As a reminder, we run our business as an equal opportunity investor. With the ability to pivot between public and private primary and secondary allowing us to focus on the most compelling risk reward. As market structure has evolved and private credit has grown far beyond direct lending, to include vast pools of investment grade assets, we believe our presence has been amplified given the differentiated model and strong relative position to address this broader opportunity set. Our long-dated capital has clearly demonstrated its capacity in the investment grade arena complementing our expertise in the non-investment grade arena over time. In recent months when public markets went no bid, we brought our own bid. This wasn't just liquidity, it was leadership. For some, capital light has become code for heads we win, tails we win, and hopefully our clients do okay. In contrast, our aligned client-centric model along with our principle-driven balance sheet allows our platform a degree of maneuverability that is unmatched. Over many years, we built a platform to deliver stable, strong performance for our clients and Q1 was no exception. Touching on origination, As Marc mentioned, we originated $56 billion of assets during the quarter representing nearly a 30% growth year over year. This result was driven by activity across our diversified channels, platforms, core credit high grade corporate solutions, equity and hybrid. And significant momentum to start the year positions us to hit our full year targets of exceeding last year's level record level of volume. Even with credit spreads at or near generational tights, the advantages of our origination engine shine through. For example, our 16 affiliated platforms and core credit channels we originated nearly $49 billion of assets, at 200 to 250 basis points of excess spread versus comparable rated corporates or 300 to 375 over comparable treasuries. In the first quarter, we observed market tightening of approximately 30 basis points to levels representing generational tights before subsequent widening of 30 to 45 basis points in April. Our origination activity continues to be very broad-based with diversified flow that is not dependent on any one platform or transaction. To deep dive, we originated over $11 billion via the broad sponsor channel in more than 80 different financing opportunities. Showcasing our leading presence and depth connectivity to the market. Just recently, our leadership in the financing for Caro Healthcare sponsored by KKR, is another example where we stepped into a structure at attractive financing solutions in lieu of a broadly syndicated loan package. The sponsor selected of the Apollo led consortium owing to our speed of execution and certainty of closing. We believe wins like this create a flywheel effect where demonstrated results lead us being the first call for solutions to broad clients. Elsewhere, within our infrastructure and energy investing franchise, we signed, committed or deployed over $3 billion during the quarter across a half dozen opportunities across the globe. Highlighting our growing presence to originate with and finance the ongoing global industrial renaissance. This current environment provides an opportunity to stay close to our clients and understand how we can be helpful and best serve their needs. For example, we continue to work closely with our multiple bank partners. The recently announced financing for the Jefferson Carve out of Boeing via our Citi partnership is a great example of our ongoing collaboration. During this time, our scaled durable capital base and structuring our expertise allowed us to offer flexible solutions with certainty for borrowers. As a result, our origination pipeline in a variety of areas with particular focus on high grade capital solutions, and hybrid has never been broader and wider. Turning to capital formation, we generated record quarterly organic inflows of $43 billion across the business comprised of $18 billion from asset management and a remarkable $20 billion from Athene. Our capital formation engine is highly differentiated and less prone to cyclical fundraising dynamics. And our historical strong presence within the institutional channel are building momentum in wealth channel and our market leadership in retirement services is a formidable combination. Within the $18 billion of inflows from asset management in the quarter, approximately 70% went to credit oriented strategies and 30% to equity oriented strategies. With contribution coming from a broad array of investors around the globe. Two strategies in particular Accord plus our opportunistic credit strategy and S3, our sponsor and secondary solutions, both recently held successful final closings that demonstrate that our approach is resonating. S3 equity and Hybrid Solutions Fund One closed with $5.4 billion in commitments bringing total capital raised across the S3 ecosystem to nearly $10 billion since launching three years ago, And Accord plus Fund two closed with $4.8 billion of commitments which when combined with the associated managed accounts brings the capital raise for this strategy to $8.5 billion in less than two years. Global Wealth continues to be an important strategic contributor to our growth and we are extremely excited on the momentum we are seeing in that business. The emergence of the market volatility did not have an observable impact as we generated our best fundraising quarter to date approaching $5 billion in the quarter an 85% year over year increase from 2024. And I would add that that's across 18 separate strategies encompassing our semi-liquid suite as well as a variety of drawdown and QP offerings. Saw notable strength in Asia during the quarter as our offering continues to gain traction in that region. Continue to effectively scale the business with six strategies now above $1 billion in AUM And while still early, the growth trends in the wealth channel are showing signs of durability post liberation date. Athene had an outstanding quarter as mentioned with $20 billion of organic flows, the highest results on record. By channel, inflows were driven by $10 billion from retail, $11 billion from funding agreements and $5 billion in flow reinsurance. Retail flows were led in strength by MYGAs and FIAs, and the FABN issuance was the strongest on record as we leaned in and took advantage of very favorable issuance spreads as Marc mentioned. In flow reinsurance, we capitalized on the strategic opportunity in The U.S. Client a U.S. Client that drove outsized volume. As we progress throughout the year, we continue to expect Athene's mix of new business will look like last year. With strong activity in the funding agreement and retail channel. Athene remains extremely well positioned to serve the enormous needs of the growing retiree population. And executing on this opportunity will enable Athene to durably grow earnings in the future. Our team remains focused on serving our clients and deserving our promise of excess return. We are leaning into areas of imbalance between capital and opportunity, and we've been extremely active in the market over the past month leaning into volatility with size, speed and structure. We are viewed as a partner of choice to provide capital solutions to companies unable to go public provide liquidity solutions to GPs that need realizations, and provide alternate alternative pools of capital to public companies seeking fund diversification or simply CapEx growth. If the client of Dialogue in recent weeks is any barometer of the demand of our services, than the outlook for Apollo is very, very bright. The open architecture and integrated model of our firm allows us to pivot and navigate swiftly in periods of short or extreme volatility. The recent stretch has clearly been one of our busiest in the last few years and we're approaching the opportunity from a position of strength. Since the April, in addition to what Marc mentioned as the IGX activity, of gross $27 billion we have participated in over 40 direct lending or financing transactions and have also seen strong activity in the NAV loan finance sector. Our pipelines remain incredibly robust across our firm. With that, let me turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Rowan: Thanks Jim and good morning everyone. Our Q1 results demonstrate the strength of our platform and our ability to execute in a dynamic environment. I'll quickly walk through our financial results highlight some key drivers that will position the balance of the year. And then touch on capital allocation. FRE, In asset management, we generated $559 million of fee-related earnings for the quarter, a new record FRE grew by 21% year over year and was driven by three components. 18% management fee growth notable strength from credit which grew by 23% capital solutions fees of more than $150 million for the quarter a very strong outcome in view of the emerging volatility. And expense discipline with combined comp and non-comp expenses growing by 11% year over year. The uptick in compensation expense reflects continued investments across our business to execute on our broad set of growth opportunities. 17% overall revenue growth combined with 11% overall cost growth resulted in approximately 200 basis points of FRE margin expansion year over year. Consistent with prior comments, we remain confident in the long-term margin potential of the business and expect to see expansion over a multiyear period as our business continues to scale. Key drivers within our FRE growth plan for 2025 include sustained momentum in global wealth, continued strength in third-party credit more broadly in particular, our asset-backed finance business and our origination platforms and growth in PE adjacent businesses within equity specifically hybrid value and secondaries. Given the momentum we see in the business, we are very confident in our 2025 earnings guidance. SRE, At the same time, Athene's business is facing a number of market-driven uncertainties which I will touch on in a minute. Bain's net invested assets grew by 15% year over year. Driven by record organic inflows with strength across the three channels that Jim just highlighted. We generated $826 million of SRE for the quarter, excluding notable items. Adjusting to our long-term 11% return expectation on the alternative portfolio, will contribute an additional $29 million of investment income. The ALTS return for the quarter came in higher than our pre-release estimates due to positive valuation adjustments amid late quarter volatility. The notable item in the quarter stemmed from a change to how we recognize income on certain derivatives and resulted in a $22 million unfavorable impact within cost of funds within the quarter. In spread terms, net spread ex notables of 129 basis points declined by eight basis points sequentially And you can see the components clearly laid out on the bridge we provide within our earnings presentation. Recall that spread-related earnings and net spread results are partly a function of the environment and partly from proactive choices we are taking to position the business for long-term success. Relative to our SRE target for the year, of $3.5 billion which contemplated an 11% ultra return, We are seeing 1.5 additional rate cuts which is about a $40 million headwind if realized. Competitive pressure in the retail channel of approximately 10 basis points on an assumed $35 billion to $40 billion of volume along with $40 million of headwinds from higher asset prepayments. Those are the headwinds along with the liquidity build that Marc referenced earlier. And collectively, they impact both our net investment income and our cost of funds trends. In view of these dynamics and assuming normalized investment spreads for the balance of the year, instead of the widespread conditions in April. We expect a mid-single-digit growth rate for 2025 off the rebased $3.2 billion starting point. We have an opportunity to earn some of this back based on the deployment pipeline and market volatility providing wider spreads. In which case our growth rate will be higher. While different macro or business variables come into play in any given year, should trust that we'll do sensible things to navigate the environment. And we remain focused on delivering the 10% average growth we laid out within our five-year plan. Turning finally to capital allocation. Deployed over $700 million for share repurchases in the first quarter, including $130 million for opportunistic buybacks. We have done in the past, we will seek to be relatively more active when there are particularly compelling opportunities or dislocation in our share price. Over the last twelve months, we've returned $1.7 billion of capital to shareholders through a combination of dividends and opportunistic share repurchases while also allocating more than $200 million of capital to strategically invest in future growth initiatives. During the quarter, we announced the acquisition of Bridge Investment Group, in an all-stock transaction with an equity value of approximately $1.5 billion. Bridge is an established leader in residential and industrial real estate as well as other specialized real estate asset classes. We believe Bridge will enhance our existing real estate business providing immediate scale and origination capabilities that fit synergistically within Apollo's ecosystem. In particular asset demand from Athene, and Arris, our semi-liquid real estate-oriented products. We look forward to welcoming the Bridge team on board later this year. And we expect the transaction to close in Q3 subject to outstanding closing conditions. And with that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. First question is coming from Glenn Schorr of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Glenn Schorr: Hello there. I apologize in advance. I want to try to simplify the conversation even though you gave us a lot on SRE. And I'm thinking we a couple of years ago, we thought we were growing, you know, I would say, call it mid double digits. We brought that guy down to 11%, and now we're coming down to mid-single digits just this year. I like you being conservative to the environment and waiting for a fat pitch. I like the growth that you've seen. So can we break down the lower SRE on which piece is the conservative part of the investment and what conditions could make you less conservative and put that money to work sooner? And then the flip side of it is we didn't talk that much of there is a higher cost of funds. Cost of funds is up 28%. I'm assuming that's tied to funding agreements. But maybe we could try to simplify between the asset side and the liability side, and then we could understand, which is the conservative piece versus the market environment? Thanks.
Marc Rowan: Okay. It's Marc. I'll do the macro and then Martin will do some of the micro. We underwrite the business on a spread basis and an ROE basis. Some products offer higher spread, but are more capital intensive. Some products lower spread but are more capital efficient. So we also have adjustments in the spread that we earn. Our goal is to run a mid-teens, historically 15% plus ROE business. If we run a 15% ROE business, we are more than covering our cost of equity and we are able to get outside funders to help us fund our business that's the basis on which we want to do business. Recall that to do that business, there's actually three things. That get you to real spread. The first is your asset spread. The second is your cost of liabilities. The third and the one we don't talk about often enough is OpEx, which is very, very low for us on a relative basis. And so now step back and think about what's happened. We went through COVID and COVID offered some of the widest spread business we had ever seen. That business will roll off as you know throughout 2025 and through a portion of 2026. But the volume by which we've been doing business, has been very, very strong because you've seen a significant tick up in volume over the past few years. We've been doing that higher volume business at lighter spread. The conditions we saw in December and in the first quarter were not in my opinion healthy competitive conditions to put risk on the books. Can only imagine what's happening on a competitive basis given that we are 25 basis points ahead just on OpEx before you get to origination. But what we chose to do was to massively increase our use of funding agreements which are the least competitive channel for us. And to pile up cash in Q1. And we do that by increasing cash balances by increasing treasury by increasing agencies and by paying down repo and other forms of leverage including April and as we put money to work. So now to your question of outlook. Outlook is in part driven by the interest rate environment. As you know, we have some sensitivity on a reduced basis to interest rates. But relative to where we had been we now have 1.5 more rate cuts. That is a headwind. We had competitive pressure in Q1 that is also a headwind. However, we saw massive spread widening in the beginning of Q2. When Martin frames the year, question is do we see a return to normal, which is what is presumed and what Martin has said or do we see a continuation of widespread business that we're seeing in April? That will determine the direction. Martin has given you the conservative side of that. Because that is what we do. So the opportunities on upside here, in my opinion, are wider spread derived by a lessening of competitive pressure in the liability origination cost of funds area and a strong pipeline of asset management at widespread which was particularly good and rewarding in April. So that would be my macro, and I'll let Martin add to that and see if we can do better.
Martin Kelly: I would only add, as we look at the earnings profile, ahead of us, there's pieces that we know and can predict with certainty. And that's the behavior of the existing business and how it rolls off over time. Contractually. And then there's pieces of it that are sort of expectations which include prepays. And we obviously make assumptions and estimates about prepays, but given the extraordinarily tight conditions we saw, on spreads in CLOs in Q1, prepays are running a bit higher than we had forecast. And then you get to the unknowns and the unknowns are the components that Marc laid out. Which are rates in both pace and spreads on putting that to work. So as I think about the relationship between the cost of funds and the net the gross investment income, we're clearly under running on the business that we wrote in the quarter relative to the potential it has. And it'll take a period of time which we're making estimates around to turn that back. And that's really the primary uncertainty, both timing and spreads that we outsized business is put to work.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Steven Chubak of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Chubak: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So I was hoping to get some perspective on the wealth outlook. It sounds like you guys are continuing to see really good momentum. I was hoping you could speak to how flows were in AAA this quarter? Where you guys are in the distribution or platform journey, at the moment? And if you could provide more context just on the durability of those April flows and how it informs your outlook from here?
Jim Zelter: Well, let me start off, and I'm sure, Marc may have a couple of comments. But I would say if you go back twenty-four months ago in terms of 2023, we did, you know, a billion dollars in the overall channel. If you then you go to 2024, we were at $11 billion. We've been clear with $5 billion in the first quarter this year, and we've laid out a number $33 billion for the year. Feel quite strong on that number. There's no doubt there's been breadth in a variety of vehicles. ADS, AAA, ABC, AAA had solid numbers across the quarter and was not an outlier of the upside or the downside. So what's clear to us is the and we mentioned this before, performance is critical. But it's also technology, it's education, it's breadth of platform, it's the ability to have portfolio solutions, In time, it will be your ability to fund and finance and really provide the breadth of products. So we didn't see any wavering in the April. April's been a strong month as well. But it's you know, we are we do work live in a bit of an uncertain world, but we still feel very strong about the rest of the year in aggregate on this channel.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thank you. I was hoping we could expand the fundraising conversation a little bit more broadly. It obviously feels like retail and the wealth channel continues to be quite durable, you know, with respect to the current market uncertainty. When you think about how your institutional client base is responding and appreciate you guys actually don't have a large flagship fund in the market today, might be much might actually be a good thing right now. But as you think about other sources of institutional demand, in light of this volatility, how much more, I guess, durability do you see within that channel relative to maybe some of the other parts of the market?
Jim Zelter: You know, we feel extremely positive about the traction and the dialogue that we're getting from investors around the globe notwithstanding some of the actions would have taken place in the administration, you know. I would I would take a step back. We believe we have, you know, under hit our weight in terms of grabbing our fair share over the last couple of years. We're continuing to grow that. And when I see the dialogue with Marc described is our purchase price matters. We are not on the apology tour around the globe. And people have seen the breadth and success of a variety of our investment strategies. From the equity business across the board to our hybrid business and the breadth of our credit business. So you know, the call notes that we see, the engagement we see, the results we see, make us very, very positive, notwithstanding a bit of a macro headwind about how global investors might see The U.S. So we feel our share is going to whatever is out there we're going to gain share. The dialogues have been increasing and I think our strategies in terms of what we see going on in terms of how we run our business from purchase price matters to our origination focus, to our leadership in ABF, to our leadership in the hybrid areas, these are all areas where people are really institutional investors are refocusing their attention. And we're garnering a very strong share.
Marc Rowan: Maybe I'll just add and frame what Jim said. If you go back in just a little bit of history, we were fortunate in the creation of Athene and participating in Athene's growth. But Athene at the in its early days was growing much faster than Apollo. And so it was not we were not in a position to really expand the credit business in particular, but hybrid as a secondary matter substantially with third-party clients. Athene was taking everything we produced and more. About four years ago, we finally crested the hill, if you will, on origination. And we have continued to diversify. Jim is putting his finger on it. We have historically under earned our fair share of assets from the institutional channel. That has left us with more fertile opportunities going forward. If I look at where the dialogue is coming right now, insurance is a really strong part of this business. Not only are they seeing having to deal with the same tight spreads and therefore need to find ways to diversify, just the acceptance of private assets, as a more mainstream activity is really increasing the opportunity set across the board in insurance. I would say we are origination constrained rather than client constrained in the investment grade portion of the business. Everything we can originate at widespread, there's a home for. And that business will grow as fast as we can grow origination. And we have to be careful as an industry not to simply raise all the money because we can. We have to try as best we can to pace the growth of the capital side of our business with the growth of origination in our business. And this is a different way of thinking about traditional asset people who cover traditional managers but it is how we live every day.
Jim Zelter: I have to add here, Marc bring up a point. When you think about how you all and how the marketplace looks at our business, from a direct lending, it's very, very important for you to be able to commit to that sponsor a solution. The same analogy is going on in the high-grade capital solutions. You can't really work as agent. You need to be a principled investor and being able to go to that counterparty and deliver a solution with capital on the screws there's a reason why we've done a vast, vast majority of the transactions in the investment grade Capital Solutions business. We will continue to do so. Because of our platform and the way that we engage with this aligned capital. You can't go out and source an idea and then say, we'll come back in six weeks when our clients want to buy it. And that's the differentiating factor in our platform. So origination is so tied into capital formation and that flywheel that we are taking a garnering a greater share as deserve it because of our platform.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Bill Katz of TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bill Katz: Great. Thank you very much. So Marc, couple of big picture questions for you. Always appreciate your perspective on this. You talked about sort of the intersection between public and private and you've been your franchise for that for a while. A couple of your peers, as you mentioned, it's sort of linked up on that sort of migration with the traditionalists trying to chase the private side. And expanding distribution on both sides. So you have KKR now with Capital Group, Blackstone working with Wellington and others. Where do you stand in terms of maybe a broader linkage to potentially participate in that? And then secondly, given the strong momentum of the business, how are you thinking about large scale M&A? I guess there's a large transaction out there where Apollo has been now sort of publicly linked. To that. I'm sort of curious of your appetite to sort of build into that channel as well. Thank you.
Marc Rowan: Okay. So we have two announced public partnerships, one with State Street and one with Lord Abbott. I would say this is a very active portion of our business. So much so that if as you follow Apollo closely, you'll notice the peeling off of what we call a new market group specifically to focus on traditional asset managers. And I have said internally in the firm that I expect traditional asset managers to be potentially one of the largest sources of capital formation for us. But I also want to give you the following perspective. No one firm in Service Capital Group or State Street or Lord Abbott or BlackRock or anyone else. We are all in the early days and these partnerships are about experimentation. If we are right, the scale of demand for private assets coming from traditional asset managers is going to be quite large. I believe we you, will eventually adopt the kind of thinking that we have, which this is not about how many of these partnerships I can get papered. It's about how many assets I can originate that are worthy of inclusion because they offer good risk rewards. It's a really weird dynamic over forty years because for forty years, we've gone from a small group of firms doing alternatives to now a fewer number of sizable firms doing private markets. We've always been measured by or limited by our capital base. We're now, in my opinion, limited by our capacity to find good assets. And as Jim said, it is inextricably linked to capital formation because demand for private assets, believe, does in some sectors today and will going forward exceed supply of private assets. And most people who cover our industry also cover traditional asset managers who historically have been judged by the quality and growth of their AUM. I believe that our industry will need to be much more close looked at the quality of our origination, And I like these early partnerships because we are learning a tremendous amount. But none of us have the size and scale today or in the future to serve the needs of the 10 largest asset managers on an exclusive basis. I'm very comfortable focused on origination. And if I have a good asset, it will have a home. I don't worry about that.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Patrick Davitt of Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Patrick Davitt: I have a follow-up on that last point. You have been quietly launched on, I guess, launched than others on this hybrid illiquid liquid product with Lord Abbott. I think a few weeks before the other big partnership launched. Could you give more color on where that stands in getting distribution? And any broader thoughts on being able to talk about when think there could be a more tangible view of what demand even really looks like for these hybrid products? Thank you.
Jim Zelter: Well, I think I think, Marc, touched upon it. I mean, certainly, there's a reason why folks are partnering with those traditionals because of their reach of distribution. You know, we're not traditionally a direct to consumer franchise. And so we believe that our ability to whether it's new product creation like we've done with State Street and Lord Abbott, or just basic selling them SMAs or partnering on JVs there will be a whole litany of types of partnerships just like there's bank origination partnerships. Five years ago, when one of us announced a partnership that was thought to be exclusive, and now a variety of banks across a variety of asset classes have partnerships with us and many of our peers. That's what's going to happen in the traditionals as well. There will be a degree of open architecture. There will be a degree of desire not to have constant concentration in one manager. And so these are all early stages to where the business is going. And again, we think about the when you think about the limiting capacity it's not just aligning yourself with the platform and getting a product on it. It's actually producing the rare commodity, which is these private assets. Traditional managers historically have dealt in a sandbox with public stocks, and public investment grade bonds. And the sandbox of opportunities is limited to what has a CUSIP. We're bringing in a completely different perspective of actually originating bespoke solutions which we apply. And so again, I do think Lord Abbott's been out there because we had originally file it over a year ago. Not surprised by what we're seeing out of KKR and Capital Group. But as Marc said, we believe that when we have these calls in the ensuing years, you've talked about the institutional business, you've talked about global wealth, We believe there will be a pillar on traditional's in the broad brush perspective is what we talked about.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Ken Worthington of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Worthington: You talked about tokenization as one of the innovations that will be meaningful for private assets over time. Was hoping you could help us link the two and how you see tokenization driving maybe its greater alternative access and ultimately driving greater alternative asset growth. But help us link the two together.
Jim Zelter: Yeah. I think again, I think you have to tie together. You have to have a view of a degree of open architecture. And you know, we do not hold ourselves out as leading front edge pioneers in the world of digital finance. But certainly, there's been a tremendous amount of assets raised a variety of stable value, stable coin structures. And is those institutions decide to expand beyond pure treasury investments, UST or otherwise, they will choose other yielding assets. And from what we've seen, interval funds because of the daily NAV and the subscription attributes are particularly attractive to a variety of potential digital platforms. And so we noted on our call, I believe either last call or two calls, that we had had one of our interval funds over a period of time a variety of subscription into that performing debt vehicle. And I suspect, again, in the breadth of open architecture, in scale of distribution, this will be something that potentially expands over time.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Mike Brown of Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Mike Brown: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So there's been a lot of negative headlines related to foreign LPs and endowments and kind of reducing their allocations to private markets or, you know, foreign LPs allocating less to The U.S. So Marc, from your perspective, is this a true risk for the industry? Should we be worried about the potential backlash for U.S. Managers or desire to invest less in The U.S? And then it would seem to me to Apollo would be more insulated from this dynamic just given your business mix, but curious about how you think about your potential exposure here.
Marc Rowan: So again, I'll start at the macro. We have lived through this period of hyper exceptionalism. And I gave you the stats of what had happened to our debt and our equity markets. I believe we are now back to exceptionalism. The reality is at least for the foreseeable future, there are not going to be alternatives to U.S. Capital markets for the most. Because The U.S. Market is still 60% of all the funding needs in the world. We will see reductions in allocations from foreign investors if current trends continue. And I think that's to be expected. The vast, vast majority of capital, as I've suggested, came into our public indices, and we're now watching it leave our public indices. And I don't think that's necessarily a bad thing. It's just we're moving. We've lived in this Goldilocks period of time of hyperexceptionalism that we're just not used to things going in reverse, but they do. In terms of our own business, on the margin, where we see certain pockets of limited partners where there's government pressure not to allocate to US until there's political resolution. I'm sure Do I expect it to have a major impact on our business? No, I do not. I think the reality is we are a source of diversification for almost every other portfolio. And it's always good to step back and think about relative size. The stat I like is just thinking about the size of The U.S. Debt market. And then think about everyone says we're going to Germany. Well, total market is $2.9 trillion. There's just no place to go right now. That does not mean that over time there will not be challengers to The U.S. But it's not one of the things that's keeping me up at night.
Jim Zelter: Yes. Would just add that the bar is going to be higher. Marc commented about Germany. Our travel schedules would not indicate that there's a lack of global demand for our products. But I would say like I was in all Australia in the last month. Talking to all the super funds that, you know, the scale that's a that's a $4 trillion pot of assets going to $7 trillion. By definition, Australia is not large enough for them to be able to service all of their needs. So we I think we feel comfortable that the hurdle for foreign capital or non-U.S. Capital to allocate to managers we feel like we're in a select group. And the breadth of our strategies, performance the other attributes that we bring to a $10 billion $20 billion $30 billion manager, probably challenging. We're going to get our fair share. We're very comfortable.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Benjamin Budish of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Budish: Hi, good morning and thank you for taking the question. Marc, in your prepared remarks, you talked a lot about liquidity in public markets. So if you could talk a little bit about liquidity in private markets. It's something the media has kind reported that you're poking around in providing more liquidity to the paper that you're originating. It's clearly part of you know, what is required for your partnership with State Street for the ETF. So just curious if you could talk a little bit about your activities terms of providing liquidity for private credit, how much capital this sort of requires and what your ambitions are there? Thank you.
Marc Rowan: Sure. First, look, the reality is we made significant changes in the plumbing of our financial system into following 2008. In the equity market, we had a number of firms step forward Citadel among them, Jane Street, who provides liquidity in the equity markets, some of the largest providers of that liquidity. I've now been through hundreds of client meetings and I asked them who does this in fixed income. And it's met with complete silence. And that is the answer. One stepped forward to do this in fixed income. By some estimates, fixed income trading capital in the world today is 10% of what it was in 2008 and the market is three times its size. The math is easy. We have a thirtieth of the liquidity. I expect that in every risk-off moment, we are going to see significant movements in trading prices and fixed income because there just is no market. We're discovering that public is both liquid and illiquid, and private. Liquid and illiquid. Just to differing degrees. The second thing I'd ask you to think about and then I'll get to your question. More than twenty years ago, some crazy bankers stood up in a meeting and said loans are gonna trade. And all of us looked at him and said, how could loans trade? Every loan is bespoke. There's no information. Took thirty days to settle a loan. And yet and they're not even securities. And yet, here we are more than twenty years later and we have loan ETFs and loan mutual funds and we all think loans trade. Well, Jimmy Lee was right. Loans traded. And JPMorgan made a market in loans and was earning widespread. Others on the street saw JPMorgan earning widespread and decided that that was unfair and they stepped in and lo and behold, we have a market that's comprised of dealers. We're kind of doing the same thing initially in investment grade private credit. We came out and I've said to you, I think eighteen months from now, we will not know the difference between public and private credit in the investment grade market. It will not be the issuers. It will not be the size, it will not be the rating, it will not be the provision of financial information nor will it be the ability to buy and sell. And so in the context of the launch of the ETF, we've stepped forward and we're making a market in private credit. And something tells me that given the competitive dynamic, that a number of firms will not like that we will learn widespread. And they will step in and make a market in private credit as well. And it's already happening. That's kind of where we are. And I just see the more barriers we remove from the notion of private the greater market acceptance we're going to have the greater regulatory acceptance we're going to have, And it's not that I worry about the elimination of the so-called illiquidity premium. Just don't think it exists. I think that premium is derived from originating a good asset and then structuring and then controlling it. I come back to origination. I don't worry at all about having more transparency I don't worry about daily nav. I don't worry about any of it. We fundamentally exist for a real reason. The banking system everywhere in the world funds itself short and is really good and really strong at a group of activities. Generally not long dated. The public bond markets around the world generally are also good in another group of activities, generally simple and standard. Anything that is long dated and complex, particularly highly rated, Currently, in Europe has no home, read the Drahi report. In The U.S, the home is with people like us. I like our chances because everywhere in the world, we're building infrastructure, we're building next generation data and power, we're doing additions to our energy supply. We're redoing our manufacturing base. We're ramping up defense production. Almost every one of these activities is long dated, complex and most are highly rated. So for us, the bet we've made is that trading liquidity transparency, will increase the acceptance and the use cases for private and that therefore all the value is going to come from those who can originate not from those who can obfuscate. I like our chances here and I think the market is going to develop very similar to what we saw happening in the loan market. And I think it's early days. I can't point to you where it's going, but the experiments are kind of easy. And take even in its most extreme, a very successful ETF $15 billion $50 billion a third private, If everyone wanted their money in a month, that's like a week's work here. It's just not all that big. For the payoff of acceptance and transparency in this marketplace. Will it go beyond investment grade private? I don't know. Because already there's not all that much difference between private credit and the lending market. And broadly syndicated. The difference I sometimes joke is whether it's held by one person or by a group of people. The documentation is often the same, the credit quality is often the same. What you get in the private credit market, you get to have a one-on-one negotiation with the end buyer who can give you certainty and flexibility and give you something you can't buy in a broadly syndicated marketed process. Not clear to me which is better or which is worse, a credit quality point of view, but from a tradability point of view. To the extent broadly syndicated loans trade, I see no reason why private credit loans could not trade should the holder of those loans desire to trade them. Let's not get there. Let's focus on IG for the time being and that's what we're focused on.
Operator: Thank you. We're showing time for one final question today. The final question will be coming from Alexander Bernstein of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Bernstein: Good morning. Thank you for the opportunity. I know in some of your prior answers you said it's not about how many partnerships an asset manager or financial sponsor can start, but how many assets they originate that offer risk reward and you have those origination capabilities? How far off you think the alternative space is from something that that happened in the 401(k) space where the biggest providers garnered all the assets and then it became a consolidation opportunity for those at the top. Thank you.
Marc Rowan: Look, I like the chances of the larger firms in this marketplace. The reality is, however, one may feel about this, the individual opportunity is an opportunity that is available to the established firms who are capable of managing and manning the resources necessary to serve large distribution channels. I think the same is going to be true in the traditional asset management area, the same is true in the retirement services area. The scale of need just can't be met by the, you know, sole proprietorship PE firm. That doesn't mean we get everything because I don't think that's the case. I think there are a number of firms in our industry garner the largest share of assets should they keep their origination quality high and fortunate to be one of them. I'm thankful every day that we are.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Gunn for any additional or closing comments.
Noah Gunn: Great. Well, we really appreciate everyone's time this morning. If you have any questions or follow-ups on what we discussed, please feel free to reach out and we'll speak to you all next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast at this time and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Management's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. During today's discussion, all callers will be placed in listen-only mode and following management's prepared remarks, the conference call will be opened for questions. Please limit yourself to one question and then rejoin the queue. This conference call is being recorded. This call may include forward-looking and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to Apollo's most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Apollo will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, which management believes are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in Apollo's earnings presentation, which is available on the company's website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any interest in Apollo fund. Id now like to turn the call over to Noah Gunn, Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Noah Gunn: Great. Thanks, operator, and welcome again everyone to our call. Joining me to discuss our results and the momentum we are seeing across the business are: Marc Rowan, CEO; Jim Zelter, President; and Martin Kelly, CFO. Earlier this morning we published our earnings release and financial supplement on the investor relations portion of our website. As you can see fourth quarter results punctuated a very strong year of performance. In the quarter specifically we generates record fee related earnings of $554 million or $0.90 per share. Spread-related earnings of $841 million or $1.37 per share, and adjusted net income of $1.4 billion or $2.22 per share, the highest quarterly level we've earned to-date. The fourth quarter represented another milestone for us as we were thrilled to be added to the S&P 500 in December. This is a testament to the firm's differentiated strategy, remarkable growth, and institutionalization as a public company. Since we listed on the NYSE in 2011, our market cap has grown from approximately $2 billion to more than $100 billion. We expect our inclusion will broaden our public shareholder base and enable more investors to gain exposure to private markets by investing in our business. Of course, this milestone would not have been possible without the collective effort and ingenuity of all our colleagues across the firm, who drive the business forward every day. And with that, I'll now hand the call over to Mark.
Marc Rowan: Thank you, Noah, and good morning to all. As Noah suggested, 2024 wrapped up in exactly the way we wanted, growth and execution. FRE for the quarter $2.1 billion, up 17% year-over-year. SRE $3.2 billion, in line with investor day guidance. Record annual ANI $4.6 billion. As we've often suggested, the reward for good work is more work. Record AUM $751 billion, total inflow is $150 billion and origination volume over $220 billion. In short, this is exactly the quarter and exactly the year we wanted. Recall what we are trying to do and what we've reiterated in our five-year planning process. We are not here to grow the fastest. We are not here to grow the largest. We are here to deliver the plan, buff a little, and like who we are and like our franchise at the end of the five-year journey. As we've said, our goal over the next five years is to grow FRE at an average annual rate of 20%, SRE at 10%, and in any one year, FRE between 15% and 20%, particularly in non-fundraising years. This is exactly what we hope to do. And again, we are not here to blow the doors off any one quarter. We are investing in the business, because what's in front of us dwarfs what's behind us. And it is important that we set ourselves up well for that opportunity. At a recent partners offsite, we gather all 200 partners of Apollo. And among the questions I asked them was, if we have a challenge meeting our five-year plan. Is that challenge external or internal? 90% of the people recognize what I recognize, is that challenge is internal. It is all about us executing, all about us aligning the resources that we have, making the right investments. The market is coming our way. It doesn't mean every day, it doesn't mean every quarter. But I like the way the external environment is developing. And the toughest thing we do, and I know this will sound somewhat trite, toughest thing we do and now that Jim does, because I get to share the responsibility with him, is to keep the team planning to win. Successful companies across our industry, across every industry, have a tendency to play not to lose. And with the amount of change that our industry is facing and the amount of opportunity in front of us, we want the team that steps up every day and plays to win. The strategy as you know is set. So what does playing to win look like? Well, for us, it is to recognize where we think the industry is going and how we think the industry is developing. As we've said, our business is going to be driven by four really large fundamental changes taking place in the marketplace. The first is this notion of a global industrial renaissance. We're seeing it literally every day in the U.S. in particular. And this is not just about AI and DeepSeek. This is about fundamental investments in energy, in infrastructure, in power, in data, in next generation manufacturing, and a host of other things that are going to be needed, financed, and borrowed. The second big driver of our business is retirement. Retirement not just in the traditional sense through a theme of providing guaranteed lifetime income, but in the non-traditional sense of helping retirees retire better. The third, recall that our entire industry was built out of the alternatives bucket of institutional clients. As all of you know, from the past few years, individuals have the potential to be as large as institutions in the same sorts of products and they will not take anywhere near 40-years to get to that size. And finally, and I think personally the most important driver of our business is an entire rethink of public and private. And what I mean by that is our industry grew up where think people thought private was risky and public was safe. And when something is risky, you put it in a small bucket and you call it an alternative and you want very high rates of return from it. And 40-years later, after our industry start, I think that professionals in our industry now understand that private is safe and risky, and public is safe and risky. And if people are not watching closely, the largest asset manager, the traditional asset manager in our industry has delivered a wake-up call to their entire peer set that private is going to be an important part of client solutions going forward. So let me spend a little bit on each of these four drivers. When we think about the global industrial renaissance to us, this is the largest place we can originate. It is not just the origination coming off our 16-owned platforms, but it is the unique bespoke underwritings for the Intels and others to build the next-generation economy. This quarter, second best quarter ever, more than $60 billion of originations. Originations are not just about putting capital out the door. It's about putting capital out the door at excess return per unit of risk. We want to originate that which has value. So long as we originate and capture spread by offering clients things they cannot buy in the liquid public markets, we will win. It is not simply chasing a number for the quarter. In retirement, yes, we are well set up to serve retirement. Athene is the largest in the industry, continues to have industry leading market share, and for the year generated more than $70 billion of organic inflows. $70 billion could have been $75 billion or $80 billion. It is not our goal, as I suggested, to grow disproportionately in any one quarter or in any one year. And to give you a sense of momentum in retirement, just January of a theme inflows more than $9 billion. That should not be 12 times nine for the year, because that is not what we seek to do. We seek to earn excess returns. And when we see opportunities to do that, we will be very aggressive. And when returns are not as plentiful or not where we want them to be, we will back off. We run a principle-based business and you can count on us to be good, responsible stewards of capital. Elsewhere in retirement, oh well, before I pivot from Athene, as I said, Athene has grown in traditional products that we would associate with the retirement industry, pension, funding agreements, individual annuities, group annuities, and the like. We will continue to do that, and that will continue to be a growing market. But the future of the theme is about the next generation of retirement products. We as a company and we as an industry have yet to really hit on our full potential. And I believe our full potential is to offer consumers and businesses and clients much simpler solutions. Guaranteed lifetime income versus a complex annuity is where I think the journey is focused. There are other forms of guaranteed income that are prevalent throughout our financial system that Athene also has the opportunity to make inroads in and to offer industry leading solutions. Away from the pure retirement business built on a theme, Apollo Asset Management continues to make inroads into the retirement market. This is in the absence of any legislative or regulatory change. As we suggested in our last get together, we already had one CIT up and running in a retirement solution. We now have our second, and we are making really good progress with record keepers and continue to believe that target state funds, managed accounts, and other forms of requirement solutions will offer a robust future in the absence of legislative change. And with legislative change, this could be one of the true drivers of our industry, not just our business going forward. As to individuals, record results $12 billion in 2024, up 50%, Q4 was our second best ever. Just truly an exceptional year. And again, the philosophy by which we run this business is not to grow disproportionately in a one quarter. Consider ADS. We run this vehicle for the long-term, we run it with the least leverage, the most senior, the largest companies, we want to be around for the long-term. We want to take advantage of market dislocation. If we're innovating, we're innovating in access. As you know, we now offer it in a tokenized format. We'll innovate in how to serve our clients, but as an investment proposition, excess return per unit of risk, purchase price matters. We run these businesses for the long-term, not for any quarterly goal or otherwise. Jim will talk more about the diversified portfolio of products that we now offer to individuals. And I continue to believe this will be one of the most promising areas. Just a word on public versus private before I wrap up and talk about a few other things. BlackRock made a number of very significant acquisitions in 2024. Those acquisitions lay a foundation for an integration of public and private. I continue to believe this convergence of public and private will be a very important source of demand for private assets. I see private assets in any number of forms. Our industry and our firm will be a supplier of product to traditional asset managers as they seek to make their products more competitive given the incredible amount of indexation and correlation, and quite frankly, just data that exists in the market. We envision that traditional asset managers will evolve their businesses to include products that are public and private. Some traditional asset managers will actually want to launch new products that are co-branded. We are doing that as well. And some will seek to augment their business with massive managed accounts where they have access to private assets from a variety of different players. I think this is good for our entire industry. We will not, as an industry, serve the vast majority of clients around the world. We simply don't have the resources. We don't have the efficient systems. And we don't have the relationships. What we do have, so long as we're good at it, is products that offer excess return per unit of risk. I see a very good marriage between our industry, our company, and the public or traditional asset managers, who I believe are going to reinvent their businesses, spurred on by competitive forces. So enough on the market for a bit. I continue to think in summary that we have four drivers, any one of which could be a doubling in our business, and they will power our business forward in terms of demand for private assets. I continue to believe that the carburetor, or limiter of growth in our business, is limited to our capacity to originate good risk and to our culture and ability to absorb growth. We watch both very carefully in particular on origination. One of the things that we have begun to do this year is to figure out how to expand our origination engine. In certain parts of our business, for instance, in infrastructure, we have decided to do some modest M&A. You noticed in the quarter the addition of Argo. Argo is an infrastructure manager, will add some 6 billion of high quality AUM to our platform, but the single most important factor in deciding to absorb Argo is the Argo team. The capacities to continue to originate, not just for their drawdown funds, but for our Evergreen retail funds, for our SMAs and managed accounts, and for all the vehicles of the Apollo platform is eye-opening to the Argo team, and we will benefit by having a scaled business with an excellent track record join us. You should expect us to continue to do modest M&A along these same lines where we are quite focused on increasing our capacity to originate. That is what we intend to do. So I will leave lots of time for Q&A, and I'm sure we will talk about regulatory and the backdrop to what we do. But with that, I'm going to pass it over to my partner, Jim Zelter.
Jim Zelter: Thanks, Marc. At Investor Day, we discussed our view of today's investing paradigm, which is that private markets have a pivotal role to play in the financing in the global industrial renaissance. As a society, we've laid out our massive global goals, including managing the energy transition, modernizing our power and utility grids, and building next generation digital infrastructure. Each of these has already created unprecedented need for capital and in our view these ambitions will be difficult to accomplish with our large scale private capital solutions. As we've discussed, our success is determined by our capacity to originate high-quality assets with excess return that benefit our fund partners and investors. The lack of flexible financing available today provides a unique opportunity to offer solutions that access our differentiated, scaled capital base. While public IG funding is widely accessible, we believe we can provide superior flexibility, customization, and certainty for borrowers, and these capabilities are resonating in the marketplace. As Marc mentioned, our origination engine has had tremendous momentum with a record $222 billion of our assets originated across our ecosystem in the last 12-months, approximately double that of 2023. This result was driven by meaningful contribution from each of our channels, including more than $95 billion from our 16 origination platforms, and more than $90 billion from traditional core credit, and approximately $25 billion from high grade corporate solutions, and $10 billion from a variety of equity inputs. Across all of our debt origination activity, we sourced assets at approximately 350 to 400 basis points above treasuries on average. Importantly, with spreads near multiyear tides across many segments of the credit market, our direct origination advantage remained durable, allowing us to capture 200 to 250 basis points of excess spread relative to comparatively rated corporates on the majority of what we originate. And I'll just comment, over the course of the last year, we observed the market tighten approximately 25 to 30 basis points, but our debt origination saw similar, even less compression depending on the specific asset class, not more, enabling us to capture the attractive excess spread origination, which is the key to our success. Entering 2025, we're focused on continuing our scale of origination capabilities and make progress toward our targets. This year, there will be really three key areas where we originate and focus in defined success for the year. One, is continuing scaling of Atlas SP, our affiliated warehouse financing platform, which drove approximately half of our platform origination last year and represents a significant part of our growth plan. The second pillar is lender finance. Lender finance is a large opportunity that we expect to grow rapidly across multiple areas of our credit franchise. One area we're particularly focused is on the ability to lend against private credit collateral in all channels where investors reside today. The third is our combined direct lending. This encompasses our affiliated mid-cap financial lending platform, which originated more than $20 billion at volume last year, as well as our high-grade corporate solutions and our large-cap direct lending, which we continue to expand client coverage with an integrative toolbox that is unmatched in the marketplace. Alongside origination, capital formation is the lifeblood of our continued growth. Last year, we generated $152 billion in total inflows across the platform, comprised of $81 billion from our asset management business, and as Marc mentioned, $71 billion from Athene. In short, both sides of the house produced. Within asset management, our institutional and wealth channels each had strong results. Within institutional 24 was a record year for a non-flagship era -- year, and global wealth is continuing to gain momentum with greater inflows over successive years and successive quarters. Double clicking on that fundraising for the quarter, credit-oriented strategies drove the activity, accounting for nearly 80% of third-party capital raised, with inflows coming from more than 100 discrete funds or accounts. Some of the more significant contributors included our IG investment grade total return fund, the second vintage of Accord Plus, several third-party SMAs, which now insurance SMAs, which now total 24, as well as credit-focused wealth products we manage, including ADS, ABC, and others. For Athene, it's worth noting that the business was able to exceed its full-year growth target by adeptly pivoting across its four channels. This is despite having to navigate a unique set of circumstances, particularly within the pension business, where Athene provides value-added solutions for corporate clients and serves more than a half a million pensioners. We continue to be focused on diligently building a theme, managing its growth on a year-to-year rather than quarter-to-quarter basis to drive consistent and durable growth earnings over time. The business remains extremely well positioned and we expect will be a leader in new product creation to serve the needs of this massive retirement population. Relative to 24 levels, we expect to drive greater inflows across both asset management and retirement services in 2025 as we expect to execute against our five-year plan. The average annual capital formation targets we communicated at Investor Day indicate a natural upward progression as we continue to penetrate the vast market opportunities that Marc discussed. With that, I'll turn it over to Martin to address our financial results in more detail.
Martin Kelly: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. As you can see in our results, and as you've heard from both Marc and Jim this morning, 2024 was a very successful year of growth and execution for Apollo, particularly given the shifting interest rate and more subdued monetization backdrop. We delivered on the financial targets we communicated, and we set a very strong foundation for the five-year plan we presented at the Investor Day. I'll quickly walk through our financial performance and highlight some key drivers that we believe will position us for a successful 2025. In the asset management business, we posted a new quarterly record for fee-related earnings, generating $2.1 billion of FRE for the full-year or 17% growth. Two distinct areas of strength in our revenue picture in 2024 were management fees from our credit business, which increased almost 20% within that growth in third-party credit management fees, exceeding that of the Athene and Athora, as well as capital solutions fees, which increased almost 25% year-over-year, as Marc highlighted. Our capabilities within ACS continue to expand alongside our overall origination and deployment activity. Fee related revenue grew by 15% and expenses by 14%, resulting in another year of FRE margin expansion. Very importantly, we're reaping the reward from past investments, which are now generating revenue growth across the platform, while at the same time prioritizing current investments to build strategically important areas of our multi-year plan. A few of the most important initiatives that will be critical to driving success in the year ahead and beyond include global wealth, third-party credit, and PE adjacent businesses within equity. In global wealth, we see significant momentum across the business with meaningful contributions likely to come from the semi-liquid products fleet, comprising 11 discrete products, including six currently sized at approximately $1 billion or more and continuing to scale. In third-party credit, we expect asset-backed finance, key origination platforms like Atlas, as well as direct lending strategies to be impactful. And in terms of PE-adjacent businesses, we expect infrastructure, clean transition, secondaries, and hybrid value to have increasing contributions. Taken together and combined with the growing ACS franchise, we expect to raise, deploy, and syndicate significant amounts of capital that will drive attractive fee-related earnings growth. In 2025, we expect fee related earnings growth to approximate 15% to 20% consistent with non-flagship PE years and reflecting capacity to continue making significant investments in the growth priorities we have articulated. As we discussed at Investor Day, we continue to expect fee related earnings will grow by approximately 20% on average over the next five years. And everything we're seeing in the business is tracking well still over on that goal. Moving to retirement services, services, we posted a strong quarter of spread-related earnings generating $3.2 million of SRE for the full-year, consistent again with our comments at Investor Day. Fourth quarter returns from a Athene's Altsportfolio were in line with our inaugural pre-release issued on January the second. The things net invest assets group 14% in 2024, given by record organic growth. Net spread, ex-notables of 137 basis points declined moderately year-over-year, due to several factors, principally the interest rate transition and our proactive steps to mitigate the impact and lock in spread, as well as a tighter spread backdrop and a slightly lower average allocation to Alts. Importantly, the underwritten spread on new business volumes exceeded 140 basis points during the year, supporting the current net spread of the business before considering the carry-through impacts from interest rate cuts that have already taken place. As we discussed at Investor Day, we expect to grow spread-related earnings by approximately 10% on average over the next five years, excluding the impact of interest rate transitions. We expect interest rate-related headwinds in 2025 to be largely consistent with our Investor Day comments, which embedded an assumption of six total equivalent rate cuts from last September through the end of 2025. Assuming an Alts return of 11%, we expect SRE to approximate $3.5 billion in 2025, as we previously communicated. Key drivers of our SRE growth in the year ahead will be Athenes net organic growth, the net spread on that growth, the trajectory of interest rates, and the returns on Athenes Alts portfolio. Turning lastly to principal investing income, PII benefited from greater realized performance fees in 2024 as monetization activity improved from 2023 levels. In the fourth quarter specifically, PII benefited from the seasonal carry crystallization of certain credit strategies, as well as a lower compensation ratio. Our net accrued performance rebalance at December 31 was $1.7 billion or $2.75 per share and continues to be supported by strong investment performance. We've generated compelling double-digit gross returns across a variety of credit strategies in 2025, as well as hybrid value, sorry in 2024, as well as 35% for PE Fund 10. And finally, our operating tax rate in the fourth quarter benefit from large deductions in quarter related to employee stock compensation, due to a higher share price. Going forward, we continue to expect our effective tax rate to remain approximately 20% over the long-term, subject to usual quarterly variability. And with that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Today's first question is coming from Bill Katz of TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bill Katz: Okay, thank you very much. Appreciate the opportunity to ask a question and the colorful call. Marc, you mentioned sort of three or four major opportunities looking ahead. I think, I'm most intrigued on the retirement at the margin. I think your comments were like you think you can make progress within the retirement accounts even if there's no improved legislation. I was wondering if you could maybe expand on A, how you do that? And then B, from your conversation you might be having with folks down in D.C., what is the appetite to enhance the fiduciary umbrella to allow more proactive opportunity into target date funds? Thank you.
Marc Rowan: I'll do my best, Phil, but a real answer would probably absorb the rest of the call in question queue. So let's start with what people are invested in. People suggest there's $12 trillion to $13 trillion in 401(k), that'll be there on average for 50-years. These people are for the most part invested in daily liquid stock index funds for 50-years. Why? Well, that was history. That's just what people did. And what's happened to their investment is it's done well. I won't say that, but they are now, 10 stocks are now 40% of the S&P and their returns are leveraged to NVIDIA. We basically have leveraged the retirement system of the country to NVIDIA. And some to quarters that's good and some quarters that's not so good. But for a 50-year investment, it doesn't seem to be all that great. So the next innovation was the notion of a target date fund. A target date fund takes a massive individual, not an individual, and allocates them depending on their age cohort between daily liquid stock index funds and daily liquid bond funds. There's not really much innovation. People are still getting beta, although the beta is now more appropriate for their age cohort. Everywhere in the world where privates, and I'm going to use the word private, not alternative, has been added to retirement solutions. The results are not just a little bit better, they're 50% to 100% better. We are on that journey. Plan sponsors understand this, investment managers understand this. What we have is a litigation culture that has focused historically on fees that has prevented widespread allocation to private market solutions and a record keeping infrastructure that has been slow to adapt. We are starting to see changes of that around the edge. And as you would expect, we're starting to see it in three products, semi-liquid equity; semi-liquid credit, particularly investment grade credit; and guaranteed income solutions. I believe we are at the very, very beginning approaching a $12 trillion market, admittedly in the current environment, with some handcuffs on. As to regulatory reform, I would not be naive enough to expect that or I could predict what's going to happen, but I will make some observations. And some of it is really good for our business and some of it is just okay. So a number of you asked previously about regulatory more generally. In the bank sector, it is clear the tone of bank regulation is appropriately getting better. Banks will be stronger competitors in what we call direct lending or a small portion of our private credit business. This is appropriate, this is logical. I don't think it really matters to us per se. We continue to see robust appetite for partnerships with banks, which are now north of $12 trillion, because they are still commercial entities at the end of the day that are structurally borrowing short and don't like lending long. We can work with a bank from a capital alleviation point of view. We can work with them from a duration alleviation point of view or simply complementing each other's origination. As it relates to the question you asked, I think we're going to see increased access, increased fairness, and increased recognition that the financial markets have changed. I'm not going to be so bold as to predict this, but it is not rulemaking. It is advice. Simply being told as a trustee that your job is to produce the best net returns, not the lowest fee, I believe would go a very, very long way to solving this in a way that would be overwhelmingly positive for our business. I know that I'm not the only one in the industry who's focused on this. The industry and mass is focused on this. And in fact, we're seeing traditional asset managers and I've mentioned previously BlackRock understand that privates are going to be part of the solution set. The more that this evolves, the better it is for all of us who are in the business of producing private assets. The third place we're going to see substantial change is in the -- some of the regulatory apparatus around retirement and particularly around insurance. If you work in a department of treasury called the FIO, you probably are looking over your shoulder. We have allowed the European system to crowd out the U.S. system, because we have not protected it. We have not been playing team America in capital markets. And America First also applies to its capital formation tools. Further, we have been asleep at the regulatory switch, and $150 billion of reserves have moved offshore to the Cayman Islands with a fraction of the capital of the U.S. or the Bermuda system, putting the system at work, at risk. I believe the FIO will be under tremendous pressure. I also believe the state-based regulatory system, which we believe in and are big supportive of, they have a choice of evolving to address this issue in Cayman or risk someone stepping in and usurping their authority because it is a hot button issue around our industry. It is a hot button issue in D.C. and it is just common sense. But in general, incredibly enthusiastic about what's happening on the regulatory front.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Glenn Schorr of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, Marc. I wonder if you could peel back the onion just a little bit. You touched on it, but I'm a believer in the way you described the rethink and convergence of public and private. But for asset backs specifically and private investment grade, I think the vision is there, the proof is there with some of your partnerships, but some of the banks push back and say, we already have excess capital, regulations coming down, you know, why will more of this transition over? It made sense with the rec lending on non-investment grade and the capital charges. Don't the banks want to hang on to this business? So I figured I'd get you to pontificate a little bit on that? Thanks.
Marc Rowan: So look, this is consistent with our theme. Not every bank is the same. Let's start by saying we have a multi-cured banking system in the U.S. with a few banks at the very top, lots of small community banks, and then a big deal. I think your comments are mostly directed at the top end of this, and I don't disagree with that. Some of the banks at the top end will choose in a reduced capital strain or better regulatory column to keep more of their assets. I don't know why. I actually think the place they will keep assets is where you don't. I think they'll keep them in direct lending, because it's a really easy business to run. These clients are very fee generative. They're very relationship oriented and it's a pretty simple business. That is where the vast majority of private credit franchises around the world have been built. Do I think there'll be competition? I do. And typically in every cycle, we see people go to excess, which is why we run EDS on our vehicles the way we insist on running them. I don't think it fundamentally changes the nature of the banking business though. The nature of a bank is to borrow short and lends long. There is an inherent instability to taking long dated risk inside a short funded institution. Think about what the world is building. Next generation energy, next generation power and data, next generation infrastructure, energy transition. All of these things are long dated and complex. They are not normally in any market funded on bank balance sheets. I think what people don't really understand is a lot of the both competition or substitution is replacement of the normal regular way 10-year IG market. IG wants simple, not complex. They don't want structured. They don't want, they don't want, they don't want. Every time we have landed a large fixed income replacement mandate, it is because we are offering the borrower something that is credit neutral or credit better to us, but more flexibility in some way that is not available to the public market. And so again, I come back to this notion of bank partnership. Some banks will simply say, thanks, we'll do it ourselves. Some banks will actually realize what I think most have, that we are symbiotic with them and that we do not want their clients. All we want is the asset. The bank typically does not want the asset. And if they want a piece of the asset, it's available to them. So if they can grow without capital, that's ROE enhancing. Some banks will actually fund an asset with us and they will take the short-end of the asset and we will take the long-end of the asset. Some banks will fund with us and they will take the AAA tranche back and we will take the AA's and everything else. The variety of partnerships with the banking industry is limited only by the problem that the banks are trying to solve. And then the whole opportunity is the notion of regional bank and regional bank consolidation. If you're a regional bank today, you are paying more for your capital, your inventory, your money than a money center bank. Your financial, regulatory, and technology costs are being spread over a much smaller base. You don't have the capital market's revenue to give you the fee streams that the big banks have. And you don't really know whether deposits are sticky, because like every prices where SVV and FRB were taken out, you don't really know whether that was bad management or bad management coupled with 70% online banking. And I think we're going to see in this administration in particular tremendous consolidation of regional banking. We, Apollo, just speaking for Apollo, we're a small asset manager. Our goal is not to be one of the four money center banks. We don't even think that way. Our job is to deliver our business plan, which is roughly a doubling the size of the business. Five-years from now, when we double the size of our business, we will be a small asset manager. There is plenty for us to do in the context of our business and win.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Patrick Davitt of Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Patrick Davitt: Good morning everyone. There's been some chatter of some potentially large insurance assets coming up for sale. So could you update us on a themes willingness and ability to take on large and or more complicated M&A transactions? Thank you.
Marc Rowan: Thanks, Patrick. So I've heard the same rumors. I won't repeat them, but I've heard the same rumors. But recall that Apollo Global as an entity actually has three plus pockets by which we acquire requirements or insurance assets. One, is through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Athene. Athene primarily focuses on U.S. spread-based product along with U.K. and Japan. The second, and we don't spend much time talking about it, is our interest in Athora. Athora is our scaled European vehicle, who primarily works in a Solvency II jurisdiction, in Solvency II jurisdictions around the world. And the third is our interest in Venerable, which we share with some partners, who primarily buys variable annuities. When you add the three capabilities together, I believe that we are well positioned to do anything that we want to do that makes sense. When I say makes sense, we have the ability to issue $70-plus billion organically each year with protected surrender charges and market value adjustments at a pace and time that we want at a reasonable cost of funds. For us, growth is not about just growing the assets. This is a fool's errand. Growth for us is about earning spread. If someone is willing to step in and take low spread for the purpose of juicing for a short period of time, their asset management, that to me is a very short-term trade and one we should all be concerned about. But as it relates to capacity, we have plenty of capital, including committed capital, in our agent vehicle for Athene in uncalled equity at Athora. And anything that we want to do, we are capable of doing, but it all comes down to economics.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein: Hey, Marc. Good morning, everybody. I was hoping to spend a couple minutes on your expectations for origination into 2025. The way you framed it, I thought it was really helpful between Atlas lender finance, and direct lending. I guess, how do you expect the mix of these three buckets to evolve over the course of next year? And as part of that, I think you mentioned some of the inorganic opportunities? Could you spend a minute on what could look most interesting from an acquisition perspective? And would that be an Apollo deal, or should we think of that similar to other platforms kind of residing within AAA? Thanks.
Marc Rowan: So I'll just say yes, and then I'll hand it to Jim.
Jim Zelter: You know, Alex, I would say that as we've identified, Atlas, when we thought about it three, four years ago, it was really a U.S. business. And geographically, with places like Europe, Japan, and Australia in particular, I would expect that to grow. So I don't think, when you think about the large buckets of the platforms and traditional credit, you know, at $85 billion, $90 billion a piece I don't think there is a variety of new dramatic moves out of those I think you'll see geographic expansion. I do believe what you're seeing go on right now with the European banks, the logical moves that Marc talked about earlier with really focusing on their business model. We've seen it out of HSBC and many others. So I think you'll see geographic distribution, geographic expansion. I also think that the high-grade capital solutions, and I know there was a question earlier and Marc addressed it, but you know there's just even the most well capitalized businesses, the amount of capital that they need, the public IG market is not going to be the solution. So we certainly believe high-grade capital solutions, the transactions we did for Sony and ABM, Bev and Intel and others, that will expand. The last thing I would say is massive focus on hybrid origination here across the platform. Obviously, we made some leadership evolutionary change over the last month. We brought together a lot of resources in that hybrid area, which is really the area between debt and equity. That is really when you think about the overhang from PE sponsors. When you think about the other challenges right now in monetization of the IPO market, certainly I think you're going to see a much, much greater volume of opportunity in the U.S. and in Europe and parts of Asia with regard to places like Australia and Singapore and Hong-Kong in that hybrid area. So, you know, I think it's really leaning into what we've done in the past. We're very, very comfortable with the breadth what we have. And I do think, you know, Marc appropriately addressed it. There's a narrative out there that we don't partner with the banks or there's a battle for the banks. The reality is somewhere dramatically different. The partnership dialogue, look what's going on with Standard Chartered with Apterra. Across the board, there are numerous partnerships that are in the drawing room or about to be announced. So I think that's really where the expansion will be in terms of bank partnerships.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Ken Worthington of JPMorgan Chase. Please go ahead.
Ken Worthington: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So, sentiment on rates has moved to higher for longer. I guess, what do you think about this shift in sentiment in the context of your inflation outlook and the Trump administration policy changes? And Apollo has been pairing for the lower interest rate environment for a lot of last year. What are your thoughts on the balance sheet positioning as you think about 2025?
Marc Rowan: Jim, why don't you take a shot at it?
Jim Zelter: Yes, Ken, I mean, we run a duration match business. We prefer a bit of a higher rate environment. There's that preparation for that. There's not really a prediction of it. Certainly, the actions of the last 90 to 120-days with the new administration is a bit different than we might have expected when we had Investor Day. And so you're right, there is a view of a bit higher for longer, what Torsten has been articulating. But again, when we talked about Investor Day last year, we talked about five or six prospective cuts. Four have taken place. But again, I think we think we're appropriately positioned right now where rates are with regard to our floater strategy, which we've been very focused on. But again, I don't think we have a -- we do not embed a strategic or tactical view based on rates for the next three to six months across the broad platform or the broad portfolio of the theme?
Marc Rowan: I'd say, I'd just add to that, Ken. Torsten has been on record and all of us have been on record. We have, Torsten's kind of been right here. Higher for longer has been the house theme, notwithstanding where the market has been. And so as Jim said, we took the appropriate action, we reduced our floater buck to a more prudent level, just given where rates and spreads are. But if I look at our business, we are generally better off in a higher rate environment. The vast, vast majority of our business is credit oriented. Credit is simply more attractive in absolute terms in the environment we're in as a solution set, because again, our client base is either solving for absolute levels of income, or is amortizing a retirement constant, which is usually a fixed constant. And so as John Zito often says, he scaled our credit business on the back of zero interest rate environments when no one wanted to talk about credit. Where we are right now is just orders of magnitude better off. So, I kind of like where we are and, you know, we'll have regulatory uncertainty, but generally the trend of regulatory uncertainty, I think is pretty favorable.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Steven Chubak of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Chubak: Hi. Good morning. So, I wanted to spend some time just unpacking your thoughts on the ACS fee outlook. You spoke of very strong momentum in the business. If we look at the multi-year trend, ACS fees grew 24% this year, 30% in 23, 39% in 22. And these outcomes were all achieved in a more subdued cap markets backdrop? So as I look at the billion fee target that you guys laid out at Investor Day, it does imply a meaningful deceleration in fee growth within ACS. And this one I'd better understand given the expectation for a lot of KPIs, whether it's origination activity, AUM growing much faster, why won't ACS fee growth keep pace? And is it reasonable to suggest that, that target feels conservative given some of the momentum you're saying?
Marc Rowan: Well, I'll start, but I'm going to let Jim take bulk of this. I just want to remind everyone on the call, this is a business that is an outgrowth of our strategy rather than the business in and of itself. Going back in history, when we founded Athene, Athene, as you recall, is for it to grow, it needs highly rated fixed income, offering excess return over public market benchmarks. And at the time, and still, it was unavailable in public markets, so we began to originate. But like any good manager, what we wanted to do was keep 25% of everything and 100% of nothing. And that meant we needed to find homes for the other 75% to be able to continue to originate, get what we wanted for our balance sheet and create the proper alignment with clients. That continues to be the case now spread not just over credit, but also over hybrid as Jim suggested. And I think that this again, to set out to build a syndication business was not the goal. To build a business that is strategic to us, because it allows us to speak for 100%, it garners new clients for us and it provides fee revenue is much more what we've been trying to do. So I'll turn it to you, Jim.
Jim Zelter: Yes, I would just emphasize to Marc's point. We didn't create ACS for the ACS in and of itself for the revenue. It really was an outgrowth of providing these large scale solutions along with an open architecture view of the world. And as Marc talked about the moves of the Behemoth Blackrock, I mean, again, if you really embrace the idea of open architecture across origination and have a view that you want to own a slug of everything, but 100% of nothing, that just broadens out the touch points for 1,000s of LPs and geographically around the globe in terms of our touch points. So again, I think there's a very narrow, when you look at the very narrow history of what ACS was, again, going back five years ago, it was really helping us, enabling us to have broader distribution of our PE portfolio financing or other capital raises, it morphed around to our credit business, it morphed around to our hybrid business. And now as we think about our Insurance Solutions Group and the open architecture of all these platforms, it really is just spurring on the breadth of our business. And, you know, when we think about what trades today, this whole public-private convergence, if one has a view that, you know, certainly there's a lot of assets and in the future vehicles and other mandates that will actually become more liquid, you know, I could see us for a very large traditional manager having an SMA for them and being able to provide a variety of turnkey solutions in terms of their ability to dial up and dial down private credit. So, you know, the vision which you talked about, we're not, it's only four months since our Investor Day, so we're certainly not prepared to change any trajectory right now. But it is, if one really takes a step back and understands our broad strategy, the broad open architecture and public-private convergence, this is a critical tool in the middle of that.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Mike Brown of Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Mike Brown: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So Marc, the no new toys there seems like it's officially done and M&A is kind of back in terms of capital allocation. So I guess in terms of the key strategic opportunities, where else will you focus? And it sounds like it's on increasing origination versus maybe adding other capabilities, but I guess I'd love to just hear a little more about that? And then, does this have any implications to your capital allocation plans and capital return broadly? Thank you.
Marc Rowan: So I'll start with the latter. The answer is not really. All of the M&A, as I suggested, is small scale and origination based. We are focused on expanding capabilities that can be immediately accretive. Buying something that in and of itself does not fit with our franchise just makes little sense to the management team given the four big TAMs in front of us. Buying something that facilitates our ability to serve those TAMs by integrating it into our business is what we're trying to do. So if you think of Argo as the prototype, we have a large, but not yet fully scaled infrastructure climate business. Argo adds 20-plus originators with a proven track record who have been limited, who have been originating against a relatively small box, $6 billion of AUM. What we are getting is we're getting 20-plus qualified individuals, $6 billion of AUM, a home scale business. What they are getting is the opportunity to now originate, not just in the sectors they've been originating, but to originate debt, hybrid, lower risk, lower reward equity, equity, and across a much larger scale platform. You should expect us to continue to build origination capabilities in our hybrid and real asset businesses and in places where we are growing, but not yet at scale. I just don't think it's of a size or a scale where we even think about it in a capital allocation terms. But no new toys is officially over.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Craig Seigenthaler of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey, good morning, everyone. I hope you're all doing well. My question is on the cost of funding a scene, which rose by 12 basis points sequentially. So how has the level of competition trended in the U.S. annuity market? Several Alts have replicated your model. They're guiding towards significant growth over five years. And how do you see changes in the competitive landscape impacted your spread related earnings net spread over the next few years? Thank you.
Marc Rowan: Thanks, Greg. Again, not to dwell on this in detail, but to go back in history a little bit, think about what you need to be successful in this business. You need capital. You need an efficient origination platform at scale. You need a source of assets that produces investment grade assets primarily, but with spread, and you need low-cost liabilities. With the exception of maybe one player, no one else in the industry has these four alternatives. They have capital, but they lack all three of the other components. They definitely are not at a scale platform and OpEx is a huge portion of this business, unlike in other asset management businesses. We are, you can look at what we do from an OpEx point of view and the detailed results. But as a primarily monoline doing one thing with new systems, we just kill it. Everything else from a cost of funds, everything from an infrastructure point of view just goes right into cost of funds. Almost every other player, no one that I know, has a regularly sized, scaled ability to produce investment grade assets with spreads. Access to the CLO market is not the ability to produce spread. Let's just be clear. And the final thing is access to a low cost source of funding. Until you are very highly rated and you have your operating infrastructure, you are not positioned to face off with what I'll call real accounts. What you can do is you can penetrate a portion of the market that does not care about credit quality, which is called the IMO market. It is an important, but a smaller part of the market for us. And in that sector where credit does not matter, we see people paying up for liabilities and we have reduced our share, reduced our presence, but still there in products that are of interest to us. So for us, it's about pivoting channels. But if you take what I've just said to its illogical conclusion, see, you don't have an efficient infrastructure. You don't have the capability to produce assets. You don't have a good stable source of funding. How are you getting returns? You're not. You are the only way you are getting returns is you're doing cap barb right now. You're moving this business to Cayman, which is not a reciprocal jurisdiction with the U.S., where you get to hold approximately half the capital, and you try and scale a business and produce something, so that you have these advantages over a period of time. I do not believe that, that is going to be a successful strategy, and I believe that will end badly for people. That does not mean there are not really good competitors, and I've cited who I think are the really good competitors, but it comes back to those four attributes. For us, $70 plus billion at reasonable spreads last year is what we wanted to do. This year, it'll be more. If we find breaks in the market, it'll be at the high-end of more. And if we don't, it won't. Our job right now is to evolve and innovate. There is no shortage of demand for guaranteed income. What we need to do is to innovate on the packages and as I've said January alone we found $9 billion of businesses. Okay let's see what February brings and do it. But it is not about, well, it is competitive. It is not about a fundamental change to business. Cost of funds is also a bit of a misleading number, because cost of funds is, some products have a higher cost of funds, but a lower capital requirement. Some products have the opposite. We also have a market share and a market mix issue going on, but in the IMO channel, in the acquisition channel, in places where credit is not at all limited. There's nothing that prevents people from paying up and sacrificing return.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Brennan Hawken of UBS. I'm sorry?
Martin Kelly: Let me add one more thing. Let me add one more thing to that comment, just as you're looking at the earnings. And you can see this on the spread walk across pages. You see -- you actually see a comparable increase in the gross income earned to that cost of funds increase in the quarter? And so we think on a net spread basis versus a gross income gross cost of funds basis. But the impact on spread for the quarter as we highlighted was the pull through of last year's rate actions, which are coming through on the asset side. So you really need to look at it combined and reference that spread table, which we tried to, which we used to try to distill the key drivers into the key movements.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Brennan Hawken -- thank you of UBS. Mr. Hawken, Please go ahead.
Brennan Hawken: Thanks for taking my question. Sorry, Martin, you wrapped up?
Martin Kelly: Brennan, I'm wrapped up on that question.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. I wasn't sure. You and the operator were talking over each other.
Martin Kelly: Thanks for checking.
Brennan Hawken: Of course, no problem. We'd love to hear a little on wealth management. So the fundraising was really quite strong. I want to say $12 billion, up about 50% versus last year. So really picking up and that's in a market where we're seeing increased competition. So I'd love to hear about your ambitions. It seems as though ADS and AAA have driven a lot of this momentum, but do you expect that to continue? Do you expect there to be other products that will pick up in momentum as well? What should we think as we head into 2025 for that channel?
Marc Rowan: Go ahead, Jim, and then I'll wrap up.
Jim Zelter: Sure. So, you know, I appreciate this. This for us is a journey. We identified, you know, five years ago, not only our ambition, but the five crucial components in terms of product, distribution, technology, education, and performance. We brought that complete package to the table. Today we have 11,000 [Technical Difficulty] asset-backed credit company. But there's also a variety of other products, ADCF, which, you know, we're entering exciting times on that interval fund with demand from, you know, in tokenization. But from our perspective, like, again, 50% growth last year, the ambitions this year are still high. We believe this is going to be a group of select winners over time that have secured their position. And we rightly believe we have planted our flag, But by no means will we be resting on our laurels. We're continuing to invest not only in the U.S., which was our primary growth geography, but also in Europe, but also places like Korea and Japan and Australia that are critical. And as Marc mentioned earlier, we've really done this with a view on creating products from the historic Apollo Asset Management side. I suspect whether it's activities around Altitude, which is a variety of our insurance-wrapped product, the future creation of D.C. Solutions. We think that the sandbox of opportunity will not only execute what we've done today, but it will expand dramatically. I will tell you that ADS, we've got the January numbers, best month on record. So we believe we have those five critical components, never resting on our laurels, but certainly the ambition is global and to expand the product set in terms of client solutions, that's our objective and goal.
Marc Rowan: Nothing to add. It was well said.
Operator: Thank you. This brings us to the end of our allotted time for questions. I will now turn it back over to Mr. Gunn for closing comments.
Noah Gunn: Great. Thanks, operator, and thank you to everyone for joining us this morning and for your interest in Apollo. Of course, if you have any follow-up questions regarding our results or anything we discussed on today's call, please feel free to reach out to us, and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast at this time, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-04 22:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Management's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference call is being recorded. This call may contain -- or this call may include forward-looking statements and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to Apollo's most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Apollo will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, which management believes are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in Apollo's earnings presentation, which is available on the company's website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any interest -- and interest in any Apollo fund. I will now turn the call over to Noah Gunn, Global Head of Investor Relations.
Noah Gunn: Thanks, operator, and welcome again, everyone, to our call. Earlier this morning, we published our earnings release and financial supplement on the Investor Relations portion of our website. We reported strong third quarter financial results that included record fee-related earnings of $531 million or $0.87 per share, near-record spread-related earnings of $856 million or $1.40 per share and adjusted net income of $1.1 billion or $1.85 per share, which reached the second highest level on record. Additionally, I'd like to take a moment to thank you all for participating in our Investor Day last month. We were thrilled to have fantastic attendance, with over 3,000 people participating live in addition to another 54,000 who have accessed the replay since then. Given our proximity to this comprehensive event, today's call will be a shorter update. I'm joined this morning by Marc Rowan, CEO; Jim Zelter, Co-President; and Martin Kelly, CFO. Marc and Martin will cover prepared remarks, and Jim will be available for Q&A. And with that, I'll hand the call over to Marc.
Marc Rowan: Thank you, Noah, and good morning. I want to echo Noah's sentiment that we take nothing for granted, and we deeply appreciate your willingness to spend 3 to 4 hours with us on Investor Day to truly dig into the unique business that we are building. Hopefully, we outlined a clear vision for our 5-year plan as well as the upside drivers. In summary, for those who did not suffer through the 3 to 4 hours, we talked about average annual FRE growth of 20% and average annual SRE growth of 10%, FRE and SRE reaching $10 billion, $5 billion each in 2029 and ANI more than doubling to $15 a share by 2029. Capital generation of $21 billion. In short, we laid out ambitious targets, but they're targets the management team and I are fully behind and believe we can meet. Third quarter was a solid start in that direction. In short, everything worked. The team made all of us look good. We will open the frozen yogurt bar today to reward the team for that. It's one of the tools we joked about on Investor Day, but it's part of the culture of Apollo. Let me spend a second as to how the long-term business plan in the quarter relate to each other. In terms of our 5-year plan, we laid out 4 mega trends or tailwinds we thought were going to drive ourselves on our industry forward over the next 5 years: The so-called global industrial renaissance and this massive need for capital to rebuild infrastructure, energy transition and next-gen power and data; the second, retirement; the third is the growth of individuals, complementing institutions who have long been the sole source of capital for private assets; and finally, the notion of public and private convergence. In short, any of these 4 TAMs could double our business over the next 5 years. It is up to us to execute against this opportunity set and to position the franchise squarely in front of these very strong tailwinds. We are fortunate in many ways that even at our size and scale, in the scheme of the asset management industry, we are a relatively small player. And while we project that we will double our business over the next 5 years, that is not all that large, particularly compared to the enormous TAMs in front of us. Bringing it down to the quarter, in terms of global industrial renaissance and the massive need for capital, this was a record origination quarter, $62 billion of originations for the quarter, $194 billion year-to-date. Platforms, really strong quarter. ATLAS, in particular, had a really strong quarter, $50 billion of cumulative origination to date, $5 billion of equity capital raised, a new $5 billion facility from BNP, 350-person strong. In short, the cylinders are all firing at ATLAS, and we expect great things from them going forward. In retirement, Athene had another $20 billion organic growth quarter. We continue to widen the funnel through distribution expansion. Just launched with BAML last week, another top 15 platform. Away from Athene, we continue to make inroads into the retirement space, in particular, in the DC market. We have our first mandate for our AAA product on an RIA platform. We are in the equity sleeve of a CIT offering, and we launched in October. While technical, this is an enormous milestone for us and I believe portends well for the future in front of us in adding private assets to help bulk and accelerate retirement solutions for those in need. In terms of individual investors in progress against retail, fundraising is on pace to increase 50% year-over-year in '24 without a flagship fund. The team here has done an extraordinary job. ABC, our asset-based company, is now distributing on 2 large wire house platforms. ASPM, our evergreen multi-asset secondary strategy, launched globally. We now have, post these 2, 11 wealth products focused on the market, 6 of which have been in the market for a year or less. But I want to really call out here what the potential of what this can be. Recall that our strategy here is to be seen as an innovator in this marketplace. So AAA, which we talked about 1.5 years ago, we've now crossed $18.5 billion and we expect to be circa $20 billion by year-end. Strong returns here, now approximately 10.5%, with a fraction of the volatility of public equity markets and public debt markets. This is the kind of product that has multiple uses across portfolios. And I stick by what I said when we launched the product, I expect this to be the largest fund at Apollo within a very short period of time. And I think next year will be when that happens. ADS, also really strong performance. Durable yield, taking advantage of trends in private credit, but done in an Apollo-esque way, lowest leverage, all first lean. We expect the strategy to be circa $15 billion at year-end. I cite the size of this because I think it's important to show just how fast this channel is developing. And the channel development is about product, it is about performance, but it's also about the capability to serve this large and growing market and the capability to continue to innovate. We learn something almost every day in this marketplace. To cite just one example, we talked a year ago about an insurance-wrapped product to take advantage of the unique tax situation of individual investors. Our Altitude series, which encompasses our insurance-wrapped product, we expect to be circa $1 billion at year-end and now active in 2 significant wire houses. Those 3 trends, global industrial renaissance, retirement and growth in the retail channel are 3 of the 4 cylinders that we expect or 3 of the 4 tailwinds that we expect to power our business going forward. The fourth is this whole notion of public and private convergence. We see this as fixed income replacement. What we're watching take place is investors who have historically allocated to private markets solely out of their alternative bucket, are beginning to allocate out of their fixed income bucket, which historically, has been 100% public investment grade. We expect that over time, investors will begin to divide this bucket between beta, public investment grade; and alpha, private investment grade. And they will consume that in a number of different formats. Some will consume directly as pure private assets, some will consume it in fund format, and yet others will consume it in products that are more familiar to them from more familiar names, such as the partnerships and the relationships we've announced with Lord Abbett. and with State Street. More on that product when it is approved because it is currently in registration. Those 4 tailwinds, I believe, will push our business forward and they will push our industry forward. But all of them ultimately depend on one factor. They depend on our capacity to originate assets that offer excess return per unit of risk or alpha. We are not solely an asset manager. If we behave like an asset manager and simply gather funds, we will simply degrade our business and degrade our franchise. That is not our intention, and that is not what we're going to do. Our capacity to grow is limited, as I've said previously, by our ability to originate, and we are keenly focused on how we go about doing this. We have a number of platforms, some 16, which we've spent roughly $8 billion building over the past 15 years that now employs circa 4,000 people. This is a very significant investment and a bar that many of our competitors will need to cross to compete with us in this area. Some will do that, and we expect them to do that. But make no mistake, this market is enormous, but one has to originate good risk to be able to grow their business and offer their clients excess return per unit of risk. In the 3.5 hours that we talked during our Investor Day, I wish we could have covered everything, but we failed to. One area I really want to drive home and talk about our recent promotion is our third-party insurance. We have built, for Athene, the capacity to originate good assets and have proven over the past 15 years that we can scale our retirement services business. Recall that as an originator of assets, we want 25% of everything and 100% of nothing. In some ways, the ideal partners for us are other insurers, people who are trying to amortize the same sorts of liabilities that we're seeking to amortize and deal with the same capital and regulatory regimes. Our third-party insurance business is approximately $100 billion of AUM as of this date, and we expect it to double over the next 5 years. But it will not double on its own. And so we've taken one of our most senior partners, Jeff Jacobs, and asked Jeff to become the CEO of our third-party insurance business with all of the resources of the firm at his disposal. This is important to us not just in the capacity to add AUM, but also to support an industry and to support retirement and to make sure that there's a broad understanding of the regulatory and capital regimes associated with private assets, particularly private investment grade, and it's an area that will receive lots of attention from us. In short, we're playing to win. Lots of the terms we've used across the industry, this notion of origination, fixed income replacement and an industrial renaissance now seem to be mainstream. We believe we are building something unique in the context of our industry, and we believe we are uniquely positioned for this opportunity, with the capacity to originate the right cost and form of capital and the right culture to succeed. In short, we get to do this. With that, I'll turn it over to Martin.
Martin Kelly: Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. So third quarter financial results across FRE, SRE and PII exceeded expectations and position us well to close out 2024, consistent with our expectations and to move confidently into the first year of our latest 5-year plan. I'll make some very brief comments on this quarter's results before opening up to Q&A. Fee-related earnings. Within asset management, FRE reached a new quarterly record and surpassed $1.5 billion on a year-to-date basis, supported by strength in fee-related revenues from our credit business. Credit management fees increased 20% year-over-year, with growth in third-party credit management fees exceeding that of Athene and Athora. Over the last 12 months, we've generated more than $140 billion of inflows to support continued management fee growth. In the third quarter, credit inflows totaled $39 billion, inclusive of the robust flows of Athene that Marc mentioned as well as broad-based fundraising activity across direct lending, opportunistic and multicredit and further inflows related to financing our ATLAS business. Our Capital Solutions business posted its second highest quarter of fees on record, supported by approximately 80 underlying transactions. Fee-related performance fees were also strong, increasing more than 40% year-over-year. This fee stream has primarily driven by stable, spread-based income from certain credit products and vehicles including ADS. Going into the fourth quarter, we expect these revenue growth trends to largely persist, supported by our previously discussed organic capital formation target of $120 million for full year 2024, and a strong, diversified origination pipeline. At the same time, we've remained focused on cost discipline, with total expenses increasing 11% year-to-date versus the prior 9-month period, excluding the impact of $15 million of fund merger costs in the second quarter that we previously commented on. Turning to retirement services. SRE results reflect robust organic growth trends of $20 billion in the quarter and solid levels of spread profitability. Net spread, excluding notable items, increased by 16 basis points quarter-over-quarter, and was roughly flat with Q2 when adjusting for our long-term expectations of an 11% alternatives return. As part of this, Athene's alternatives portfolio generated an 8.2% annualized return in the third quarter, within which AAA generated a 10.5% annualized return, approaching the 11% long-term expectation. We took several actions with respect to Athene's alternatives portfolio within Q3 to align the allocation more closely with AAA, which now accounts for approximately 80% of the portfolio at quarter end. Starting in January and going forward, we intend to pre-release return information around the first business day following quarter end in an effort to provide more near-term visibility into this line item. Turning to the year-to-date view. SRE totaled $2.4 billion, up 5% versus the prior year comparable period when excluding notable items. As we described in detail at Investor Day, we expect SRE to approximate $3.2 billion for the full year, which implies a similar level of SRE in the fourth quarter versus third quarter results on an as-reported basis. Principal investing income benefited from some monetizations by Fund IX during the quarter. Our net accrued performance fee balance at September 30 was $1.4 billion and continues to be supported by strong investment performance. We generated double-digit returns across a variety of credit strategies and hybrid value over the last 12 months, as well as more than 30% for PE Fund X over the same period. While we expect near-term realizations activity to be more in line with recent quarterly trends based on our current pipeline, we're optimistic that PII will increase meaningfully over the next couple of years as the exit environment improves. In terms of capital allocation, we deployed more than $400 million within Q3 to opportunistically repurchase more than 4 million shares at an average price of $105 amid heightened volatility during the quarter. And with that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: So I was hoping you could start with the progress you guys are making on third-party fundraising, and particularly with respect to the insurance channel, Marc, as you mentioned earlier. A couple of specifics. Maybe you can give us an update on the flows you're seeing there year-to-date. I heard $100 billion in total AUM, but curious on the growth and the topic fee rates you're seeing in that channel. And just broadly, when you think about the addressable market there, what sort of changed that sort of enables some of these insurance companies to partner with you guys as a competitor in some way? And in terms of the liabilities that you're looking for in this channel, is this strictly in the annuity kind of rider channel or sort of broad insurance based?
Marc Rowan: So I'm going to -- it's Marc, Alex. I'm going to start more generally, and then Jim will pick up specifically. A bunch of the things you've said really don't track with how things have done. We have always started and always run a third-party business. People who you would think would be -- who are our competitors in the liability, we partner with on the asset side regularly. Not only do we partner with them in an aligned fashion for the assets themselves, but you know from our public announcements that a number of people you would consider our direct competitors own pro rata side-by-side pieces of our origination platform. We intend to continue to do this going forward. Unlike certain very constrained markets, for instance, like private equity, the market for private investment grade, I believe, to be vast. And this is about having the capital to go after them. And also recall that we -- although we originate a risk, we want some of that risk for the Athene balance sheet. We want some of that risk for our credit funds and the other accounts that we manage on behalf of our third-party clients. At this point in time and for the foreseeable future, having like-minded institutions, particularly insurers who have the same risk reward and the same regulatory and the same capital regimes is additive to our franchise and it's additive to their franchise. Competitively, we still take a very, very large share of these assets and no one competitor has anything near it. And we -- but we view this as beneficial to our franchise. And in turn, if one of our peer insurance companies originates risk that we think is interesting and they want us to participate with them, we will. It's a very different ecosystem than people have historically thought of in the private equity area, where it's a winner-take-all mentality. I sometimes joke in credit that if you originate a risk and own 100% of it, it means you made a mistake rather than you won something. The second part before I turn to Jim, is we have 2 or 3 different types of insurance accounting. By the way, they're mostly life and annuity, not PNC, just to touch on that. Some of third-party insurance are direct placements with peer insurance companies, either through programmatic investments, one-off investments or in the context of funds or SMAs, a very big part of our business. But increasingly, we actually see people partnering with us, institutions and, in some cases, other financial institutions, side-by-side with us in ADIP. ADIP gives participants not just a share of the assets, but a share of the liabilities, and they get to leverage off the Athene cost structure. Although we didn't talk about it this quarter, when you have a chance to go back, Athene continues to do an unbelievable job on the efficiency operations. I saw some numbers from the quarter. I, quite frankly, was impressed. So with that, I'm going to turn it over to Jim.
James Zelter: Yes. Not a lot to add, Alex, but I would say that what Marc has described is this open architecture flywheel. And whether it's in funds, whether it's in ADIP, whether it's sharing views on how CLO should be looked at and calculated from a regulatory perspective, there's a whole variety of activity that takes place. And we have always been a player in this space. But as Marc mentioned, by putting  one of our senior individuals who has really been at the intersection of the Athene portfolio leadership, applying that same insight, sourcing, portfolio, construction across the environment is helpful. And again, this is mostly investment-grade activity. And the reason why we think it can grow so large is, for the most part, all this activity, if you get into investment grade and fixed income replacement, this is really dispersion of credit risk across the platform and across the ecosystem, not just the creation, which is really more the traditional direct origination. So the scale and substance of these activities, we think is -- we're still in the early days.
Operator: The next question is coming from Craig Siegenthaler of Bank of America.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hope everyone is doing well. My question is on retirement outflows. So after a pickup last quarter, they improved back down to the 10% range annualized, kind of right in line with your target from the Athene presentation from August. But from the same disclosure, they're expected to decline again modestly in 4Q '24, but we actually don't have any visibility into 2025. So I'm wondering if you could share with us how liability outflows are expected to trend in 2025. And for the full year, is it generally in line with 2024 with some quarterly deviations?
Marc Rowan: It's Marc for one second. So during the substantial run-up in interest rates, there was a tremendous amount of interest from the research community and from shareholders into the behavior of liabilities. And so we began to publish the statistics that we used actually to run our business. The runoff of insurance liabilities is actually highly predictable. And one of the things we wanted to do by publishing is to show that we actually have a pretty good sense of when period-end business, MYGA business is going to run off. We have a regular flow of pension risk transfer business and a regular flow of runoff of fixed income annuities as well as policy loans and other out-of-period surrenders. I think the easiest thing to do is probably update our '25 forecast. But with Investor Day, we didn't get around to it. I think that's -- it's on our to-do list.
Martin Kelly: It's high up the list. We plan to. I would say I'm not aware of anyone else in the industry that publishes this information. And so it's another area where we strive to be transparent. And we track very closely against the metric. And as Marc said, the ups and downs from any one quarter to the next tend to be driven by contractual features or policies, and so they're highly predictable. Looking ahead, I wouldn't expect any different trend from what we're seeing. It's just tracking exactly as we expect.
Operator: The next question is coming from Bill Katz of TD Cowen.
William Katz: Marc, I'm intrigued by two of your comments, just your notion of the retirement opportunity as well as the retail. I think I want to ask about retirement, but I'm going to ask about retail. In terms of the retail platform, you mentioned you're learning a lot. So I was wondering if you could maybe help us understand how you see the opportunity set evolving for the industry and Apollo's role in that. And then secondarily, a number of your peers have been sort of speaking to higher expenses to build out the wealth management footprint. Could you share with us where you are in terms of that expense cycle?
Marc Rowan: So I'm tempted to answer your retail question with a retirement answer, but I'm actually going to go after the retail side of it. So we're in the very early stages. I think one of the things we tried to do at Investor Day was to present this pyramid of how we think about the retail channel. At the top of the pyramid, we think about family office. Family office to us is really nothing other than institutional. We cover them like institutions. They behave like institutions. As best we can tell, they are now close to 50% private, which does not mean alternative, but -- in a traditional sense, but 50% private. At the bottom of the pyramid, I call that mass affluent, I hypothesize that we were not likely to serve these people directly, that we were likely to be a parts provider to incumbent asset managers, traditional asset managers who were going to blend in a number of different formats, private assets into products that are more easily understood by the vast majority of investors who will not on their own, go through the educational process and perhaps are not closely advised by a financial adviser. The channel that we -- I think you're referencing is really talking about the advice channel, which let's call that high net worth, which has lots of different definitions. For us, I think that this is a question of appropriate products and services. They generally do not buy products that have binary outcomes. They buy things that are more yield-oriented that tend to pull to par or have more predictable behavior, although episodically, they do buy traditional alternative products in fund format, but that is not the vast majority of what we're talking about. If you think about these institutions, serving these institutions is going to be, in my opinion, an opportunity for a handful of firms. The scale that one needs to put together of people, technology, products, systems to serve one of the large wealth channel participants really only makes sense if you are multiple products at a large scale and are capable of generating alpha. Let's not forget that at the end of the day, we're not just an asset manager, we have to develop excess return. For better or worse, I think we envisioned the cost of doing this. I don't view the cost as a surprise. They've been contemplated in the context of the budgets and forecast we've given you. So I would not call out anything unique. I think the interesting thing that's happening in this business is when we enter a certain channel, we say, "Oh, we're partnered with so and so." The reality is we're still selling to 5% or 10% of their financial advisers and their clients, we have -- we, all of us, have yet to fully penetrate any of these systems. To fully penetrate a system, we have to make our products simpler. We have to be able to serve qualified and nonqualified investors. And we have to be able to do it with technological ease. And so we are not so much seeing cost pressure. What we're seeing is requests for services. This can be educational services. This can be technological services. This can be ease of doing business services. And perhaps one of the most intriguing, something we've referred to previously is the addition of regular way, low-cost leverage. And with that, I'll turn it to Jim to see if he wants to add anything.
James Zelter: Yes. And what Marc is really talking about is taking a product dialogue and making it much more of a portfolio solutions dialogue. And we're at the head of the pack in terms of the breadth of products that we've created. As Marc said, the clients don't want -- they don't want binary outcomes, they want a lot more evergreen products. But the latest note that Marc mentioned, whether it's -- certainly, in the equity business, in the public equity business, the ability to buy things on margin. Well, certainly, there will be a time in the future where whether it's fund finance or other or even portfolio solutions in terms of SAA, strategic asset allocation, how a client looks at a variety of these options. So it's much more holistic. There will be a few winners. We plan -- we have planted our flag with resources and commitment and vision to be a successful player.
Operator: The next question is coming from Steven Chubak of Wolfe Research.
Steven Chubak: So I'm actually going to ask a question around the retirement opportunity. At Investor Day, Marc, you did make a compelling case for a rethink of the future state of target date fund allocations around the $15 trillion DC opportunity. As we think about what is tangible on a near-term basis in terms of allocations and how that might evolve, the percentage that's in target date funds, it looks like less than half of DC assets are currently held in target date funds. The majority of those fund assets are held by folks in higher age cohorts. So I wanted to get your perspective on how you see that opportunity evolving over time, how much of that $15 trillion do you believe you can service on a more near- to medium-term basis once that new market opportunity hopefully opens up to you and your peers?
Marc Rowan: So I'll start by saying that I did point it out, but it is not something we've budgeted in our plan or to get to our 5-year plan. But I think we have to just look around the world for solutions, and I did mention at Investor Day. In places in the world where private assets, and I'm not talking about alternate, but private assets have been added to portfolios, societies have gotten superior outcomes. Australia is probably the most visible place where superannuation has achieved very, very successful returns for retirees in Australia. And one can demonstrate that if you look at the inclusion of private assets along with traditional assets in a blend, we're talking about outcomes that are not slightly better, we're talking about 40% to 60% better outcomes. Over time, I believe people will see the light, and we will eventually have the inclusion of private assets in what would be traditionally public-only portfolios. Right now, recordkeeping, rule of law or practice, really, have kept significant allocations out of that for the time being to the detriment, I believe, of the participants in these plans. But the retirement opportunity is not just about the $12 trillion to $13 trillion of 401(k) and having a slice of that participate in private assets, it is also about rethinking retirement more generally. If I look at our 15 years so far at Athene, I have to really commend the team. They have done an incredible job. They took a start-up, and they turned it into the largest organic originator of retirement products in the U.S. and I believe, in the world. And they do it really efficiently. they do it really well, and they earn very nice rates of return. But if we're honest, what they've done is they have taken a traditional product set that has not really been updated all that much over the past 15 years, and they've just done a better job, and they've offered consumers a piece of the private market's alpha to create better outcomes, and it turns out consumers prefer more to less. I believe there is an opportunity to rethink the product set itself. And we had a little discussion at Investor Day, the notion of simplification and getting to guaranteed lifetime income, I believe, to be the North Star for where we would like to go. Whether we get all the way there in a simple product that offers guaranteed lifetime income, we had a little back and forth at Investor Day, but that is what we're pursuing. But this notion of rethinking the product set, I believe to be the single biggest opportunity in front of us, and that is what is baked into our 5-year plan over the next few years. Should we get access to 401(k) through broad-based reform or regulatory change or regulatory encouragement? I believe that would be upside, not just for us, but for the entire industry, limited, of course, by all of our capacity to originate. At the end of the day, this comes back to origination.
Operator: The next question is coming from Mike Brown of Wells Fargo.
Michael Brown: I guess building on that discussion, I wanted to ask about the AAA sleeve in the CIT offering that you flagged, Marc. Do you have a pipeline of other opportunities building on other RIA platforms? And I guess, how do you see this expanding? Can it eventually move to wire houses, for example, on kind of like model portfolio structures?
Marc Rowan: So I'll start in reverse. So AAA today is circa $18.5 billion. We expect it to be circa $20 billion at year-end. It is broadly -- it's an equity product, but it is a hybrid type equity, meaning it has lower volatility than traditional equities. And its notion is to produce low double-digit rates of return with much less volatility than public equities. Recall that public equities over a long period of time with volatility offer 9% to 10%. So the use case here is in part equity replacement and in part, risk reduction through hybrid without yet moving to fixed income and lower rates of return. We are seeing it adopted in portfolio allocation. Right now, it is still being purchased as a product. Someone comes and subscribes to AAA because they want to be in AAA. But I do envision a day when we will be talking about 60-40 portfolios that are comprised of public and private. I do think the future of the retail business will in part be portfolio solutions. In the retirement space, in this first CIT, that is essentially what is happening. It is an equity -- it's part of the equity sleeve that is the default offering for equity for this group and plan of retirees. Pipeline, I believe, would overstate the progress to date. I am very happy to see the first and first couple of individuals and firms who are beginning to look at this as part of an overall solution. And let us do a good job doing this, and we'll grow from there. But too early to say pipeline.
Operator: The next question is coming from Patrick Davitt of Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: Going back to Bill's question, it sounds like, obviously, you're getting a lot of traction adding retail distribution. But on that, another manager last week is seemingly talking down near-term margin expectations primarily as a result of the ramp of payments directly to the distribution platforms. And we aren't really hearing that message from you or others for that matter. So is this a headwind we should expect to see more of? And in that vein, maybe expand on how you account for those and why it might be different than others are.
Martin Kelly: Patrick, it's Martin. So we're not seeing that headwind. I would say if you look at how retail product is distributed, in whatever -- through whatever channel, there is a reasonably large segment of the distribution, which incurs no cost. So think family office, we cover family office ourselves. There's no sort of external cost to distribute that product. And there are a couple of other channels which are similar. Within the channels that we do incur a cost, the cost can come in 1 of 2 forms. It can be either a trailer against revenues, which is just netted against the revenue line or it can be an upfront placement fee, and that's expensed as it's incurred. And we're still early days in this whole evolution. But what we're seeing is a migration of the costs from upfront fees to trailer fees. And I think that reflects the quality of the product and the stickiness of the product. But you'll see within -- all of this is contemplated in the plan that we've laid out. We don't expect to see margin degradation from it. And I think you'll see a majority of the costs over time will be netted against revenues versus an explicit non-comp cost. So hopefully, that helps put the pieces together.
Marc Rowan: I'll add a little bit to it. And this is a part of a broader outlook. I mean part of what is implicit in the discussion that we've been having of origination is that we expect private assets to be -- have lots of demand and to be in shorter supply. If we're right about that, we would expect fees to be stable over a long period of time, unless there is something unexpected that happens in the industry. We've built this entire business, our industry, out of the smallest bucket of our institutional clients called alternatives. All of a sudden, we have 3 new sources of demand for private assets. Retirement is full swing into private assets. Insurance companies and others have been for a long period of time, and you're seeing them broaden out what they do. The second is individuals, individuals both through the retail channels that you've been talking about, but also through the convergence of public and private, the inclusion of private assets in public products. So we see that as really interesting growth to what's happening. And then we see our institutions who historically have only invested in private assets out of their alternative business beginning to invest in private assets out of their much larger and heretofore untapped fixed income bucket. If we're right, we expect there to be significant demand for private assets, and the supply of private assets is not the same as the supply for an asset manager. It is up to each of the firms in their respective areas and where they have expertise to generate these assets that offer excess return per unit of risk. That's after all the promise of private markets.
Operator: The next question is coming from Brennan Hawken of UBS.
Brennan Hawken: So thanks for the adjusted metric of origination. It looks like it largely maps to the prior debt origination disclosure, but maybe can you speak to the equity that you added that's reflected now in the new number and where that's largely sourced from? And then also, you have 16 origination platforms. And I believe historically, you guys have talked about rationalizing that footprint and reducing the number of platforms. So could you give us an update on those efforts and maybe updated expectations for how many platforms you expect and what impact that will have on the P&L?
James Zelter: Sure. This is Jim. I'll just go through some basic numbers and Martin can give some color as well. But the $62 billion is the origination number for the quarter. And it's really a vast majority of is the debt origination, mid- to high 50s is debt origination. And that's split on the debt side between the platforms and the core credit, that's a lion's share of that with also our high-grade capital solutions. Certainly, it's our view, the 16 platforms we've organized, and Chris Edson now is the person who runs our global origination business, we brought it all together. We have it run in 3 or 4 buckets where there's a rationalization of oversight, there's symmetry and risk and sourcing and analytics. And so we're not tied to the number. We did sell one in the past, and it really was a question of the size of the flow that we received versus the equity investment got out of balance. But for the most part, we're very, very happy with the 16 today. They're diverse in terms of product set. They're diverse in terms of regional and global coverage. They do have one similarity, senior-secured top-of-the-capital structure risk, the 4 biggest being ATLAS, MidCap, Redding Ridge and Wheels. So we're very focused on those 16 and don't see any more rationalization other than how we oversee and direct the business. And again, this is where the Apollo ecosystem and our historic private equity mentality, we bring that mentality, that oversight of centralized analytics to these capital markets and origination activities, and we've been very successful. The other areas, the core credit, large-cap originations, CLO, CRE are all going along. We do have a number north of 12 origination partnerships, only a couple of which are public. Obviously, namely Citi was quite a large name. And so from our perspective, the business is -- we feel we are a market leader. Following the nomenclature that's used by many of our peers in the conversations in these conference calls, it seems like there is a lot of renaissance and insight into this strategy. But we feel we are the market leader, and it's all about capturing that great yield on a risk-adjusted basis. So no big change in the strategy.
Marc Rowan: So I'm going to just pick up on two tangents, the first on cost. Recall that these platforms are stand-alone entities. We generally -- we may start owning 100% of them, but we generally do not own 100% of the sizable platforms over time. We own them, as I suggested earlier, in partnership with institutional investors and in partnership, in some cases, with people who would view competitive peer insurance companies. There is no expense drip, if you will, from the platforms. The platforms bear their own expenses, and it's part of the ROE of a platform. And by the way, the ROEs on the platform are generally quite good. And they form a bulk of what is inside of AAA at this point in time. So you can see the synergy of how the business works together. The part we didn't talk about was equity, and I think it's interesting to talk about equity. Our 5-year plan envisions very substantial penetration of fixed income replacement. Recall, the 5-year plan calls for a doubling of the size of our credit business, which is already our largest business. But in contrast to our first 5-year plan, the second 5-year plan also forecasts that we will substantially grow our equity business, particularly in hybrid equity. Hybrid being not a hybrid like a bank hybrid, but hybrid being the midpoint between debt and equity. Think of it as lower risk, lower reward equity. Starting to measure that, holding the teams responsible for that is a key part of the way the business is run. And so putting it out there and having a report card with all of you that shows how we're doing, I believe to be very important. I thought the team did a very good job and presented a very compelling case for the growth of the equity franchise over a period of time, and it's a key plank in our strategy, and measuring is where it starts.
Operator: The next question is coming from Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Maybe just back on the origination at $62 billion, you're obviously annualized, that's almost $250 million and your goal is $275 million per annum over the next 5 years. So just wanted to get some context on where this level could go if there are any significant capacity constraints that would limit you from going materially higher than a $275 million run rate. And then as you distribute that, I think the template has been 25% third party, 50% Athene and 25% syndication. How might any kind of overage of -- if you exceed your goals on $275 million and as you think about the allocation through the different parts of that -- of those businesses, how might those change if the origination exceeds those goals?
James Zelter: Well, thank you. It's Jim. Since we're a broad 60 days into our 5-year plan, we're not going to adjust the number at this point in time. But I guess I'd give you a little -- let me give you a little bit more color on the business in terms of spread and scale and breadth. And I'd also -- before I get into that, like this is the whole -- the philosophy of the third-party business, the philosophy on syndication, open architecture, evergreen products. These all tie into the notion of expanding the footprint, expanding origination, having partnerships and wanting 25% of everything and 100% of nothing. This all is very consistent with that theme. I will give you a bit of color. What we have found year-to-date over the last 24 months is on the origination platforms, which have grown nicely and are a big contributor, that the actual spreads on the products that we're creating has stayed in that mid-300s, approaching 400 over on a spread basis. And the -- notwithstanding the volatility in the treasury market and the compression of spreads in public corporate credit, which has been very, very strong, over 150 basis points of compression spreads, spreads have tightened maybe 10 to 15 basis points out of the origination platform. So approximately 400 over to 385, 390. On the traditional credit platforms, we've had a bit more compression. If the public markets have compressed 150 basis points, we've got about 60, 70 basis points of compression in spread. And when you add that all up, we are -- we were in the 410 area about a year or so ago, we're like in the 375, 380 zip code today. So compelling scaled value proposition, which is really feeding all of our business. It's feeding ADS, it's feeding AAA, it's feeding ASPC, all the products and will so in the future. We're excited about the launch of ABC in terms of our asset-backed corporation. But again, I think it would be presumptive to expand that estimate of our scale, but I don't want to underestimate the impact of the flywheel of syndication of ACS, of global wealth, of third-party insurance, which it touches on all of those.
Operator: The next question is coming from Ken Worthington of JPMorgan Chase.
Kenneth Worthington: Rates have backed up subsequent to the end of the quarter. How does the move impact the hedges that you called out last quarter? And to what extent are you using the higher rates to engage to further fix your floating assets? And is the move that we've seen in rates enough to impact spreads as we think about 4Q?
Martin Kelly: Our plan, I think as we were clear, is to maintain a net floating rate position around $15 billion. And so a move in rates won't change that hedge posture, certainly within the context of what we're seeing. And if you recall from the Investor Day, we had modeled our expectations that we'd have 6 rate cuts or the equivalent of 6 rate cuts in the estimates we provided 2 this year and another 4 before the end of next year. So that's looking more realistic today than I think it was back a month, 6 weeks ago. So Ken, no real change, we're just -- it's obviously a component of earnings. And we were pretty clear about extreme moves in rates on the up and the down and how that affects the blended growth of the business after core earnings growth. But no change to hedge posture or outlook.
Operator: The next question is coming from Ben Budish of Barclays.
Benjamin Budish: I wanted to ask about the SRE guidance. If I just think back to last quarter, can you unpack a little bit what went sort of better than expected? When I look at least at Street numbers, it looked like your cost of funds came in a little lower than expected. And then thinking through to Q4, your full year guidance is unchanged. So thinking about what perhaps went better this quarter. Is there some sort of reversal expected or any kind of timing differences? How should we be thinking about those different factors?
Martin Kelly: Yes. So we had a $20 billion quarter. So that's very strong, and that drove earnings. We also were able to invest at the margin. And sort of using the metrics that Jim just walked through, the spread that we are able to earn on assets at the margin was a bit better than we were expecting it to be. So it's really those 2 components. I mentioned that we expect Q4 to be more or less the same as Q3 in terms of SRE dollars, assuming 11% return on alts. That would get you to a 5% growth rate for the year like-for-like. We said 4% at the Investor Day. So it's sort of right on top of what we suggested. So no real change, it's just we had a larger quarter in top line growth and that pulled through to reported SRE.
Operator: The next question is coming from Dan Fannon of Jefferies.
Daniel Fannon: So just a follow-up on that question. So are the changes to the alternatives allocation for retirement services complete? I think you mentioned AAA now represents 8%. So therefore, getting to that 11% normalized return given AAA's performance, is that what we should be expecting going forward?
Martin Kelly: Yes. The answer is yes, they are complete. So -- and I'll just provide some context around what the portfolio looks like today. So about 80% of the alts portfolio is represented by AAA. About 10% is represented by retirement services platforms that we retain, Athora principally and a small exposure to Venerable. The other platforms have all been repositioned or sold within the group in the third quarter. And the other 10% is other investments typically in hybrid type fund investments around the platform that we would expect would generate teens returns over time. So we have done the repositioning that's behind us. And we obviously believe that, that will help in getting to sustained sort of 11% -- circa 11% returns over time.
Operator: Our final question today is coming from Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: I was hoping you could update us on the use of your sidecar vehicle ADIP. I recall in the past, you guys had talked about ADIP taking down about 40% to 45% or so of new funds over time. I think year-to-date, it's a bit less than that. Just curious if you could just update us on how you see that evolving over the next couple of years. What factors you consider in toggling ADIP's contribution higher? And then in what scenario might you increase the dividend out of Athene relative to your guide for the consistent $750 million a year of dividends?
Martin Kelly: So we outlined that the SRE growth is governed by or driven by a couple of different components. Obviously, the underlying core growth in the business is one; rates, two; back book repositioning, three; and then the contribution of ADIP capital to taking down new business as the fourth. There are some choices in there that we can make, and we were pretty clear that within parameters that we've established, we can make choices to increase or decrease the participation that ADIP has over time. And that's relevant not just in aggregate, but it's also relevant at the product level. And so that's part of how we are able to achieve the earnings growth that we've outlined. I think over time, you should expect that the rate of participation will be consistent with that long-term average. So think sort of mid- to high 30s, 40% as an appropriate return -- percentage participation in business over time.
Marc Rowan: Maybe I'll just close it out with just 2 additional thoughts. In terms of capital, as you know, we take roughly a $750 million a year dividend out of Athene. The forecast that we gave you does not have any real change in that because it is also tied to a substantial amount of growth in the retirement services business. And growth, as Martin suggested, can be organic growth in the business, or Athene always has a choice to own more of the business that it creates rather than giving it out to the sidecar, which is not done on a deal-by-deal basis, it's done over a long period of time and over a vintage. So it's not something you can change immediately. But you should assume, as Martin suggested, that the dividend out of Athene remains the same, absent a real falloff in business, which we do not expect. I do think it's worth a question on the sidecar. This is something that we've tried very hard to get -- to make a point on. The insurance business, the retirement services business is so attractive that we actually have clients who pay us to be in the business with us. Not only do they pay in the sidecar the same asset management fees that Athene pays, they also pay a fronting fee to Athene for putting the business on the books, and they pay a fee in terms of promote on the overall. And so the ability to put more than $6 billion into a sidecar reflects a belief that we will use this responsibly, and we will generate high rates of return on a responsible basis over a long period of time. If you do that, you get to raise a sidecar. If you don't do that, you are forced to build the business solely with your own capital to subsidize. That is a little bit of what we see going on in the industry today. And recall that capital regimes in the U.S. and Bermuda on the one hand and capital regimes in places like Cayman and the other are totally different. I do believe a word of caution in our industry. Anytime you hear people have gone to Cayman, you should just divide the capital by 2. I do not personally believe that is going to end well, and it's not where we intend or how we run the business. We want to do things on a long-term sustainable basis that provide good rates of return for people while having adequate capital in the business.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Gunn for closing comments.
Noah Gunn: Great. I'd just like to close by saying on behalf of our entire team, we really appreciate, again, all the time that you've given to us and focusing on our business between Investor Day and today's call. If you have any follow-up questions on anything we discuss, feel free to follow up with us directly, and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Management's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. During todays discussion, all callers will be placed in listen-only mode, and following managements prepared remarks, the conference call will be open for questions. Please limit yourself to one question and then rejoin the queue. This conference call is being recorded. This call may include forward-looking statements and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performances. Please refer to Apollo's most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Apollo will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, which management believes are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP measures in Apollo's earnings presentation, which is available on the company's website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation for an offer to purchase an interest in any Apollo fund. I will now like to turn the call over to Noah Gunn, Global Head of Investor Relations.
Noah Gunn: Thanks operator. And welcome again everyone to our call. We appreciate the opportunity to speak with you and discuss all the momentum we are seeing across the firm. Earlier this morning, we published our earnings release and financial supplement on the Investor Relations portion of our website. We reported solid second quarter financial results, which included record quarterly FRE of $516 million or $0.84 per share and SRE of $710 million or $1.15 per share. Combined with principal investing income, HoldCo financing costs and taxes, we reported adjusted net income of $1 billion or $1.64 per share. Joining me this morning to discuss our results in further detail are Marc Rowan, CEO; Jim Zelter, Scott Kleinman, Co-President; and Martin Kelly, CFO. Before handing it over, I'd like to formally announce that we are hosting an Investor Day in New York on Tuesday, October 1st. We will provide additional detail in the coming months and hope that you will join our broader team as we discuss the exciting long-term growth opportunities in front of us. With that, I'll hand the call over to Marc.
Marc Rowan: Thank you, Noah. Good morning to all. Thank you for joining us. Happy summer. Those in New York certainly know what Im talking about. This quarter was a good reminder that great companies are built by honoring the fundamental promise they have made to their clients. In our industry, alternative assets. The fundamental promise that we make to our clients is excess return per unit of risk. Absent that, Im not sure why we as an industry would exist. This promise, the delivery of this promise was on full display across the entirety of our franchise for the quarter, through a private equity and hybrid and in our credit franchise. Just a quick tour of the quarter. In private equity we announced three transactions in the past 30 days. Travel Corp, Everi and IGT Gaming, truly an amazing stat. The team is working round the clock. If you think about the last decade of our private equity franchise which is in compass by funds 9 and 10. $45 billion of capital, $13 billion already realized. In Fund [ph] 9 as of the end of the quarter, 29 gross 20 net. In Fund 10, 47 gross and 20 net. Notwithstanding head wins across the private equity industry by people who perhaps trade from a fundamental promise. The team is doing an unbelievable job. In hybrid or equity that is private, something well talk more about on investor day. AAA, which is our flagship vehicle returned 10% over the last 12 months with on-track quarterly results. We now have positive returns in AAA 16 quarters in a row. To give you a longer-term perspective of why investors like hybrid, we've had two down quarters over the past 38. In a market characterized by volatility, by indexation and correlation, by key bets on very high-flying companies, the notion that you can achieve double-digit rates of return in the equity market and still have downside protection and reduce volatility is incredibly attractive to investors across the entire spectrum, from retirees to those seeking to accumulate. We have 17 billion of NAV now in our AAA vehicle, and as I've suggested, I expect this will be our largest fund over a period of time. Credit, which is the largest of our franchise, also had an amazing quarter. We were early in credit, and we have built a leading and a differentiated franchise. Recall that the differentiation of our franchise is a unique focus on investment grade, private investment grade to be specific. To give you just some of the performance stats for our major vehicles for the quarter, our total return fund up nearly 2% for the quarter, 10% latest 12 months. Structured credit and ABS, 2% for the quarter, 15% for the latest 12 months. ADS, our direct lending vehicle, private market BDC, if you will, up 3.4% for the quarter, 17% latest 12 months. Direct origination, 3.8% for the quarter, 19% for latest 12 months. Across the entirety of the franchise, equity, hybrid, and credit, this was an awesome quarter. I start with performance because ultimately the reward for good performance is more work. In our case, more work is inflows. We had record inflows for the quarter for a non-PE franchise year of $39 billion. Institutional was $16 billion, global wealth, $4 billion, up 50% versus the first quarter, and Athene had organic inflows of $17 billion. It was truly a great quarter across asset management. Asset management is generally better fitting from tailwinds. What we're seeing in our business is not the result of a quarterly spike or peak. We're seeing a fundamental shift in the marketplace, and it is happening across the entirety of our franchise. If you step back and think about what the big drivers are, certainly the big driver in credit, we are looking at three really interesting trends. Think of the places that capital is needed in our economy over the next decade. We are going to spend an awful lot of money on next generation of infrastructure for data centers and AI. We are going to spend an equal amount of money for energy transition, and we are going to spend a lot of money on what I'll call normal infrastructure. All three of those things are long dated. Many of them are structured. Many of them are complex. These are the kinds of things that are not well suited for institutions who are funded short. These are exactly the kinds of transactions in the investment grade market that we expect to drive our business and are driving our business. The way we look at the driver of our business, certainly in credit, is by originations. Recall that we have a $125 billion target for this year for originations. We originated $52 billion in the quarter, including $11 billion from Intel alone. We are quickly approaching the $150 billion target that we set for 2026, and the team is unhappy to hear this because they know I'm going to revise the number up. Just to give you a sense for how strong the trends are, year-to-date we've deployed $17 billion in next generation infrastructure alone. I expect this not to be a one or two quarter blip. I expect this to drive our business over the next decade against the backdrop of regulatory change, against the backdrop of government borrowing, and all the other trends that we know are happening in fixed income. Origination also drives for us capital solutions. Capital solutions, fees, and revenues are the byproduct of a successful origination franchise. Fee revenue totaled more than $200 million. We are on pace for a record year. Our pipeline is as strong as it has ever been, and we will continue to build out the business both by industry and by geography, including major advances in Australia and in Asia because the need for originated high quality investment grade assets with spread is global. Let me turn now to Athene and Retirement Services. Retirement Services is now in its 15th year. We've basically grown our earnings over 15 years at 15%, including 26% last year. Just like in asset management, good performance is ultimately rewarded with more capital. In Athenes case, this is the ability to attract strategic investors to support Athene through its sidecar, which we call ADIP. ADIP is the capital engine that helps Athene scale its business and run a truly efficient franchise. ADIP II has now closed and raised $6 billion, almost twice as much as ADIP I. As far as we know, this is the largest third-party capital sidecar in the retirement services industry. For the quarter, Athene hit every operating metric. New business volumes, underwritten returns, credit quality, expenses, surrenders, capital. Profitability for the quarter was impacted by the roll-off of exceptionally profitable business, which was put on during the peak of COVID. That same roll-off of business will also occur in the next quarter. Also during the quarter, the disagreement over the direction of interest rates toward the beginning of the quarter provided us opportunities to do additional hedging, which we did for the quarter. The roll-off of this business and hedging essentially cost us growth for the quarter and will cost us growth for Q3. We expect by Q4 the business to grow and to be back on trend, the result being that we will achieve in our estimation mid-single-digits SRE growth for the year, accounting for the two lost quarters, and we will return to trend double-digit growth next year. Martin will detail further and will dissect the pieces of this business, which I know are of interest to many of you. Athene is on track for 70 billion of organic inflows for the year. When I step back, we are simply fortunate to have delivered on our core promise to customers and to be in a market and in an industry that is driven by long-term to tailwinds. We have essentially four tailwinds in front of us. The first I've already detailed, which is this voracious need for capital, most of which we believe to be investment grade. That will drive our fixed-income franchise, fixed-income replacement. The second, retirement is a fact of life. We are all getting older. We have so far over the first 15 years at Athene, one, by producing incredibly good returns not just for investors but for customers, but essentially what we have done is we have modernized existing products. The opportunity now exists for the entire next generation of products to serve retirees, whether they are in the traditional insurance sector or they are in the vast pool of 401-K, which here to four has been off limits to most alternative assets providers. The third, our entire industry over a 40-year period has been built out of a small bucket of the institutional marketplace. We are watching an individual marketplace, led by family offices and high-network individuals that I believe will grow to be the size of the institutional market over time. Finally, and a notion that we will spend lots of time on in investor day, we are watching investors fundamentally rethink the difference between public and private. We grew up thinking that private was risky and that public was safe, and that probably was true 40 years ago. Private represented three products, private equity, venture capital and hedge funds, and public diversified portfolio of stocks and bonds. What if our fundamental premise is wrong? What if private is both safe and risky and public is both safe and risky? The entire basis on which we have constructed portfolio allocation will need to be rethought. I don't have to guess at this. This is already happening in the fixed income bucket of our large institutional clients who are making daily trade-offs between public investment grade and private investment grade. It is happening in fixed income first because there are helpful gatekeepers or signposts called rating agencies who help investors discern quality between public and private markets. It is also helped by that there is not real liquidity in public fixed income markets, so the trade-off of liquidity is not that immense. The opportunity in front of us over the next few years is fixed income replacement, which will provide a turbo charge to an otherwise healthy business. But make no mistake, replacement is coming for the equity business as well. We will end up with a portion of public equity that decides that equity can be private as well. And we will have access to other parts of our institutional investors allocation. We look forward to seeing you at investor day. And it certainly has been an active summer. And with that, I will turn it over to Scott.
Scott Kleinman: Thanks. And as Marc touched on, each of our core business drivers, deployment, investment performance and capital formation, were strong in the second quarter and highlight that momentum across Apollo is building. As we've discussed, our current five-year plan is underpinned by three strategic growth pillars, including origination, global wealth and capital solutions, all of which are tracking ahead of our 2026 targets and fueling growth in our franchise and our earnings power. On the investing front, gross capital deployment surged to a record $70 billion in the second quarter. The driving force of this strong investing activity was debt origination, complemented by deployment in hybrid and equity strategies. Record debt origination in the second quarter was driven by broad-based strength across all three forms of origination, traditional, platforms and record levels of high-grade corporate solutions activity. Combined with the strong first quarter, debt origination volume in the first half of the year was close to the total amount originated for all of 2023, highlighting the increasing scale of our ecosystem. We expect momentum in overall deployment activity to persist given the line of sight we have to robust transaction pipelines in both our equity and debt-focused businesses. As a result of the higher interest rate backdrop and structural changes in traditional financing markets, we're seeing a lot of demand for customized, long-dated solutions that utilize debt capital, equity capital, or a combination of both. We believe we're uniquely positioned to meet this need by accessing our lower-cost, scaled long-duration capital within Athene and elsewhere, coupled with our flexible investment approach that aims to maximize risk return across the capital structure. Within second quarter activity, the Intel transaction Marc explained earlier is a prime example of how we combine these powerful advantages to serve clients in a differentiated way. Importantly, we expect the markets for these type of transactions to grow from here, supported by the multi-trillion-dollar opportunity to finance the clean energy transition and AI infrastructure build-out. Another theme we're observing in the current rate backdrop is that the bid-ask spread between buyers and sellers is persisting, hampering investment activity for most. At the industry level, the second quarter saw the lowest number of private equity deals in a quarter since the onset of COVID. This is a moment where our PE capabilities have the opportunity to shine. We believe that, unlike others, we're well positioned to capitalize amid these conditions given our ability to find value, structure creatively, and embrace complexity. As Marc highlighted, we've announced five transactions in just the last couple of months, representing approximately $15 billion in total enterprise value at an average creation multiple of under seven times. And our deal pipeline looks strong from here. Ultimately, all of our sourcing and origination activity is a function of being able to find interesting investments and deliver good outcomes. And indeed, we're doing that across the business. Returns across our yield-focused strategies remain strong. For example, direct origination and structured credit portfolios have appreciated 19% and 15% respectively over the last 12 months. Hybrid Value had a standout quarter with a portfolio appreciating 5% in the second quarter and 17% over the last year. And another of our flagship hybrid businesses, Accord & Accord Plus, has also delivered robust returns over the past year, totaling 17%. And as Marc alluded to earlier, our PE portfolios are enjoying very strong performance and are marked at very defensible valuations. Strong investment results are helping to drive strong capital formation. Inflow is totaled $39 billion in the second quarter across our asset management and retirement services businesses, bringing total inflows close to $80 billion in the first half of the year. Within that, third-party fundraising, excluding any leverage or segment transfers, has been particularly robust, totaling $20 billion and $33 billion in the second quarter and year-to-date, respectively. This momentum gives us confidence that we're on track to achieve our $50 billion fundraising target this year. Second quarter fundraising activity included a record amount of third-party capital raised in yields, as well as strong hybrid inflows. Fundraising was diverse across a range of products and also benefited from some sizable institutional commitments. Some of the more significant drivers by strategy included asset-backed finance, multi-credit, large cap direct lending, ADIP, opportunistic credit, and infrastructure equity. Additionally, we recently secured a sizable strategic investment from Mizuho Bank in Apollo Clean Transition Capital, our flagship climate and transition credit strategy. This capital enables us to continue building a strong portfolio following initial seed investments in 2023 as we position the strategy for a broader fundraise next year. Importantly, Mizuho's limited partner commitment is the largest they've ever made, which speaks to their support and advocacy of energy transition as well as the broader Apollo relationship. Turning to global wealth, our momentum remains strong as we continue to solidify our position as one of the top players in the market. We've raised north of $6 billion in the first half of the year, including record fundraising in the second quarter, positioning us to exceed the $8 billion of capital raised last year. The most significant contributor to our growth momentum is Apollo Debt Solutions, the non-traded credit BDC we manage. Performance remains stellar with the fund's class, share returning more than 13% net over the past year from a portfolio comprised almost entirely of first-lien loans. Monthly inflows averaged over $500 million in the second quarter, reflecting these strong returns, continued traction with global distribution partners, as well as new approvals across channels. Additionally, we're focused on further broadening access to the strategy on a geographic basis by extending into Europe, Asia, and LatAm via our Luxembourg-based product platform. As we think about the evolution of our private credit offering in the global wealth channel, we're very excited about introducing an asset-back strategy as a compliment to what we've built with ADS. Initial interest in Apollo Asset-Back Credit Company, or ABC, has been quite strong, as we believe distributors recognize the scale, diversity, and maturity of our asset-backed finance franchise as a significant competitive advantage. We've just launched ABC in the global wealth market, and we expect flows to increase as we expand distribution to wirehouses over the coming quarters. More broadly, as we think about how best to access different client segments, we've also been engaged in a number of conversations around partnerships. Our role can and will take on multiple forms, ranging from joint ventures to parts provider. We're at the center of these conversations in what's an incredibly robust opportunity set. With that, let me turn it over to Martin to cover our financial results and more detail.
Martin Kelly: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. So as we execute on our strategy, the building blocks powering our business, asset origination, capital formation, and investment performance, as you've heard, are setting us up to continue generating attractive long-term earnings growth. Let me close out with some comments on our Q2 financial performance and outlook in advance of a comprehensive review about next five years at our Investor Day on October 1. Starting with FRE results, fee-related revenues increased 11% quarter-over-quarter and 18% year-over-year, driven by solid growth across all three revenue streams. Management fees grew 3% and 8% respectively, driven by strong capital formation activity. Capital solutions fees, as you heard, exceeded $200 million in a quarter for the first time, reflecting strong growth across the border debt origination ecosystem that included a record quarter of high-grade corporate solutions activity. And fee-related performance fees, which are spread-based versus NAV-based in our business, continued their upward trajectory. Driven by our credit business, including growth in ADS, these fees have a high degree of stability and are now run-rating at more than $200 million on an annualized basis. Looking to the second half of the year, management fee growth should be aided by healthy organic and closer to Athene, fundraising activity in equity strategies, and the deployment of capital with already raised. We're currently sitting on a record $55 billion of management fee eligible AUM, of which approximately 80% is in yield and hybrid strategies, which generate fees when the capital is invested. Given the robust results in capital solutions in the first half of the year, we expect full year fees to be stronger than originally expected, inclusive of expectations for normalized fee revenue in the third and fourth quarters, supported by the very healthy pipeline that Marc referenced. Turning to FRE expenses, the sequential increase in fee-related compensation resulted from continued investments in building out our capital formation and credit investing teams, as well as some pull-through of strong fee-related revenues to compensation. We also recognized a $15 million one-time item in non-comp expenses related to a fund merger that we previously commented on. Importantly, we're on track to grow total fee-related expenses by a low double-digit rate in 2024, inclusive of the one-time expense. SRE, so moving on to retirement services, the fundamentals underpinning a themed business remain fully intact and very strong relative to the industry. Organic inflows continue to be robust, totaling $17 billion in the second quarter and $37 billion year-to-date. We are benefiting from our four organic growth channels and leading market share in the U.S. annuity market as well as strong secular tailwinds driving demand for retirement income solutions. The combination of our first half results and competitive positioning gives us continued confidence in reaching our $70 billion organic inflow target for the full year. Profitability on new business has remained in line with targeted returns, both in terms of spread and ROE. Through our differentiated origination capabilities, we're able to invest new business volumes in attractive investments that generate excess spread through structure and liquidity. We've continued to deliver value so far this year, driven by deployment into directly originated investment-grade credit of more than $10 billion with an attractive excess spread of approximately 200 basis points above comparably rated public corporate benchmarks. In terms of our Q2 financial results, adjusting for long-term expectations of 11% for the alternative portfolio, the net spread would have been 27 basis points higher. And on a comparable basis, the Q2 net spread was six basis points lower than Q1. There are three dynamics that influence the spread performance. One, nearly $4 billion of highly profitable funding agreements issued during COVID market uncertainty at a low 2% cost of funds and invested at attractive spreads matured in Q2. Two, we strategically executed hedges, primarily in Q1 and in Q2, to immunize earnings exposure to potential changes in interest rates, the cost of which is expected to be an approximate 5% headwind to earnings growth this year. Three, we also allocated more than 40% of our first half purchases to corporate securities compared with 25% to 30% in 2023. And we experienced some back-weighted deployment activity, a dynamic we also experienced last quarter. Considering these factors and their impact on the second half of the year, along with in-line business performance, we expect our SRE growth rate for 2024 to be in the mid-signal digit percentage range, assuming 11% alternatives return. We anticipate our net spread to be approximately 150 basis points on the same basis. For the back half, we expect Q3 SRE to be in line with Q2 before growth resumes in Q4 at a more normalized rate. Turning to ADIP, integral to Athenes long-term success, we view the $6 billion fundraise for ADIP II, the second vintage of our strategic third-party capital sidecar, as further validation of Athenes attractive growth trajectory. This vehicle invests side-by-side Athene in new business, enabling Athene to scale in a capital efficient manner while providing an attractive risk-adjusted return to fund investors. Organic growth at Athene continues to be very attractive in today's environment, equating to an approximate 20% return on equity to the HoldCo when accounting for spread earnings, management fees, and sidecar fees generated. We view the sidecar strategy as a true strategic differentiator as we look to penetrate the massive retirement services addressable market in front of us. Before concluding, let me spend a moment on Athene's alts investments. Athene's alternative portfolio is highly diversified and constructed to generate a hybrid-like risk and return profile. Most of the portfolio is represented by AAA, which had a 9% return for Q2 and 10% over the last 12 months, inclusive of significant cash being held for future investment. The remainder of the portfolio is in several retirement services companies, including Athora, Catalina, Venerable, and FWD, which are all strategic investments and important to our long-term growth, but which have underperformed the broader portfolio on a market valuation basis. With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thanks very much. I just want to get a clarifier on your outlook. So you talked about what would impact the second half versus the first half on the alternative net investment income, so I appreciate that. Is the back-to-double-digit trend next year? I just want to be clear. Does that mean 2025, you hope to grow low double digits over what is the new thought process around 2024? And you mentioned that includes an 11% return on volts, which was kind of half of that recently. Maybe you could help us with what produced the underperformance of Athora and then or what seems like a good environment. Why are they not performing their normalized return? Thanks a lot.
Marc Rowan: So, Glenn, the short answer is yes to what you've said. But we do anticipate growing double digits over the results for 2024. In the Alts book, as Martin was saying, we have two types of alts. One is the invested alts. Most of the invested alts are inside of AAA, which is LTM 10-ish, just over 10. And that includes a substantial amount of cash, which is yet to be invested, which is being invested, which gives us great comfort that we'll beat 11. In terms of the back and forth over the strategic investments, Catalina and FWD have not performed well and are basically flat. Athora and Venerable in particular has been an awesome investment, but grew, I want to say, 16% to 20% last year. You just don't get a straight line. And Athora basically has been the same. It's been mid-teens rates of return, and this year it's up in the low single digits. So you do get some lumpiness quarter-to-quarter over the strategic alts. The other thing we're looking at is, and Martin mentioned this, you have a forward curve which talks about seven rate cuts. That is what we budget. And so we basically are going to an environment where we think we're going to earn low double digits against a backdrop of seven rate cuts. While we have dramatically reduced our exposure to rates, we have not fully immunized our exposure to rates. So that is a little bit of a headwind, and we're taking that into account when we're giving you guidance. Hopefully that's helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Blostein: Hi, Greg. Good morning, everybody. So, Marc, private fixed income has been obviously a huge growth driver for Apollo over the last several years, and we've spoken extensively about that. More recently, I think you started to highlight opportunities you see to further expand Apollo's private equity capabilities, and I was hoping you could spend a couple of minutes on what that could look like sort of two, three years out. I'm assuming you're going to spend quite a bit of time at the investor day, but maybe a bit of a preview would be helpful. And I guess looking at the more near-term opportunities, Fund 10 seems to be quite active, as you highlighted. How does that inform your thinking about Fund 11? Thanks.
Marc Rowan: Okay. So I'll do some of it, and then Scott will pick up as he corrects or fills in for what I screw up. Let's start with this. Private equity is the traditional business on which the alternative asset management has been built. It is a 40-year-old business. Over the last decade in particular, call it 15 years, a lot of what has been produced was not the result of great investing, but it was the result of $8 trillion of money printing. Well, guess what? We stopped printing that magnitude of money, rates went up, and lots of people in the industry mistook good performance for actually a beta bet. We did not succumb to that. We are not facing the headwinds that the general private equity industry is facing, and what I wanted to do is really call it out. The benefit of purchase price matters is you get to be on offense. In markets like this, you get to produce good returns. I personally think this sets us up well for Fund 11. We have to deliver it, though. Scott, I'll leave it to Scott to speculate on timing and other things, but I'm feeling incredibly good about what the team is doing at private equity. Fixed income replacement, which you also mentioned, is happening, and I want to distinguish that from what people normally call private credit. Most of the usage of the term private credit refers to below-investment-grade direct lending, which I actually think is a terrific business, but it is funded primarily out of the alternatives bucket as an alternative to equity allocations What I'm talking about in fixed income replacement is primarily the replacement of public investment grade with private investment grade. I mean think about Intel as an example. Intel has bank debt. Intel has public bonds and now Intel has $11 billion of investment grade private credit The fact that there is a rating agency helps investors arbitrate as to whether they prefer to be in the bank debt, the public investment grade or the private IG. And the trends, if you think about what where money is needed in the world are the ones I cited there are three really long dated structured trends that are generally not appropriate for bank balance sheets, some of it will go to the public markets but an awful lot of it will go to the private marketplace and most of it is IG. As an industry, we have basically built an entire industry out of the smallest bucket of our institutional clients. And what I was pointing out is that we as an industry and us in particular now have access to the next largest bucket fixed income. We've never had access to it before. We're starting to get access to it. We will not be the only ones, but clearly I believe that we are in the leading position to do this because we were forced to do it and have been doing it for 15 years for Athene and for the insurance industry. So we've gotten a huge head start through the building of 16 platforms and everything else, you know. I am also pointing out that I believe we will at some point get access to the equity bucket of our institutional clients. 8,000 public companies is now 4,000 public companies. Most of our investors invest in public equities through indexation. 10 companies are 35% of the S&P. Four companies determine a hundred percent of their returns. I'm not sure that that's how they really thought their public equity portfolio is. 80% of companies over $100 million of revenue are private, 80% of employment is private. I believe that we will see investors own equity that is private, which to me in addition to owning private equity the distinction being leveraged. What is private equity at the end of the day? It is equity. With active management, in this case, active management defined as control of companies with leverage added to fit into a required high return of the alternatives bucket without the leverage maybe the new form of active management is the active running of companies rather than the active buying and selling of stocks. We've built a business that we call hybrid. That is a $50 billion plus business for us today and I believe on a percentage basis, will be our fastest growing business, because the equity bucket is as yet untapped and it is the largest bucket of our institutional clients. The thing that's here and now fixed income replacement, thing that I think we look forward to replacement.
Scott Kleinman: I think Marc, Marc said that well. Going back to your question around our private equity business, you're right, deployments going very well there as I alluded to it in my comments the market we're in right now is really the sweet spot for Apollo private equity deployment, and we see that continuing regardless of what that may do in a quarter or two. So as we look at, as we look at just deployment pacing, I would expect by the end of next year Fund 10 will be largely deployed and we'll be we'll be kicking off a fundraise for Fund 11. So that should give you a sense of the timeline there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research. Please proceed with your question.
Patrick Davitt: Hi, good morning everyone. Marc at a conference a couple months ago. I think you hinted that a partnership like the KK Capital Group 1 is on the come with two hybrid liquid products planned for launch this year. Do you have any update on the progress there and when you expect to actually have products like that in the market? Thank you.
Marc Rowan: The answer is yes, I still am confident that we are on track, and you will see the first product in the market in Q3 and where I'm hoping the second product will be in the market in Q4. I'm going to give you a little, I'm going to answer more than you want because I think it's important to explain in the business. One of the things we have to decide as an industry is whether we are limited by origination capacity or not. Historically, I have thought we've been a small in this, let's say, this way, we've been a small industry. We've never thought about a limitation to our growth as the capacity to originate. We've always thought about money raising as the capacity to it. I believe as the firms have matured, the limitation to our growth is essentially our ability to originate really good assets. We're finding this in fixed income. Every really good asset we originate has a home. Okay, we did really well for the quarter. It was $50 billion. That's great. We have to think about these partnerships as additive to our franchise, not in place of our franchise. If I'm right, that origination is, in fact, the core -- the key limitation to growth. First, we have to scale origination as much as we can responsibly in the context of our culture. And second, we have to not get excited by the shiny dot of distributing to third parties and not getting full fees for assets we otherwise wouldn't want to get full fees for them by sharing them. That is how we approach these partnerships. I think you will see not just the partnerships that I've alluded to. I think you will see lots of partnerships this year. All of the big firms have a seat at the table and a right to participate in this because they originate somewhat uniquely. You are going to see lots of interesting alignments. If you think about what's happening in asset management, more generally, active management traditionally defined has had a relatively tough decade. It has not outperformed the broader index for a very substantial portion of its time. Each of those active managers is undergoing their own strategy review. In some cases, they are buying alternative managers. And in other cases, they are partnering. This to me is one of the most exciting pieces of our business because we, as an industry, not just Apollo, we will reach family offices directly. It makes sense to cover them. They're just institutions. We will reach really high net worth served by the global wealth systems and RIAs. We will not, as an industry, build the infrastructure required to reach the vast, vast majority of investors who are already well served by traditional asset managers. I believe our role is, as Scott alluded to, to be a parts provider for those pieces of our product that we can originate and we like having the excess and to be a joint venture partner. And I can't tell you exactly how it is going to align, but it is one of the more interesting parts of our business right now. It is on track relative to my comments.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brennan Hawken with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Marc, you spoke to lumpiness quarter-over-quarter in some of the strategic investments that you guys have in your alts business, which is totally understandable. But given these are strategic investments, I think it would be really helpful to understand some of the sources of the weakness within these farms. If -- and it hasn't really it's my understanding that some of the weakness in those insurance properties, earnings has not just been like a one or two quarter phenomenon. And actually, that Catalina has been losing money. So could you speak to what has caused the weakness, what is going to result in that weakness reversing? And whether or not there's any active efforts on behalf of Apollo and Athene to help to support those earnings going forward? Thank you.
Marc Rowan: Okay. So this will be -- I'm not going to use this call because it would take the whole call to go through it, but I will encourage Jim Belardi and team in their fixed income call to do a little more detail and really go through it and get you what you need. But I think the way we need to do is we need to look over a period of time. Venerable has been an extraordinarily profitable investment. I don't have the stats in front of me. But by memory, it is like 20% return over a long period of time. The business has volatility, and so we end up with very high returns in some quarter. There is nothing fundamentally wrong at Venerable. It's all doing great. Challenger, public company had a big run-up and then has been flat, but over time has been just fine. Athora had a big run-up and is now just flat and has been fine over time. Catalina, as you said, has been weak. Catalina is in the P&C closeout business. We decided that from a capital return, notwithstanding recent activity, we did not like the long-term trends of that business. So we are in the process of transitioning Catalina from its traditional business of old block P&C to simply being a sidecar for Athene. Catalina has a very attractive capital benefit for doing business in annuity through diversification benefits and otherwise. Catalina is a relatively small investment, and you should expect Catalina to be wound down over the next two years. If I step back, a little bit of what's going on here is a strategic -- is a legacy from the point in time that Apollo and Athene were not fully aligned. When Athene was its own entity and Apollo owned a third, it made sense that all the strategic stakes were held within the insurance company so that all the insurance company activity was held in a regulated entity. Since the merger, where now we own 100%. Many of these stakes should probably have been held the same way we hold MOTIV or Sophie Nova or something else as balance sheet investments of Apollo. And so what you're watching is a little bit in this quarter, a frustration on our part because on the one hand, the vast majority of the alts portfolio is doing exactly what it's supposed to do, and you're watching the lumpiness in some of the strategic stakes. The only strategic stake that is not performing where it is, is Catalina, and it's a relatively small stake and it is in the process of transitioning its business, and that's what's going on in Catalina.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks, good morning everyone. I was actually just curious on the prepared comments that the liability outflows and retirement, I think we're going to stay elevated in the third quarter driven by funding agreements, because in the fixed income presentation that you guys update every quarter, it looked like they'd be elevated in the second quarter which they were, but they were going to step down in 3Q. So I'm just wondering kind of why the difference.
Marc Rowan: I don't think there is a difference, I think you misheard. I think that we were saying that there is extraordinary levels of profitability associated with business that is terminating in the quarter rather than there will be deviations from the schedule. The schedule, as you know, we're pretty much on schedule, and we expect to be on schedule.
Martin Kelly: Yes. It's Craig, it's the run rate impact, principally. The reason we've been so transparent in publishing our expected future maturities across the portfolio is to provide that guide. And if you look at actual experience relative to expectations, it's right on top this quarter going back in time, and obviously, we expect that to be the case going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Cyprys: Hey good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to ask about Asia. I know that's come up on prior calls and conversations, just as a meaningful opportunity set for you. I was hoping maybe you can update us on your initiatives overseas and Asia, remind us of your footprint there? How you see the opportunity set unfolding? Which particular countries you're most excited about? And in particular, I'd just be curious for any updated color on what you see evolving in Japan and the opportunity there? Thank you.
Scott Kleinman: Sure. Sure. It's Scott. Yes, no, as we've alluded to in prior quarters, our Asia business continues to grow pretty substantially, albeit from a small base starting a couple of years ago. Today, we have close to a couple of hundred employees on the ground in Asia across a number of different countries and a number of different asset classes. Just walking through I would say, from a PE perspective, we have really made a lot of progress in Japan. We've now announced and executed about 4 or 5 transactions over the last couple of years in Japan and have really established our presence there, most recently, just the deal announced a couple of months ago. So really like what we see from that market from a PE perspective. Other markets for PE, India and Australia would be where we're focused for private equity. Other things we're doing across Asia. We're building out our insurance capabilities. So whether it's through flow agreements and reinsurance agreements in Japan. As you know, some stakes in companies in Australia and Hong Kong. We continue to penetrate there, both on the liability side as well as asset management side for numerous Asian insurance companies that are that are looking for improved returns for their portfolios. And then on the credit side, we're continuing to scale really pan-Asia as a real opportunity as Marc alluded to in his comments, just the need for a thoughtful long-dated credit capital there is huge. And so that business continues to scale. So overall, we're being very methodic, very true to the Apollo value orientation strategy, safe, secured strategy, but there's real opportunity and we continue to scale it. So it's right now, it's, call it, in the 5% to 10% of Apollo dollars. That's as Apollo continues to grow at the rate it's growing, that percentage will probably remain constant, but continue to grow dollar-wise.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kenneth Worthington with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Bernstein: Hi, this is Alex Bernstein on for Ken. Thanks so much for taking the questions. We wanted to double click on the transaction. You've obviously done other similar large-scale deals. Some of the examples such as AT&T and Air France come to mind. But this one is obviously quite a bit bigger. So I think we wanted to double click and get a better understanding of how the transaction came together? How it may differ from some of the other ones? Or what made some of the lessons learned from the prior ones be? And then from a P&L perspective, to what extent it flows through the 2Q results that you reported, notably on the capital markets business side? If you can provide maybe a concept of just how big of an impact it was there obviously, record returns. And then perhaps what else we can look to expect from Q3 from this transaction? Thanks so much.
Scott Kleinman: Yes. So to talk about the transaction, while you're right, Intel is a bigger transaction than some of the previous ones we've announced. The way it comes together and the way it operates is actually very consistent with how we approach this high-grade capital solution activity, right? It is really to serve these type of large blue chip companies, you really have to bring all the resources of the firm to bear from the relationships that may exist across the firm, whether it's private equity or credit or otherwise, are structuring capabilities, or underwriting capabilities, or syndication capabilities. So on a transaction like Intel, probably, if I had to guess something like 50 different folks across the firm touch that transaction as it was coming together over a period of several months. So these are not sort of desk trades, if you will, the way a small middle market private credit might happen. These are really big undertakings that only firms like Apollo with the breadth of capabilities and relationships could really do. From a scale standpoint, while it was large, these are -- given the magnitude of what's transpiring and whether it's the digital infrastructure build-out, the deglobalization and the amount of infrastructure that has to be rebuilt across the globe, the energy transition and all of the capital required there. This is becoming more the norm of the types of dialogues that we're having. So I think you're going to see more and more of this type of scale or potentially even larger. And so again, only a very small number of firms can stand up and speak to that type of capital. And as you start to deal with companies like the ones you mentioned, right, counterparties matter. These are highly structured transactions, what are, in essence, partnerships, and so who these companies are partnering with to get these transactions done really matters.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bradley Hays with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, its Bradley [Indiscernible] on for Kanz. You spoke a bit about originations driving capital solutions fees. Could you give us a bit more color on the step-up in originations in the quarter, and in particular, how the non-U.S. origination opportunity contributed to that? And how we should be thinking about the go-forward pipeline?
Marc Rowan: So I'll do a little bit and then I'll hand it over to Scott. So if you think about what we've done and you think about the world, we've done something for Sony. We've now told Corporate Japan that this is an opportunity. AB InBev, we've now told corporate Europe and Northern Europe we're open for business. Air France, we've now told that France were open for business. Vonovia, Germany, told them we're open for business. Intel with total technology and next-generation infrastructure were open for business. AT&T, open for business. What's happening is we are creating and watching the creation of a new market. The new market is being created, not just on the investor side where investors are actually considering fixed income replacement. It is happening on the issuer side. Rather than the issuer having a choice between bank debt and 10-year corporate bonds, the issuer now just has a third choice. We will not do every transaction. But the point is in the scale of the opportunity relative to the size of our business, we are watching accelerating growth. It will always be lumpy. You will always get the one big one in the quarter. But as a build and as a general trend line, we are watching private as a solution for capital needs take hold, and I like the way the strategy is shaping up. Governments around the world are going to borrow an awful lot of money over the next 10 years. We are going to have crowding. Banks are being asked directly or indirectly to stick to that, which is more matched to the shorter-term funding base, and they are generally not the right home for really long-dated capital. That leaves only two choices because capital -- credit in our economy comes from only two places. It comes from the banking system or the investment marketplace. In the investment marketplace, it can come from the public daily liquid market or it can come from the private match funded market. Not everything is going to end up in the private match-funded market, but an awful lot is going to, particularly given the three big drivers of capital.
Scott Kleinman: Yes. And just to your specific question, the -- I mean -- it should come as no surprise. We've been -- for the last two years, we've been talking about how the single most important thing we've been doing is scaling our origination capabilities in breadth and geography and category. And that's exactly what we have been doing. And an offshoot or ancillary item to origination is ACS and some of the excess that we don't consume across our controlled balance sheets, go through that ACS system. And so we've similarly been building our capabilities there. If you look at our ACS P&L, it's represented by literally hundreds of transactions. As Marc alluded to, once a quarter, there are one or two big ones, but the vast majority of what's flowing through that are just smaller trades that build up to work our quarterly earning there. And that's what you're seeing. We continue to invest in both the origination and the ACS side of our business, and we'll continue to invest in those areas because that really is the engine room, if you will, of everything else that we're talking about on the Apollo platform.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question will come from the line of Ben Budish with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Benjamin Budish: Hi, good morning. Thanks for fitting me in here, again. I wanted to just ask on the capital markets fees. You alluded to a very strong back half of the year. I don't know if it's too early to ask, but any color on what 2025 looks like? I don't know if the pipeline kind of stretches out that far. And I guess what I'm trying to get a sense of a -- or better understanding of is to what degree does the back half of this year look like, an explosion of sort of pent-up demand versus a return to normal and what that might mean for the fiscal 2025? Thank you.
Martin Kelly: Ben, it's Martin. So we -- the visible pipeline of business is about two quarters ahead, which you would probably expect. The business continues to grow. We're building our capabilities, geographies, awareness around the products and aligning the sort of supply, if you like, with demand for that. And so -- and as you recall, from the origination and platform sort of spotlight day we did almost a year ago, there are multiple homes for everything we originate. Pie goes to Athene, to its investment-grade portfolio, pie goes to third-party LPs through funds or managed accounts for which we earn a management fee and pie goes to capital solutions for which we own a transaction fee. So that makes that sort of equilibrium, if you like, holds. And as we grow the supply side, we can grow the demand side. But we would expect the business to continue ramping from here to answer your question briefly. It's an ecosystem. We have an advantage. It continues to build, and we're very enthusiastic about the growth from here.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I will now return the floor to Noah Gunn for any additional or closing comments.
Noah Gunn: Great. Thanks again for joining our call this morning. As usual, if you have any questions about anything we discussed on the call, feel free to follow up with us. And we look forward to hosting you and are excited for you to join us for our Investor Day on October 1st. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Management's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference call is being recorded. 
 This call may include forward-looking statements and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performances. Please refer to Apollo's most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. 
 Apollo will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call which management believes are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP measures in Apollo's earnings presentation, which is available on the company's website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation for an offer to purchase an interest in any Apollo fund. 
 I will now turn the call over to Noah Gunn, Global Head of Investor Relations. 
Noah Gunn: Thanks, operator, and welcome again, everyone, to our call. Earlier this morning, we published our earnings release and financial supplement on the Investor Relations portion of our website. 
 We report strong first quarter financial results, which included FRE of $462 million or $0.75 per share and SRE of $817 million or $1.32 per share. Together, these 2 earnings streams totaled $1.3 billion, increasing 18% year-over-year. 
 Combined with principal investing income, HoldCo financing costs and taxes, we reported adjusted net income of $1.1 billion or $1.72 per share, up 26% year-over-year. Additionally, we declared a quarterly cash dividend of approximately $0.46 per share for the first quarter, reflecting the new higher annual run rate level of $1.85 per share as previously announced. 
 Joining me this morning to discuss our results in further detail are Marc Rowan, CEO; Jim Zelter, Co-President; and Martin Kelly, CFO. 
 Before handing it over, I'd like to formally announce that we are hosting an Investor Day in New York on Tuesday, October 1. We will provide additional detail in the coming months and hope that you will join our broader team as we discuss the exciting long-term growth opportunities in front of us. 
 And with that, I'll now hand it over to Marc. 
Marc Rowan: Thank you, Noah, and good morning. As Noah detailed, first quarter results were strong. Personally, I was very pleased. FRE was $462 million, up 16% year-over-year. And you will hear a little bit from me but mostly from Jim, there is momentum in every part of the business. For SRE, we reported $817 million, up 19% year-over-year. Key note for the quarter, a record inflow of $20 billion for the quarter. 
 I'm going to spend some time providing color on the quarter but then quickly move to the outlook for the year. In the quarter, particularly with respect to SRE, we had 3 things going on. The first, really good. The team generated, as I suggested, $20 billion of inflows diversified across their funding channels, particularly three of their funding channels. 
 While they generated what they needed to, and origination, as you will hear, was very strong, they were somewhat mixed in terms of timing. The generation of liabilities took place at a relatively even pace, whereas most of the origination was back-end loaded, resulting in higher cash balances for the quarter, which we expect to even out across the year. The second, alternatives had a slight underperformance versus what we historically have normalized or come to expect had normalized. 
 But the biggest action in the quarter was our move to significantly derisk the floating rate book. Recall that we run a common sense strategy. When rates are very low, we have been able to earn very nice rates of return without maximizing current period SRE and putting on significant floating rate exposure, which gives us upside as rates normalize. You should expect, as rates have returned to more normalized levels, we use this as an opportunity to significantly reduce our exposure. 
 Exposure now is about $16 billion, probably where we're going to leave it for the near term. Sensitivity of 100 basis points move at floaters at this point is less than 5% of SRE. You should expect us to continue to move floating rate exposure up and down, reflecting first, the nature of our business; and the fact that we do not have -- while on the upside, we have linear participation in rates, on the downside, we do not have linear participation in rate falls. And second, there is a nice hedging element to having a certain amount of floating rate exposure vis-a-vis performance of liabilities during changes of interest rates. 
 All in all, a really strong quarter and one that gives me increased confidence that the outlook that we sketched out for all of you coming into this year will be met. I view this as on-trend. 
 FRE, we're expecting 15% to 20% growth in our -- in the non-flagship PE year versus the 25% we grew in '23. We have plenty of opportunities to invest in the business. And the trade-off as to where we end up between 15% and 20% will be, in my opinion, based on how much we choose to invest in the future. 
 SRE, we are targeting low double-digit growth, which we believe reflects the long-term run rate growth rate of our Retirement Services business. We do expect to still meet or exceed the $70 billion of organic inflows in 2024. 
 If I were to highlight momentum in the business, I'll pick out the 2 or 3 things that I think are really exceptional. The first, the lifeblood of our business is origination. $40 billion of originations for the quarter, roughly half from our platforms. Platforms, as you recall, are unique to Apollo and represent a recurring and enduring and growing source of origination. We, in my opinion, can only grow as fast as we can originate assets that provide excess return per unit of risk, and this is a significant focus for the firm. 
 Capital formation was also very strong for the quarter. Before I touch on the numbers, I'll touch on the philosophy. Capital formation is an important part of our business, but we have to be very careful to be measured in capital formation and not simply accept money at all costs at all times. We need to invest it prudently, particularly in new and growing segments where we are building investor trust. 
 For the quarter, capital formation was $40 billion, roughly $20 billion coming from Retirement Services and $20 billion coming from asset management. In the asset management business, there was a lot of momentum in global wealth, in particular, very strong performance at ADS. Recall that ADS is our 100% first lien, lowest leverage, run defensively, direct lending business. The team there has done a spectacular job. 
 There's also momentum in institutional. I'd pick out asset-based finance and third-party insurance as highlights for the quarter. Asset-backed finance is directly tied to our capacity to originate as many of the products that come off our platforms end up or are consumed in asset-backed form. 
 It is also tied to our philosophy of wanting 25% of everything and 100% of nothing, which produces unique alignment with our third-party insurance and third-party institutional and other clients. ABF is particularly well suited to insurance company balance sheets. There were $8 billion of ABF flows in Q1, including a multibillion dollar strategic investment from a like-minded leading financial institution. 
 In summary, momentum has been building in the quarter. And I believe we are set for and on track, consistent with guidance here. While this year is interesting, and Noah has already highlighted our Investor Day, share with you how the team thinks about the future. 
 We are in a really exciting industry. The two big pillars of growth that we see ahead of us are first, retirement. Like it or not, we're all getting older. The need for guaranteed lifetime income, guaranteed retirement income everywhere in the world exceeds what is currently provided. Whether you look at aging of population, whether you look at the decline of defined benefit plans, whether you look at the inadequacy or lack of preparation of governments around the world, I continue to believe that retirement is going to be a massive driver of our business. Retirement is ultimately built on a foundation of fixed income. 
 The second and perhaps bigger trend in our business is a wholesale revisiting by investors of the ABCs of portfolio construction. And when I say investors, I mean institutions and individuals. We are an industry that has been built out of the smallest asset allocation of our institutional clients. 
 In a very simple way, I think of our institutional clients as being primarily allocated, at least half to publicly traded equities; 30% allocated to publicly traded fixed income; and 20% allocated to everything else, meaning alternatives. Our entire industry growth has been out of that 20% bucket. 
 20% is the so-called private or alternative bucket made sense in a world where private was risky and public was safe. I believe we are revisiting the most fundamental concepts that underlie our financial markets. Private now goes from AA to levered equity; and public, which was 8,000 public companies, there's now 4,000 public companies. And the reality is 10 represents 35% of the S&P 500 and unique concentration to 2 or 3 companies. 
 Investors are already looking to their fixed income bucket, which historically has been off limits, and starting to ask questions about what is the difference between public and private? If both are safe and risky, this is just a question of liquidity trade-off. And liquidity trade-off is actually getting much, much closer. Liquidity in publicly traded fixed income is at record lows. Liquidity for private credit is actually increasing daily. 
 We are not -- I'm not saying that we're going to pass each other, but the notion that investors will begin to allocate to private markets, an entire asset bucket that they have not historically allocated to private markets, presents our entire industry with just an unusual path toward extreme growth. 
 I believe the same will happen in the equity bucket. An investor who wants exposure to the economy used to get it in public markets. Now more than half the economy is in private markets. While that allocation may not be to private equity, private equity being a product, a 10-year locked-up fund seeking very high rates of return with leverage. I believe investors increasingly will seek out equity exposure in private markets in other forms that exist today. And it is our job, as in our industry, to create the products for the future to allow investors to access 100% of the economy, given that it is no longer in public markets. 
 For us to succeed, this is not really a question of opportunity, this is a question of execution. Execution starts with origination. We can only grow our business as fast as we can originate. As you heard, $40 billion for the quarter. We have discussed publicly $125 billion goal of origination for the year. Our original 5-year plan had us getting to $150 billion by 2026, which I hope we will exceed. And no doubt, Investor Day will exceed $200 million (sic) [ $200 billion ] as our midrange target for where we need to be in origination. Again, growth in our business is limited only by our capacity to eliminate -- to originate good risk. 
 The second thing we need to do is to prepare for a change in how capital is formed. Capital -- the change is already happening, given the importance of global wealth to our industry. And we will be one of the successful players in that industry. And we value these relationships and run the business on a long-term basis. 
 We are essentially needing to build different ways of communicating with our clients. Historically, as you know, we've raised money from our institutional clients out of their alternatives bucket. And increasingly, we will need to cover their fixed income bucket and eventually their equity bucket. I believe we are well positioned to do this, and this is coming at a good time for us and for our industry. 
 And also if one steps back and thinks about where capital need is in the world, whether it's infrastructure, whether it's energy transition or whether it is to adapt to new technologies of data centers and the need for power, all three of those things represent long-term financing. 
 I do not believe that long-term financing is well suited to the shorter-nature balance sheets of the banking system nor to the daily liquid fund market. Increasingly, these long-term capital needs will be matched with long-term funding from our retail and institutional clients. 
 So again, number one, origination; number two, capital formation; and finally, product development, particularly in equity. 
 The migration of the fixed income bucket to private markets is already happening, and it's happening faster than I thought. In some ways, we expect that because there are signposts there. Rating agencies rate things in public markets and private markets. And so investors, as they begin to think about this transition, can look to credit ratings and others as a sign of comparability between public market and private market risk. 
 Equity markets lack the same sort of signposts. It is up to us as an industry to develop those kinds of products, and I'm excited about what the future looks like, not just in transition in the credit bucket but also in the equity bucket. 
 In summary, I like the hand we're playing. We are incredibly well positioned in Retirement Services with a decade-long lead over most of our competition. The work we have done on fixed income replacement and private investment grade, I believe, is particularly well suited for the transition that is taking place as institutions and individuals migrate their historically 100% public fixed income exposure to public and private. And I believe we are well positioned with our hybrid business to begin to address the migration that I expect to take place in equity. 
 Jim, over to you. 
James Zelter: Great. Thanks, Marc. Let me dive into a few more details. The foundation of our business is built upon delivering strong investment returns for our clients. And we have historically done so by upholding a purchase price matters investment philosophy across market cycles and strategies, which embrace downside protection structure in return for excess return per unit of risk. 
 Most recently, the industry has evolved into a paradigm marked by higher for longer rates, tighter spreads and extreme valuations, and we've responded accordingly. Over the last several quarters, we focused on larger companies and transactions at the top of the capital structure while employing less leverage than others in the industry. 
 Marc mentioned the ADS, Apollo Debt Solutions. There's a great example of that, where we produced a 14.5% return over the last year but a conservatively levered balance sheet of 0.6 with a 100% corporate loan portfolio. 
 Additionally, we continue to generate meaningful excess return in this intersection of equity and credit, which we define as hybrid, driven by a variety of structural changes and inefficiencies in the market. Our 2 flagship strategies in this area, the Accord series and the Hybrid Value series, have generated particularly strong returns, appreciating 4% in the first quarter and more than 16% over the last year. 
 Alongside investment performance, capital formation is a critical driver of our growth. We generated strong inflows across the business in the first quarter, as Marc highlighted, including $20 billion from our asset management business and $20 billion from Athene. And organic inflows, excluding any leverage or segment transfers, totaled $33 billion, which is on track with our $120 billion target for the year. 
 Double-clicking on this third-party fundraising. Credit-oriented strategies were very much in focus and accounted for more than 80% of capital raised in the quarter. Some of the more significant contributors included $3 billion to broadly support the growth of the Atlas ecosystem, $3 billion for high-grade alpha separately managed accounts, $2 billion for large-cap direct lending and our recently launched asset-based -- asset-backed finance fund. 
 As Marc mentioned, it is worth double-clicking on the fact that we've raised $6.5 billion of the capital from third-party insurers, reflecting the significant roads -- inroads we've made in this important growth area over the last handful of years. We're focused on delivering strategies that sit at the intersection of Athene's unique SRE playbook and Apollo's broad asset management capabilities, namely investment-grade private credit, which we believe is ideally suited for these insurance company investment portfolios. 
 To illustrate the scale of our alpha-generating capabilities, we've originated close to $80 billion of assets through platforms and corporate solutions over the last 12 months, which has generated between 150 and 200 basis points of excess spread versus comparatively rated liquid credits. As we continue to grow in these debt origination capabilities, we expect there will be growing interest from third-party insurers to invest alongside in the full spectrum of our ecosystem, a dynamic we've started to see. And all this works because of our alignment with Athene, which is critical to our value proposition. 
 Moving on to global wealth, which is a strategic and growing contributor of our capital formation activity. Our journey in building out this business, we've realized there are 5 crucial components in order to succeed: Investment performance, education, distribution capabilities, technology and a diversified product list, all of which we've successfully established over the last 24 months. 
 We believe that only a small group of firms can deliver on all 5. And with continued strategic focus and investment, we see ourselves among the best positioned for long-term success. The numbers bear this out as we've more than doubled our run rate fundraising level with our holistic suite of products. Monthly inflows approached $1 billion in April, a meaningful increase from approximately $650 million just a quarter ago and less than $400 million a year ago. 
 As I mentioned, one of the primary drivers of this activity has been our flagship corporate direct lending offering, ADS. April subscriptions totaled over $500 million, bringing year-to-date subscriptions to approximately $1.7 billion. And this represents approximately a 400% increase in flows year-to-date compared to last year. 
 Part of the step-up reflects recent market share gains in the non-traded BDC space with ADS capturing 17% of total inflows in 2024 so far compared to only 10% at the run rate in the fourth quarter. This overall growth has been enabled by leading investment performance combined with our expanding distribution footprint and attractive yield. 
 The next step in the expansion of our credit-focused product set within global wealth channel, we're on track to launch a new asset-backed finance vehicle in the coming weeks. Apollo asset-backed credit company, or ABC, is a semiliquid turnkey solution designed to provide our credit investors across our differentiating -- to access our differentiated origination capabilities and builds on the initial traction we've seen in our broader asset-backed franchise. 
 We believe the breadth and scale of our proprietary origination ecosystem, not just for sourcing from Wall Street, will position us to be a market leader in this nascent and important growth area of the global wealth market. Importantly, we structured ABC as an operating company, enabling us to access our full range of origination capabilities versus other traditional private credit structures. 
 And finally, Apollo Aligned Alternatives, better known as AAA, is our semiliquid equity replacement strategy, continues to be an important part of our global wealth offering. We raised $700 million of capital in the first quarter and continue to see strong fundraising momentum. 
 We have a pipeline of new distribution partners preparing to launch the fund over the next course of the year. And interestingly, we're also seeing growing interest from the consultant community and insurance companies as a cost-effective, scaled solution for private markets exposure. 
 Stepping back for a moment. We've observed that many in our industry have discovered the language of origination. As a result, our definition of fixed income replacement and private credit, a $40 trillion addressable market, has become mainstream and distinct from the traditional view of private credit. We were pioneers of these concepts 36 months ago and expect to continue blazing the path forward for this important area of secular growth. 
 As part of that, scaling our debt origination volume production is a strategic focus, and our quarterly results highlight that we're continuing to make meaningful progress. As Marc mentioned, total debt origination volumes of nearly $120 billion over the last 12 months is up almost 40% compared with our prior year period. 
 As a reminder, we originate assets across our yield ecosystem through three main channels: The traditional channel, platforms and corporate solutions. And more recently, we've identified partnerships with other financial institutions as the fourth avenue that we plan to expand over time. Additionally, we have expanded our focus on a fifth leg, the broad equity and hybrid ecosystem as well, which you will hear more from us in the future. 
 Over the past year, our platform ecosystem has been the primary driver of origination growth, having roughly doubled volume production over that period. ATLAS SP, our warehouse finance and securitized products business, has been the major driver of that activity. 
 One notable win to highlight in the first quarter was the $8 billion purchase of seller financing facilities from UBS. We acquired this portfolio at an attractive excess spread for IG-equivalent risk, which also proved accretive and attractive to third-party investors as we materially oversubscribed on half the trade and distributed accordingly. Looking forward, with the ATLAS business fully operational, independent and armed with a significant amount of strategic capital, both debt and equity, we're focused on meaningfully scaling that platform. 
 While platforms are an essential component of our origination ecosystem, we're also highly focused on growing our corporate solutions platform and business. We're investing a tremendous amount of time with a broad array of the largest, most sophisticated companies to educate them on the benefits of our multifaceted credit toolkit or toolbox and the benefits it can provide, namely speed, certainty, size and customization. And we're beginning to see those efforts bear tremendous fruit. 
 And finally, we believe that partnerships will become a growing contributor of our origination capacity over time. Historically, and especially over the last several years, we believe we've been on the cutting edge of strategic dialogue with various financial institutions. We're seeking to extend our vast array of solutions to these firms in a partnership manner which in turn will help expand our platform. 
 Importantly, as we scale our debt origination capacity and expand newer areas of equity-focused investing, we're creating more consistent and diversified deal activity that feeds into our Capital Solutions business. While quarterly variability in fee revenue should be expected, we're observing that the business is reaching a point of consistency amid continued growth potential. In the first quarter specifically, Capital Solutions fees were solid, supported by record quarterly gross capital deployment of nearly $60 billion across the platform. 
 With that, I'll turn it over to Martin for more detail. 
Martin Kelly: Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Let me close out with some brief comments on our financial performance. Our first quarter results positioned us well to deliver on the financial targets we've communicated for 2024, which signal an attractive mid-teens earnings growth trajectory.
 We view the sustainability and predictability of our earnings profile as highly valuable and increasingly appreciated by the market, especially against the backdrop of macroeconomic uncertainty that has impacted more cyclical revenue streams. 
 Starting with the asset management side of the business. FRE trends remained solid with 16% growth year-over-year, reflecting revenue growth of 13% and cost growth of 9%. As we look towards the remainder of the year, we're on pace to generate the fee-related revenue growth, margin expansion and overall FRE dollar growth we have indicated. 
 We expect growth in fee revenue to be supported by strong and diversified capital formation, a record $50 billion of dry powder with future management fee potential, and a robust capital solutions outlook that should deliver a strong second and third quarter based on the pipeline we see today. 
 For expenses, we will continue to manage our cost base prudently while selectively investing in key areas, principally global wealth and our credit business. We also expect to recognize a $15 million onetime non-comp expense related to the previously announced merger of two closed-end funds with and into MidCap Financial Investment Corp., a publicly traded BDC we manage, which will most likely occur in the second quarter on the closing of these transactions and which was contemplated in our original expense growth guidance for the year. 
 Altogether, we expect to generate between 15% and 20% FRE growth, as Marc indicated, in line with our growth expectations for a year in which we do not raise a flagship PE fund. 
 Turning to Retirement Services. We reported SRE of $817 million at a 147 basis point net spread. Adjusting for long-term expectations for alternative returns, net spread would have been 10 basis points higher in the first quarter; and on a comparable basis, 9 basis points lower than fourth quarter levels. 
 This sequential decline was driven by 2 factors; One, higher on the margin cost of new business in the higher interest rate environment, together with the delayed deployment into higher-yielding assets that Marc highlighted; and two, an approximate 5 basis point in-quarter spread impact associated with hedging a portion of Athene's net floating rate position and higher hedging costs on certain in-force business. 
 As Marc suggested, we reduced the net floating rate portfolio by $9 billion to $16 billion during the first quarter, which results in 7% of net invested assets being subject to floating rate indices. As part of this hedging effort, we swapped $8 billion of fixed rate liabilities to floating and issued $4 billion of additional floating rate funding agreements with the negative carry associated with each recognized as part of our cost of funds in the quarter. We believe that this level of floating rate securities will adequately equip us from a strategic standpoint while also protecting future earnings power should rates decline materially. 
 Given the smaller portfolio size, our floating rate income sensitivity has commensurately decreased to approximately $30 million to $40 million of annual SRE for every 25 basis point move in short-term rates, down from the $45 million to $55 million that we previously indicated. 
 We expect the timing differential between origination and deployment of capital to normalize through net spread in coming quarters. More specifically, there were two large asset transactions that closed towards the end of March which, had they closed midway through the quarter, would have created a further 3 basis points of higher net spread in quarter. 
 Considering key components of Athene's earnings growth outlook versus our fourth quarter call, namely first quarter net spread results, a smaller floating rate portfolio and fewer expected rate cuts as implied by the forward curve, we continue to expect net spread of approximately 160 to 165 basis points for the full year, which excludes notable items and assumes an 11% annualized alts return. We expect this range of net spread, coupled with robust organic growth, to support low double-digit SRE growth this year versus the comparable 2023 base. 
 In -- turning to PII. PII has been an expectedly modest contributor to our earnings base in recent quarters as we await a more favorable backdrop to monetize investments. First quarter realized performance fees were also impacted by an impairment on a position held in Fund IX. Looking to the second quarter, we currently expect to generate a similar amount of PII as the first quarter. 
 An important catalyst to reignite realization activity is a reopening of the IPO market as only around 10% of our fund's total PE portfolio is publicly traded today. We've seen early signs of this happening and see a path for an acceleration in PE realizations into 2025 and beyond. Increasing amounts of realized carry would generate additional cash flow to deploy into opportunistic share repurchases, enabling us to execute on our plan to reduce our share count to approximately 600 million shares by the end of 2026. 
 Finally, on taxes. After a large non-recurring benefit in the prior quarter, which reduced the 2023 annual rate, we experienced a 17% effective tax rate in the first quarter. For the full year, we expect our tax rate to approximate 20%, consistent with our long-term guidance with a rate slightly above 20% expected in the second quarter. 
 In closing, we are generating significant momentum as we continue executing on our business plan, which is setting the stage for our next phase of growth. The earnings power of the business has tremendous potential, and we look forward to delivering on the opportunity in front of us. 
 And with that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question is coming from Glenn Schorr of Evercore. 
Glenn Schorr: So I like hearing about all the progress in the wealth channel. My question is, in the asset management segment, non-comp was higher. One of the things you noted in the footnote was higher placement fees, so good expenses. 
 So I'm just curious, obviously, that's included in your 15% to 20% FRE thoughts for the year. But I've been hearing some talk about moving -- some of the distributors want to move from placement fees to something smoother of a revenue share. And I'm curious if that's in motion and if that's part of your thought process within your FRE expectations. 
Martin Kelly: I'd say -- I can say a couple of things, Glenn. It's Martin. Firstly, we are -- we're at the back end of the financial impact of decisions we've made to reset our cost base, both comp and non-comp. And so you should expect that Q1, which was a step-up from Q4, represents normal going forward. And so -- and that's all consistent with the guidance for the year, which is 100 basis points of margin expansion, '24 over '23. 
 In terms of the specifics around the question, there are actually a variety of different ways that we distribute products. Some involve an upfront placement fee, which is typically expense and in the numbers. Others involve a trailer fee against revenues. So it's a mix actually depending on distributor and product. 
 And so there's no real change. It's just there's different constructs that are appropriate for different products. And we have products that distribute using each of these sort of trailer or cost structures. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs. 
Alexander Blostein: I was hoping we could start maybe with your outlook for third-party fundraising. You guys are obviously off to a really good start here in the first quarter. So maybe update us on what you're expecting for the rest of the year with respect to third-party fundraising. What are some of the key drivers behind that? And as you sort of think about some of these larger insurance companies coming in into your offering, how should we be thinking about the fee rate, particularly within the yield bucket, on the blended basis going forward? 
James Zelter: Thanks, Alex. I think Marc and Martin hit it. Like we think the first quarter, it sets the level for great trend growth throughout the year. We're very comfortable that what we've seen in terms of the last 24 months, bringing the products together, being very thoughtful about our product suite, really delivering a holistic package. So we're very comfortable taking the first quarter and looking at that as the year grows out. 
 So in our mind, the numbers we've put forth in terms of full year target of the $50 billion, we still feel very comfortable with that. And the traction across all of our channels would feel -- give us the great comfort. 
 Certainly, a lot of the conversations are going on around the yield businesses. And whether it's what we're doing in direct origination, the pioneer moves we're making in asset-based finance, Marc alluded to the insurance company in terms of the ecosystem and the broad breadth there. So in our simple summary, we love the trend. And we're hitting on all cylinders, and it's across products. 
 But certainly, yield is the primary, but we also have solid fundraising in a variety of our hybrid, whether it's the Accord Plus; whether it's HVF later in the year; or in our equity businesses, AAA and infrastructure and such. So feel very comfortable with the trend, feel very comfortable. The themes that we're seeing are strong. 
 And I think there's this -- in the industry, and Marc alluded to it, but just much, much greater cooperation across a variety of like-minded positioned investors in the insurance industry as well as in the banking business, which we can talk about. 
 Fees, we're not seeing fee compression. People want product. They see it's interesting. If you look at where the high-yield indexes are this morning as we have this call, basically, if you look where those levels are today, they're extremely tight. And if you look at where high yield is right now, it's basically 350 over. And for you to make these investment-grade investments for these insurance portfolios, 250, 300 over, it's incredibly attractive. 
 So we don't see fee pressure, we see a trend line growth, and we're comfortable with the pipeline. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Brennan Hawken of UBS. 
Brennan Hawken: I'd love to hear updated outlook on capital solutions. Really strong revenue momentum there, building on last year's strengths. So were there any particular platforms that were notable contributors? And given the building momentum behind capital markets activity, why shouldn't we see those revenues continue to show robust growth? 
James Zelter: Well, this is Jim again. I think there's a number of questions there. We do get excited about our capital solutions because it ties into not only distribution of great ideas, and as Marc said, 25% of everything and 100% of nothing, but it increases the dialogue that we have in our capital formation. Investors see the product that they're seeing from us and it opens the door to get closer. And again, so we're seeing momentum. 
 I think taking a broad step back, some of the themes that Marc talked about, whether it's not only it's the transition from equity that's private versus private equity, a variety of these asset-based solutions like the seller financing from UBS, these are all trends that we believe are going to continue to expand on the existing business. 
 And then when you think about what's going on domestically with large, whether it's the Infrastructure Act, the CHIPS Act, what's going on in EV, there are many, many investment-grade companies that are going to be confronted with massive growth initiatives. And it's not obvious that they should do it through the traditional channels of investment-grade public debt or equity. And we're just finding ourselves at the intersection of those conversations. Certainly, you've seen what's happened in the past several months with what we did for Air France and Vonovia and many other companies. 
 But again, our model is based on making sure that we are an investor first. But this ACS, the flywheel of origination, distribution, getting closer to your clients and then finding new avenues from which companies will fund and finance, that flywheel is working. And so while we do expect growth, we want to do it in a very measured manner. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Bill Katz of TD Cowen. 
William Katz: Look forward to seeing everybody in October, if not sooner. So Marc, not to steal any thunder from a couple of months from now. But when you laid out your goals for the sort of 15% to 20% FRE growth and the low double-digit growth for SRE, your flywheel that Jim was just talking about was substantially smaller. How do we triangulate between the sort of the rapid growth of your ecosystem to the financials in terms of thinking through the earnings growth? 
 It would seem to me that you should be able to support either or both faster asset management growth and/or higher ROE in the insurance business. Or is there an elevated expense offset to some of that flywheel acceleration? 
Marc Rowan: I don't -- thanks for the question. I don't think any of the above. I want to come back to and I guess maybe be a little bit of an outlook for the industry. Our industry has amazing potential. The case for private markets is a very compelling case. People used to look to private markets for excess return. Now they look to excess -- to private markets for both excess return and diversification. 
 I saw a note the other day from our Chief Economist, better than 80% of employment in the U.S. is in private markets. We think about S&P 500. We think about public markets. We spend so much time talking about them. But investors increasingly are now recognizing that they have exposure to a very small sliver of the economy through S&P 500. They're all -- my joke is they're all levered to NVIDIA, Apple and Amazon. 
 So I expect there to be very robust growth in private markets. All good. The lockdown -- we, as an industry, have to be very careful to stick to our promise of excess return per unit of risk. That is why investors pay us premium fees. That is why they trust us. This is how they navigate private markets, with firms they trust. 
 We are limited, and I believe we will all in the industry discover, we are not going to be limited by capital flows. But the taking of capital because you can take it and then investing it poorly is a quick way to destroy a business. I think we've seen lots of examples of that and the beginnings of those seeds being set. We are very focused on growing our business in the context of excess return per unit of risk, which is limited, in my opinion, by origination and by culture. We are balancing those two things. 
 And so -- well, I'll say it differently. I like the position we're in. To be a $670 billion asset manager sounds like a big number, but the reality is, in the scheme of the markets we serve, we're minimal. The notion of doubling our business over the next 5 years, it doesn't seem all that daunting. 
 The things we need to do: Origination, culture, education because to build something that's not sustainable is not what we're interested in doing. Sustainable, predictable, 15% to 20%; long term in the asset management business; low double digits in SRE. If we get periods of market volatility where things are really mispriced and we can put large amounts of capital to work, as historically we've seen at least once a decade if not twice a decade over the past few decades, you will see those accelerate. Origination, origination, origination for us. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Ben Budish of Barclays. 
Benjamin Budish: I wanted to ask about some of the nuances on the retirement services flows. It looks like your FABN issuance was a bit better than what we would have expected from what we saw publicly. The PRT side was a little bit lower. Just any nuances there. 
 And on the PRT side in particular, any concerns related to some of the shareholder lawsuits that have materialized in the last several months? Do you think that sort of increases the concern that a corporate might give some pause before engaging in a transaction with Athene? Or do you feel like this is something that will blow over, and Athene will shake out just fine? 
Marc Rowan: Thanks, Ben. It's Marc. The business is a 2-sided business, and I've said this a lot. And it's -- we've been the only ones disclosing this. So it's been difficult, I believe, for analysts to really understand it. 
 Our business is about creating spread. If we don't have wide spreads, we're not interested in doing business. We have better uses for the capital. And so we have built, and Jim has spent a lot of time talking about the asset pipeline, private investment grade, excess spread on the asset side. I'll focus now on the liability side and get to your question. 
 We have built, over the past 15 years 4, different channels in which we can originate. In various periods of time, some of those channels are really attractive and some of them are not that attractive. Last year, FABN was not all that attractive. This year, FABN is very attractive. Reinsurance, particularly international insurance in -- from Japan, really attractive business. FIA, really attractive business. 
 In PRT, PRT was one of the most attractive segments of business last year. This year, prior to any lawsuits, we saw cost of funds associated with PRT at levels that reduced spread to places where we just didn't think the business was all that attractive. A win is only a win if you have wide spread. 
 The lawsuit is actually going to, in my opinion, chill PRT volume across the industry. This is not an Athene-specific issue. Athene is the strongest of the companies in the industry with the most capital and other things. There are and have been other lawsuits relating to this. Any time you have noise, however undeserved or poorly drafted, it needs to be disposed of first. 
 I think we will see a decline in expected PRT volume this year. I'm not sure that's a bad thing from our point of view given that, at the moment, spreads in PRT are not all that attractive. 
 I encourage all of you to look not so much at flow, but to look at cost of funds and spread. Cost of funds is a very tricky measure. There are lots of ways management teams across industries have been surprised by the cost of various options and features that they have built into their products. 
 For us, we have built this business in partnership with Jim Belardi and Grant and the team from the very get-go. As owners, for owners, it's our equity. We want high-spread business. Thank you. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Patrick Davitt of Autonomous Research. 
Patrick Davitt: My question is on the ATLAS-MassMutual partnership. Firstly, any framework you can give on how to think about the impact on ATLAS' origination volumes and thus Apollo earnings? 
 And then secondly, the press release suggested there was also some sort of separate flow or management agreement with your ABF business. Is that a fair read? And how should we think about that secondary agreement as well? 
Marc Rowan: So first, I've said this publicly, and it's actually kind of an interesting observation for how this goes. I think when I think -- I'm asked often who our best competitors are, I think MassMutual is our best competitor. I look at what they do on the asset side. I look at their -- on the liability side, the quality of the team. 
 That does not in any way mean that we should not be partners with them. We want and we continue to deliver this message, and it is resonating. We want 25% of everything and 100% of nothing. They are a like-minded, high-quality financial institution who sees the same opportunity that we see and increasingly what the rest of the industry is seeing. They're just among the first movers. 
 As to the specifics for ATLAS, I'll let Jim delve a little bit. And I know there's a lot of enthusiasm about ATLAS. 
James Zelter: Yes. I think continuing to taking the wide scope and then drilling down, I mean, ATLAS for us and this conversation about what private credit is historically been defined versus what it really is defined, the $40 trillion, ATLAS is really that platform, of our 16, we've got 6 or 7 that really drive the activity. And what you're seeing in the recent announcements about ATLAS is it is a finance lender to finance companies. And therefore, the breadth and scale of equity and debt financing that, that vehicle attracts and needs to have, as well as SMAs, partnerships, offtake facilities, that's what we call the ATLAS ecosystem. 
 And it will continue to grow. We've been very successful since we've closed it. It's fully ramped. It's fully funded. We will have other folks that you'll hear about be coming into us. But it's that flow that lets us have the ABF institutional fund. It allows us to have ABC, which is the vehicle that I mentioned. 
 And I really want to differentiate because I heard a lot of these calls the last couple of days talking about SRT. This is just making sure that we control the origination on a systematic, structural long-term basis. Not a one-off SRT trade, which is interesting and bespoke, but those were interesting tactical trades. We wake up every day saying, how can we -- when Marc talks about getting the liability and focusing on spread, how can we ensure that we have as large a pool of long-term assets feeding that -- those liabilities, offsetting those liabilities. 
 And ATLAS is just one of the big, big pieces. And when we think about that, it's much more dramatic than the quarter-to-quarter activity in SRT trade, which is one of the 40 tools. We're very involved in that sector. We've been doing it since '09. Some of the more recent transactions are a little bit [ blind ] pool, exceedingly strongly levered, but they are strong IG assets. But again, I would note, those are things that you source from others, whereas ATLAS allows us to source directly. 
 So the MassMutual dialogue and relationship is holistic. It's across the ecosystem. And we suspect that will be the template from which many, many others join us. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley. 
Michael Cyprys: I wanted to circle back to the new Apollo asset-backed company, ABC, that you guys are launching. I was hoping you could elaborate a bit on the product, the return profile. Interesting, you're structuring as an operating company. I hope you could elaborate a bit around that. And maybe just talk about your vision and how big could this be over time. 
James Zelter: Well, really, Mike, when we think about the activities in terms of consumer finance, hard assets, the broad areas of asset-based finance, this is the vehicle that lets us -- we have the institutional product, ABF, which we've raised some nice money and will continue to be one of our flagship pillars in the yield and credit infrastructure. 
 And this was created to really give the global wealth channels -- as investors have really grasped onto private credit, they realize they have a concentration issue in sponsor buyout activity. Now that's the recognition that there's a desire for diversification. So this will really be the first-mover product set. 
 You will see this as a majority of investment-grade risk, a majority of debt risk, but yet it does have some non-investment-grade debt exposure and some residual and equity exposures. But we are trying to have this be like ADS, our flagship product, that operates in the highest-quality growth in the sector and really is trying to get high single digits, low double-digit returns, but doing so in a very comprehensive manner by not using leverage but being -- really using the sourcing of the product. 
 So it will be our flagship product in asset-based as ADS is our flagship product in corporate credit. 
Marc Rowan: Yes. I'm going to just punctuate this a little bit, especially given the environment we're in and the concerns over credit quality. We've been in this business a long time. And for me, this is -- for Jim and I, it's our 40th year. It's hard to believe that sometimes. 
 And I'll just take ADS as an example. We run ADS at 100% first lien. And we run ADS, I believe, with the lowest leverage in the industry. Could we produce higher rate of return, higher dividend? Of course we could. But we know that particularly as we're introducing an entire marketplace, institutional and retail, to the notion of private markets, that they should experience the same way -- this is the same way that the smartest institutions in the world have experienced it and not have returns artificially manufactured through leverage or otherwise. The time to be levered is when assets are really cheap and they're plentiful and available. The time not to be levered is when markets are tight and there's lots of liquidity. 
 It's easy to be seduced into wanting to produce high returns. We've always been focused on trying to produce acceptable returns, excess return per unit of risk. And the same philosophy that we run ADS and the team runs ADS by is how we're going to produce this in asset-backed to make sure this category, which should be as large as corporate over time, is introduced to investors in the best possible way. And going first and telling the story is exactly what we want to do. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Kenneth Worthington of JPMorgan Chase. 
Alexander Bernstein: This is Alex Bernstein on for Ken. I know there was a question previously around ATLAS and the MassMu relationship, so apologies if any of this is repetitive. But I do think there are a couple of other points we're hoping to dry out. 
 Firstly, do you see this type of arrangement accelerating your ability to reach the $200 billion to $250 billion long-term origination target that you communicated previously? And then secondly, how are you managing these platforms as a portfolio to reach your goals? And how are you thinking about the mix of outside capital, Apollo Capital, bolt-ons that best help you reach your growth goals and those of Athene? 
James Zelter: Well, thanks for the question. This will be a great conversation at our October day. But basically, we have these 16 platforms. The top 5 to 7, namely MidCap, ATLAS, PK, Wheels are the great drivers. And yes, as we think about running those as a portfolio, optimizing the financing on those and bringing in third parties, whether it's in SMAs on the production side, or even in many instances where we brought in investors to own the equity along with us, that's all part of the flywheel. 
 So certainly, we think that when we look at what's going on with our platforms and with bringing this integrated toolbox to -- solutions to companies, we think that gives us the confidence to take our numbers up from our 5-year plan. And so as Marc said, when we did our first Investor Day, it was $150 billion in debt by '26. We'll achieve that. But we've sort of now changed the definition of the equity and hybrid. 
 So in our mind, hitting those $200 billion-plus numbers, the driver really will be how we integrate those platforms. And again, how investors deal with us, whether it's an SMA, whether it's a commingle vehicle, whether it's owning part of the equity, it's all part of the same equation. 
Operator: Thank you. That concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I will return the floor to Noah Gunn for any additional or closing comments. 
Noah Gunn: Great. Thanks, everyone, for your time and attention this morning. If you have any follow-up questions on anything we discussed on today's call, please feel free to follow up with us. And we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines at this time or log off the webcast, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-08 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Management's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. This conference call is being recorded. This call may include forward-looking statements and projections which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to Apollo's most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Apollo will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call which management believes are relevant in assessing financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in Apollo's earnings presentation which is available on the company's website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Apollo fund. I will now turn the call over to Noah Gunn, Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Noah Gunn: Great. Thanks, Donna. And welcome again, everyone, to our call. Earlier this morning, we published our earnings release and financial supplement on the investor relations portion of our website. And in short, fourth quarter results rounded out an exceptionally strong year for both our asset management and retirement services businesses. Our 2 primary earnings streams, fee-related earnings and spread-related earnings, grew more than 25% to a record $4.9 billion in 2023. Combined with principal investing income, HoldCo financing costs and taxes, we reported record adjusted net income of $4.1 billion or $6.74 per share for the full year. One change to highlight in our financial reporting included with this morning's results. Beginning this quarter, within retirement services, you'll see spread-related earnings excluding notable items. And further down the page, we provide additional information highlighting the delta to arrive at our long-term return expectation for Athene's alternative investments. This information is useful in order to understand how we think about Athene's earnings power on a multiyear basis excluding quarterly mark-to-market fluctuations. And importantly, this change has no impact on historically reported SRE or the magnitude of historically reported notable items. So joining me to discuss our strong results in more detail and outlook for the year ahead are Marc Rowan, CEO; Scott Kleinman, co-President; and Martin Kelly, CFO. And with that, I'll hand over to Marc.
Marc Rowan: Thanks, Noah. And it's my pleasure to actually walk through what was a very strong year both in growth and execution. If you had told me at the beginning of the year that we were going to grow 25%-plus in FRE and 26% in SRE and that we would do that successfully, we would be doing a victory lap here; and I assure you we are, in fact, doing that victory lap. Those ranges, while I wish they were recurring every year, are not the normal expectation you should have for the business. We've consistently guided all of our investors to what I believe and we believe is a long-term growth rate in FRE, which is 15% to 20% in a non-flagship year; and to low double-digit growth in SRE. 2023 was truly exceptional. Recall that, particularly in our SRE segment in our retirement services segment, we are not a near-term profit maximizer. 2023 was extraordinary. We ended the year holding more than $12 billion of cash. We also used the very strong results to begin the creation of a countercyclical portfolio, which had us for the first time in a long time make a significant move into treasuries. While this costs us near-term SRE, it gives us flexibility to redeploy into very strong origination volumes, which you will hear about. In the third quarter, just -- excuse me. In the fourth quarter, just to highlight how strong originations volumes were, we did north of $30 billion of originations. We hope to continue up that pace. And having a pile of cash and a treasury portfolio will allow us to continue to grow SRE in the low double digits, which is what we seek to do. Away from earnings. Margins were up over 200 basis points. AUM hit a record $651 billion. Inflows were $160 billion. And Athene had record inflows of $66 billion. Even in inflows, Athene is not a near-term profit maximizer. This was an opportunity to really shape the kind of business and the kind of distribution that Athene wanted. And we would expect to exceed this number in terms of originations, organic originations, for Athene moving into 2024. 2024, we see as a year of continued momentum, but we also see it taking shape slightly differently than 2023. Credit, we believe, will dominate 2024. Growth at Athene and equity strategies other than PE. Martin will spend time in his remarks discussing the '24 outlook and the finer details of Q4. I thought what I would do is spend my time and provide a little bit of historical perspective and road map as to where we're going. We've just come back from our partners retreat, where all 201 Apollo partners get together and we discuss the outlook. And I began those remarks by anchoring people in history. In 2008, we were $44 billion of AUM. You fast forward. We've grown 14x. That's faster than Apple's revenue. That's faster than Microsoft's revenue. That's faster than semiconductors, truly extraordinary. I'd like to think that was all as a result of management acumen and management positioning, but we are the beneficiary of macro industry factors that drove not just us but our entire industry. Dodd-Frank; substantial money printing; for excess return in a low rate environment; and the commoditization of debt and equity markets, public markets, through indexation and correlation were the powerful tailwinds that drove our industry and allowed us to grow 14x. Some of these factors are still here, but I have to say the factors that are going to drive us going forward are different than the factors that in fact got us to 2023. As I think about the big drivers of our business, first, I think there is a fundamental rethink going on as to the difference between public and private. Most of us have grown up in an investment world where private was risky and public was safe. We had a private allocation, an alternatives bucket, illiquid allocation. And it was generally a relatively small portion of an institution or an individual's total strategic asset allocation and with good reason. Private, at least in the old days, was risky. Private equity, venture capital and hedge funds dominated the private bucket. On the other hand, public was perceived as safe. Stocks and bonds 60-40 portfolio world where public is both safe and risky and private is safe and risky; and the difference is only a matter of liquidity. I believe we are going to see a substantial pivot from institutions where they begin to think about private not just in a traditional alternatives context, but they think about private as just another investment that has a little less liquidity. And the question they'll be asking is, "Am I being compensated for slightly less liquidity?" I think that is nothing but a positive for our industry and for our firm. The second is this continued commoditization of public market returns. We are at an extreme of indexation and concentration and correlation. Not just between debt and equity markets, but so much of our equity market is dominated by a handful of companies that -- with outsized valuations and outsized PE that really do drive the public indices. While that's going up, that feels great. That can just as easily go in the other direction. Sophisticated investors, institutional and individual, understand this. And if they are seeking to separate themselves from the beta of the public markets and look for alpha, they will need to look for other solutions other than those in the public markets and through indexation. High net worth and the entry of individual investors into the private markets and alternatives. We are in the earliest early days of this. This hasn't even started. This is a $65 trillion market that ultimately has the potential for private markets investors such as ourselves and our peer group to be as large, if not larger than, our institutional market. For us to get there, it's going to take education. We are evangelical in this because what private investments can do for an investor's portfolio is well substantiated academically and through financial records, but the level of understanding of how private investments can be incorporated into these portfolios is very, very immature. I look at the largest pool of investable capital anywhere in the world, some $12 trillion in 401(k). These are the people in our country who need returns the most, and we force them to be daily liquid for 50 years. Why? I don't know why. I don't think there's a good reason why. And we're beginning to see cracks even in the 401(k) market of an allocation to private, which is different than an allocation to risk, but again I think this is a very powerful trend that bodes well for our firm and for our industry. Finally, that we're all getting older. Our society is getting older. Europe is getting older. Japan is getting older. Australia is getting older. Most Western markets are getting older. Most markets have done a very poor job of retirement savings. The retirement savings crisis in the U.S. is particularly acute. The numbers are well known. And I believe there is a substantial role for firms such as ours to play in [indiscernible] investor savings and allowing them to -- allowing us to provide them guaranteed lifetime income. In short, we find ourselves at $650 billion as a relatively small entity in the scheme of asset management, surrounded by 4 massive markets. The market for fixed income replacement. Think of this as a rotation institutions' and individuals' normal fixed income portfolios into private as well as public, so-called private investment grade. The second is the high net worth market, moving from traditional [indiscernible] 60-40 allocation into private market allocation. The third is rotations out of active management and into other products; and finally, the retirement market. Each of those markets offers us the opportunity to double our firm over a number of years. We just have to make sure that we are well positioned, that we make the investments today; and accept that the tailwinds that powered us to 2023 are not the same as the tailwinds that are likely to power us going forward, that the products that powered us to where we are, are not exactly the same as the products that are going to power us going forward. Fundamentally, we need to embrace change, but I like the position that we're starting from. We're starting from the only scaled player in private IG, a leading retirement services footprint, the largest hybrid ecosystem, all of which is fueled by origination, so what do we need to do? And what should you be looking for as milestones for whether in fact we are proceeding positively toward a path to take advantage of the opportunities that surround our industry and surround our firm? By far, the most important thing that we need to do is scale our origination. As you know, we have been running at roughly $100 billion of annual origination, $30 billion of which came in the fourth quarter. We need to rapidly move that up, with a goal of somewhere between $200 billion and $250 billion of origination 5 years from now. As an alternative firms that provides excess return per unit of risk, we can only grow as fast as we scale our capacity to create investments that in fact offer our clients excess return per unit of risk. If we grow too fast or simply seek to gather assets, we will commoditize our business, and ultimately we will not like the results of that, so origination, probably first and second. Capital formation. Not only do we need to continue to build out our high net worth coverage, but if we are going to serve fixed income replacement, so-called private investment grade, the sale, the way things are sold, the client base is actually completely different than the traditional client base of an alternatives firm. Building out a fixed income replacement sales force that speaks to clients in a language that they are used to speaking in [indiscernible] necessary ingredients to scale this and not just pick around the edges. Finally, new products and product creation are the heart of financial services. If I go back and look at the beginning of my 40-year career now: Levered loans, high-yield bonds, ETFs, securitized product either did not exist or in their infancy. We take for granted these 4 products as completely mainstream and dominant products, but we should not be naive to think that they are going to be the products that dominate 15 years from now. Clients and high-net-worth individuals are going to move out of public equities. I do not believe they are going to move into 10-year [indiscernible] private partnerships. I believe they're going to move into things that are more hybrid. Hybrid, again, is the midpoint between debt and equity.  [Indiscernible] to offer clients non-binary outcomes while still providing attractive rates of return. The product set here, while large for us, is immature for the entire industry. And I think you will see this year introductions of new products with risk-rewards and liquidity requirements and partnerships has not seen before [indiscernible] that we and our peer group are hard at work trying to meet the needs of our investors. And truthfully could not be more excited about where we sit in this ecosystem. We are beginning to talk about our original 5-year plan in hindsight. Martin and Scott will provide some context that we are well on our way and confident of meeting the objectives that we put up in our 5-year plan. We are spending 2024 positioning ourselves to take advantage of the next new trends [indiscernible] we'll be there going forward, but it will not look like [indiscernible] the growth of the past. It will come differently but no less -- I'm no less optimistic. Finally, we're looking forward to a full Investor Day, and with us you know the definition of full means long, in October of this year. And Martin and Noah will provide you details. With that, I'll turn it over to Scott.
Scott Kleinman: Thanks, Marc. Echoing Marc's sentiment. We entered 2023 focused squarely on executing the growth plan we set forth, and we achieved those goals. Both our asset management and retirement services business proved resilient and often opportunistic as we navigated an uncertain investing backdrop, a changing rate paradigm and an evolving financial ecosystem. One thing that stayed constant, though, was our commitment to delivering excess return per unit of risk for our clients. Investment performance across our product suite was strong, with particularly robust returns in certain yields and hybrid strategies. For example, our direct origination portfolio appreciated 20% over the full year, while our hybrid value portfolio, credit strategies and accord funds all returned more than 15% in 2023. In our PE business, our flagship fund performance remains very solid, with Fund IX generating a gross IRR of 32% and 22% net life to-date through year-end. Importantly, we've been able to generate these attractive returns while prioritizing senior secured investment grade credit quality and a "purchase price matters" investment philosophy. Off the back of this strong investment performance, we're seeing growing demand for our investment solutions in the marketplace. We raised $44 billion of third-party capital in 2023, an annual record when excluding flagship PE activity, reflecting the increasing breadth of our product suite. Athene's organic inflows continued to heights, totaling $63 billion in 2023, driven by strong secular tailwinds and leading market share. Approximately $23 billion or 35% of Athene's inflows were supported by continued growth through third-party sidecar capital. All together, organic inflows totaled $107 billion across the platform during the year. As we look to 2024, we expect momentum across all avenues of capital formation to continue. In our third-party asset management business, we expect to raise a record $50 billion of capital, including annual fundraising records from both the institutional and global wealth channels. Coupled with the $70 billion of expected inflows from Athene, we expect to raise approximately $120 billion of capital this year organically, which would represent an increase of 20% on a comparable basis excluding flagship PE. In a higher interest rate backdrop and with lingering impacts of the effect on traditional private equity allocations, institutional investor focus has pivoted to asset classes that offer current income, inflation protection and access to areas of secular growth, namely credit, infrastructure and sustainability. We believe we're well positioned to capture this demand with our direct lending, asset-backed finance, opportunistic credit and infrastructure equity strategies currently in the market in addition to our first-time clean transition equity fund. We're also focused on building upon the success we've had with third-party insurers last year, who entrusted us with $13 billion of capital, and view this as an important client segment as we continue to scale our third-party credit platform. Overall, we've entered 2024 with a lot of momentum and expect a very strong first quarter for institutional fundraising. Turning to global wealth. We closed out a transformative year for the business from launching new products, expanding distribution and educating the marketplace on the benefits of alternative assets. We raised over $8 billion of capital from this channel in 2023, up more than 30% from 2022 levels, and expect to grow off that base in 2024 despite not having a flagship private equity fund in the market. We believe our growing suite of semi-liquid perpetual products is important to that success, with a few to highlight in particular. We've seen steadily growing inflows for Apollo Debt Solutions, the nontraded BDC we manage, which totaled $875 million in the fourth quarter, in addition to approximately $345 million for January 1 subscriptions, a recent monthly record. These strong inflows follow industry-leading investment performance, with Class I shares delivering an approximate 16% net return for 2023; as well as expanding distribution, with ADS now live on 5 global wirehouse platforms and 60-plus selling agreements in place with independent advisers. Looking forward, we're focused on expanding our private credit offering from corporate direct lending to asset-backed finance, which we believe will provide global wealth investors more fulsome and diversified access to our proprietary asset origination capabilities. Additionally, we're pleased with the growth we've seen in AAA, our innovative core equity replacement vehicle. Inflows from global wealth investors totaled $1.5 billion in 2023, though weighted towards the second half of the year. Looking ahead, we're focused on expanding shelf space to additional key distributors in the U.S. and Europe as well as launching additional points of access to reach different parts of the retail market. And lastly, Apollo Infrastructure Company recently launched in November to capture growing demand for private infrastructure assets. We believe the company offers differentiated access to the full spectrum of our infra platform investing across sectors and the capital structure. Initial feedback from RIAs has been positive, so far, and AIC is on track to expand distribution more broadly over the course of this year. Turning to investment activity. We had an active year of capital deployment totaling approximately $150 billion in 2023. Looking forward, we expect many of the same themes that informed our investment pipeline last year to remain pertinent in 2024, a shrinking global banking industry, lack of public market liquidity and the need for structured financing alternatives, among others. With $58 billion of dry powder at year-end, we're well equipped to capitalize on this robust opportunity set. Relatedly, debt origination volume totaled almost $100 billion in 2023, as Marc said, including $30 billion in the fourth quarter alone. It's worth mentioning that about half of this volume in both the fourth quarter and full year originated from our ecosystem of 16 proprietary platforms. Over the next couple of years, we're focused on reaching our $150 billion debt target, origination debt target, that we first laid out at Investor Day. To reach that target, scaling our origination platform volume is essential and should encompass around 50% of that longer-term goal. We think we can achieve this platform volume goal by scaling our existing portfolio, especially through some of the larger platforms like Atlas and MidCap and mid-sized platforms like Wheels and . Importantly, growth in debt origination volume has helped fuel our capital solutions business. In 2023, more than 80% of capital solutions fees were debt related, up from only 55% in 2021. Our growing high-grade alpha business is one of the important contributors to this fee mix shift, which generated approximately $10 billion of volume over the full year. In the fourth quarter specifically, we announced 3 transactions with repeat borrowers, Air France, and Vonovia, showcasing the power of incumbency for large-scale structured investment-grade financing demand. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Martin to go through our financials.
Martin Kelly: Great. Thank you, Scott. And good morning, everyone. So as demonstrated by our results, 2023 was a very successful year of growth and execution for Apollo. We delivered on the financial targets that we laid out more than a year ago despite operating in a vastly different macro environment. In the asset management business, we achieved our 25% FRE growth target through fee revenue growth of more than 20%, coupled with decelerating expense growth, which drove the 200 basis points of margin expansion. In retirement services, we grew SRE by 26%. As Noah mentioned, you'll note a new presentation this quarter, on Page 10 of the earnings release, to separate SRE excluding notable items, which this quarter is $748 million or 141 basis points of net spread, from the difference between actual alts returns and the 11% long-term expectation, which this quarter is $132 million or 25 basis points of net spread. This change in presentation reflects both where the industry is moving to and is being required to move to, as a presentation format. Importantly, we still continue to manage the portfolio expecting the same 11% long-term returns. On this basis, our net spread, excluding notable items, for the year was 144 basis points. Considering our long-term expectations for alternatives returns, our net spread would be an additional 21 basis points higher and, combined, 30 basis points higher in 2023 versus 2022. Assisted by higher rates, this increase was driven by record organic growth, a favorable deployment backdrop and floating-rate income. With these strong results across the business, we expect to exceed our stated goal of doubling our total earnings to $5.5 billion by 2026. And we expect a mid-teens-plus compound earnings growth trajectory over the next few years. Executing on our plan for 2024 is the next important milestone to achieving that target. Before I get into the forward look, I'd like to discuss a few puts and takes in our fourth quarter results that will help form a better view of our run rate earnings power. On management fees: Management fees declined modestly quarter-over-quarter due to Fund X catch-up fees of approximately $25 million earned in the third quarter. Athene's alternatives portfolio returned 6.5% annualized in the fourth quarter, below our long-term expectation of 11%, with strong performance by the strategic origination platforms partially offset by other investments held outside AAA. Our operating tax rate benefited from large deductions related to employee stock compensation due to a higher share price as well as onetime benefits related to Athene's redomicile and new corporate tax legislation in December. Going forward, we expect our effective tax rate to remain approximately 20% over the long term, subject to quarterly variability. And then lastly, Athene's cost of funds in the third quarter included a 17 basis point benefit from 2 items that we previously adjusted out as notable items. Q4 also included the full year costs of a new performance fee, which amounted to 7 basis points of costs in Q4. Combining these items provides a more appropriate comparison of the quarter-over-quarter change in cost of funds, which including these adjustments was similar to the change in fixed income returns for the quarter. So turning to our FRE outlook. We expect 15% to 20% growth, as Marc communicated. I'll walk through the key building blocks. Excluding $45 million of cyclical catch-up fees we earned in 2023 related to our flagship PE fund raise Fund X, we expect low- to mid-teens fee revenue growth in 2024 primarily driven by increasing management fees and fee-related performance fees. We expect management fee growth to be supported by the $120 billion of total organic inflows Scott highlighted as well as solid levels of capital deployment, further supported by $46 billion of fee-eligible AUM not yet earning management fees. For capital solutions, we expect another strong year of fee revenue generation currently similar to 2023 levels. The revenue from this business has grown approximately 80% in 2 years and has already exceeded our 5-year target. For expenses, we estimate our growth rate in total fee-related expenses will moderate this year to a low double-digit level. We added approximately 350 people to our total head count in 2023, at the asset manager, with approximately half the net new hires located in North America and Europe and the other half in Mumbai. We expect very targeted head count growth this year in our business, with a continued focus on growing our India team. As the pace of growth in our head count declines, we should experience a commensurate favorable slowdown in the pace of non-comp expense growth. Combining this expense outlook with a solid revenue growth picture, we expect to derive an additional 100 basis points improvement in our FRE margin to approximately 57 basis points this year, on a path to 60%-plus by 2026. Moving to retirement services. We expect to generate low double-digit growth in SRE this year based on a few underlying criteria. In terms of basis, the growth outlook is built upon the exclusion of any notables and assumes an 11% return on Athene's alternatives portfolio in line with historical experience, adjusting for the approximate $70 million of excess earnings we earned in 2023 on assets related to the ADIP buydowns and the Venerable recapture, both as we previously communicated; of organic inflows funded with existing capital resources, including third-party sidecar capital; and net spread, excluding any notable items and assuming an 11% return [indiscernible], of between 160 and 165 basis points, based on the current forward rate curve which implies approximately 5 rate cuts by the end of 2024. As it relates to interest rates and sensitivity. Athene has had a long-standing and intentional allocation to floating-rate securities while remaining duration matched. Holding floaters has and will continue to serve a range of strategic purposes, including assisting with asset-liability matching, enabling offensive positioning within the asset portfolio during periods of market stress and cushioning it against any . With the prospect of a Fed easing cycle on the horizon, we have reduced the amount of net floating-rate assets to $25 billion at year-end; and we expect it to further decline to $20 billion by the end of the first quarter. Turning to principal investing briefly. We expect our PII earnings stream to be below our multiyear average target of $1 per share in 2024, with clear dependencies on both the public and private markets for monetizations and outcomes. On capital allocation, our priorities remain unchanged. We're focused on investing in our existing capabilities to drive continued organic growth rather than making strategic investments. We also expect to continue immunizing regular-way employee stock comp grants and to begin taking steps to reduce our share count to 600 million shares by the end of 2026. We have also announced an increase in the annual dividend by 7.5% to $1.85 per share, beginning with the first quarter of 2024, implying a dividend yield of 1.8%, slightly above the average dividend yield of the S&P 500 of 1.5%. Finally, our GAAP earnings totaled $2.9 billion for the quarter and $5.1 billion for the full year, retaining our eligibility for S&P 500 index inclusion. And with that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question today is coming from Bill Katz of TD Cowen.
William Katz: So Marc, a lot of really good big picture type of views as you sort of think through the new order here. One thing that I sort of picked up on your comments was the fact that you thought that there could be an opening in the 401(k) market. I'm just sort of wondering if you could expand your views there. And then maybe underneath that, can you talk a little bit about how you're sort of seeing the competitive landscape developing in the wealth management channel as everyone is sort of [indiscernible] position?
Marc Rowan: So you are absolutely correct, Bill. I do see an opening in the 401(k) market. The 401(k) market is not limited by legal restriction. It's limited by a risk mentality as a result of substantial litigation over a long period of time, but I think we're seeing a stabilization, particularly as the set -- suite of private products is no longer all high fee, high carry, locked away in funds. You're watching the first baby steps as fiduciary managers in 401(k) begin to mix-in private into their heretofore public solutions simply to get better outcomes and better diversification. The other thing we're seeing is we're seeing a focus on guaranteed lifetime income or guaranteed income, where annuities are going into target date funds and for the same purpose.  I believe we're going to see a continued migration. I don't have the number in front of me, but my memory is kind of plus $1 billion this year in 401(k) and fiduciary retirement products. I think again we're at the very beginning of this, just like I feel we're at the very beginning of wealth. And I'll pivot to wealth: Much of what's happened in our industry, whether it is regulation, which has been a negative, or it's been the opening of the high net worth market, which has been a positive, has for the most part benefited the large multiproduct firms. To serve the wealth channel, to serve RIA channels, to serve a global market, this is not a small exercise. This is 150 people in the field, product, infrastructure. It does not make sense to do product but only if you are firmly committed in moving your business and you see a future of a multiproduct variety.  And so I think that there are a handful of firms who have a right to play in this market and have made the investment. It's not 2 and I don't think it's more than 10. This market is growing. We are at the infancy of it, and firms is kind of coming at this in their own way. I think there are good and bad that's being done. I'll just give you our way. We are focused on taking in money from this market not as quickly as we can but as quickly as we can deploy. Ultimately, producing good returns, not having extreme volatility, thinking long and hard about whether we offer this market binary outcome products, is how we're going to approach it. We want to position ourselves as the innovator in this marketplace rather than the largest in this marketplace, and I think we're -- we've made good progress in doing it. We have a lot of work to do, but I remain very optimistic.
Operator: The next question is coming from Glenn Schorr of Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: One small one, one big one, if I could. The small one is if you could dive into the return differential in alternatives of your 11% over time versus what you've actually been experiencing lately. You talk about good performance on the origination platforms. When I look at your performance across the board ex European Principal Finance, everything is really good, so I'm curious what's falling short within the Athene portfolio. And then the bigger...
Marc Rowan: Let me hit that quickly. And then I -- we will not -- you -- I'll get -- you get your chance to ask the larger question, in violation of the operator's policy, but think of it -- so the easiest way to see it: AAA, which represents all the platforms and all the investments, basically was circa 10% this year, not quite the 11% that we hope for but generally good direction given that we are not focused on the kind of beta of the public markets and leverage the tech and AI and things like that. The difference between that and the Athene performance is a drag on certain insurance stakes. So Athene holds, outside of AAA, its investment in Challenger, its investment in Catalina, its investment in Venerable. We had less appreciation this year in those stakes versus the overall portfolio, and that's the difference, Bill. There's really no other differences of note.
Glenn Schorr: All right, cool. And then my violation part B is you said $200 million to $250 billion. I kind of remember $100 billion to $150 billion, getting to $150 billion. I know you were at a $30 billion run rate and I know you bought Atlas but curious how you bridge that extended and larger origination scale...
Marc Rowan: So we -- when we set out our 5-year targets a little over 2 years ago, we -- the 5-year target was to get to $150 billion of origination. I believe that we are -- and that would be "2026." I believe that we are well on our way to achieving that target. $30 billion of run rate and really high-quality run rate in the fourth quarter was very encouraging. The plans for this year also call for continued tick-up in origination volumes. Origination is the lifeblood of our business. When we step back and we start thinking about the next 5 years, which would carry us 5 years from today, to power the business to where we want to be, if we want to serve the fixed income replacement market, essentially if we want to go to institutions and offer them private investment grade in place of their current fixed income allocation, we need to originate more. If we want to play a role in allowing high-net-worth investors and institutional investors to pivot out of active management of equity -- I believe they're going to pivot into hybrid. We need to originate more hybrid.  And fundamentally if we're going to grow our business, it is limited not so much by the amount of capital raised. And I respect that capital raising is a very important part of this. And sometimes it's easy and sometimes it's difficult, but in the long run, a firm that offers excess return, which all of the alternatives firms do, we are only as good as our capacity to generate investments that produce excess return per unit of risk. It is the lifeblood of our business. And we are very focused on moving past the $150 billion original 5-year goal and ramping that to as close to $250 billion, which I believe is a realistic target going out. More to come [indiscernible] in October of this year, at Investor Day, but this is job one and two for our firm to sustain growth, and truly for every firm, Bill.
Operator: The next question is coming from Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: So Marc, just to build on that. You talked about origination being the lifeblood of the business fairly consistently for quite some time now, which all makes sense. As you look to grow the business further or scale and accelerate your origination capabilities, what sort of needs to happen for you guys to get to those numbers? Is it more coverage? Is it more boots on the ground? Is it more capital, which I guess some of that will come in through AAA? Is it more product? Is it more acquisition of origination platforms? So I'm just trying to kind of again think about what's within your control to really accelerate this growth further.
Marc Rowan: So a -- some of it is more boots on the ground and building out what we call high-grade alpha or high-grade solutions. And that's been, as Scott highlighted, a very good business; and a very unique product for us; and one, quite frankly, that doesn't make a lot of sense across asset management unless you are both an agent and a principal. We built this business to power Athene. We then decided for good and valid reasons that we should be fully diversified, so we began to power third-party insurers because, after all, we want 25% of everything and 100% of nothing.  And now we also discover that institutions, as they are evaluating how to improve their performance in their traditionally public-only investment-grade bond portfolio, are willing to begin to move toward private, so long as it is at the same rating. This is happening with extraordinary speed in the conversation in the consulting world and with the innovators, and I believe it's going to continue to happen. In terms of where the volume comes from, yes, there will be more people with more coverage, but for us, we have 16 origination platforms. Only a couple of them are at scale. This is about growing the origination platforms. We are -- and I don't think we need a 17th, although that may , but that is not the goal.  We are not short opportunity. It's now about focus and execution and simply delivering. I mean, even a $20 billion origination platform or $22 billion, which is MidCap, it still has lots of room to grow. MidCap is way too U.S., just building out their European business, adding products. They have the capacity to double that business. Atlas has the capacity to double their business; , more than double their business. We have to actually scale what we have and execute, and we're doing it in a very supportive environment.  Recall that we are the beneficiary of regulatory choice around the globe where regulators have decided that they prefer more of the investment -- more of the debt capital in markets to come from the investor marketplace than from the banking system. That does not mean the banking system doesn't play a vital role or that it will shrink. It simply means that credit growth, which typically follows GDP -- I believe that much of that growth is going to occur in the investment marketplace. Some of that will in pure-beta products, investment-grade bonds and high-yield bonds that we are just not all that interested in, but we're talking about a massively large market where we are, even at our size, a small participant. So I do the following math, Alex, it's helpful: We have a $500 billion private credit business today.  Somewhere between $150 billion and $200 billion of that is beta. For us to double our credit business, we have to . I like our chances of doing that over the next 5 years because the beta comes for free.
Scott Kleinman: The only thing I'd add there is the other 50% not coming from our platforms comes from the Apollo system. We've put enormous time and energy over the last 12, 18 months really driving the origination, linking our various business units to be able to drive the sourcing capabilities to provide more debt originations from all the relationships we have across the variety of our businesses, our equity businesses, our hybrid businesses, our infra businesses. And that -- we're seeing that start to really come into effect, so we're only in the early innings of fully tapping that from an origination capability, so -- and just a lot of momentum all around from all the different sources of origination.
Operator: The next question is coming from Patrick Davitt of Autonomous Research.
Michael Davitt: My question is on the retirement services growth guide run rating at $80 billion in 4Q but guiding to $70 billion for 2024. So does that disconnect some restriction from available capital? Or are you just being conservative and the growth could actually continue to track from that higher 4Q run rate?
Marc Rowan: I think you're hearing from us. In a week or 2, on the fixed income call, you'll hear from Jim Belardi. And if you look back in history, the team sitting in New York is a little more conservative than the team sitting out in , but I want to caution this is not just about volume. We can generate all the volume that we want. And I'm going to encourage you to really look into how people are generating volume. When you buy a secondary block of business, you're buying something that's degraded from a surrender charge point of view. I'm not sure that's good business. I'm not sure I can invest against that. I'm not sure I like the potential risk of that business. So we can do a victory lap by growing, but that's not the growth I want.  We can also do a victory lap by growing 3-year [indiscernible]. That's going to feel great this year and next year and the following year, but all I'm doing is setting up a cliff that is ultimately going to fall off. And I may not like the 3-year [indiscernible] years from now. We are focused on high-grading the business that we do. I would rather do $70 billion of business that $80 billion or $85 billion of business. And I think, while it is -- while many of you are learning this business, we've been living in this business for 15 years and the headlines are just not -- are not what they seem. And this gets also into the guidance on SRE. We had an unbelievable 2023. Jim Belardi and team, Grant Kvalheim and team, I hope they're listening. They should be doing victory laps. We actually did what we say we do.  We were not a current-period profit maximizer. We ended the year north of $12 billion of cash. We ended the year with a sizable treasury portfolio, which we almost never have. And we essentially high-graded the portfolio and built liquidity because we had already grown 25%. We have the opportunity, should Apollo, now the pressure is on Apollo, continue at the $30 billion-plus run rate of origination, to actually do what we want to do, which is deploy into investment-grade and yield-y private credit that locks in on a matched basis high spread. That will cushion a big chunk of what people would normally expect to fall off from rates. The other thing that happens rates up, rates down. In a rates up, we tend to go -- we tend to get a full benefit of it, but recall that, when rates are up, everything that we own is worth less. We lose flexibility in the portfolio. In a rates down, everything that we own is in gain position. We have massive flexibility in the portfolio. We have the ability to rotate out of investment-grade corporates and into originated private investment grade. The pressure is not on Jim Belardi and Grant. The pressure is on us. We have to originate more of what they need. And recall that they don't want 100% of what we originate. They want 25% of everything, so for us to really scale their business and scale our third-party business comes back to origination. We need to originate more.
Operator: The next question is coming from Michael Brown of KBW.
Michael Brown: So the mantra for 2024, no new toys. How can we expect the capital allocation to progress over the next 2 or 3 years? And then specifically in 2024, any way to maybe put some guide rails around how the share buybacks could be utilized this year?
Martin Kelly: Michael, it's Martin. I'll -- so I addressed some of this in the -- in my comments. I think the priorities in terms of allocation, for us, are to grow Athene. And the benefit of growing Athene, including with the , are numerous. And the earnings leverage from that is really beneficial; and some of which, we outlined at the Origination Day last October. It also grows AAA, all right, so that has a compounding impact on earnings. We want to -- we are -- as I mentioned, we don't see a lot of scope to invest in growing the business inorganically. And so that should be modest and very sort of targeted. We want to make sure that we're at least immunizing employee stock issuance, and so that's built into the plans. And then the ability to immunize and reduce the share count on a real basis is on realizations really. That's the delta. And so as realizations pick up, we'll have more flexibility to do that. And that really depends on what the markets -- what receptivity there is in the markets for exits, particularly in our private equity business. So that's how we sort of connect it all together. Whichever way you look at it, the returns -- the marginal return on a dollar of capital -- whether you're buying back stock or whether you're investing in Athene are both attractive, so they're both good choices, but that's how we try to balance it. But I would think, in terms of time frame, think of it as a 3-year plan, but we need more sort of near-term realizations to be leaning into that, so more back ended than front ended.
Operator: The next question is coming from Brennan Hawken of UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Martin, I'd like to maybe try and square your comments around the cost of funds in the fourth quarter and some of the adjustments you flagged to Slide 12. Is the one piece that's not one of the notable items the impact of the new performance fee? And given that performance fees are something I'd think you guys would be collecting on a regular basis, why is it that we should be adjusting that out? Can you please just maybe help us understand that impact a little bit more?
Marc Rowan: So this is Marc. I'm going to give a conceptual and then Martin will address the specifics. If you look at history in our portfolio -- and this is not history of 1 year, but you look over 15 years. Then you say, where have the vast majority of losses come from in the investment portfolio? They've come from the corporate IG book, the thing that everyone thinks is safe. And if we're -- if you think of that as like most investors, a lot of that is based on rating and diversification and industry classifications. That no longer suffices. Athene has decided that it makes more sense to bonus the people who are managing portfolios for them, net of specific losses and net of specific impairments, which now include the corporate IG bond book. What we saw was it -- 100% of the charge for the change took place in 1 quarter, as opposed to spread over 4 quarters. Ultimately the belief is and the reason this was done is that this on a net basis should be a positive for Athene, but in the quarter it was taken, we're just calling it out so you know exactly why it was taken.
Martin Kelly: I think my...
Marc Rowan: Sorry...
Martin Kelly: I would also connect it back to originations, all right? So it's a tool to incentivize appropriate originations on a risk-adjusted basis. And the math is pretty simple. The full charge of 7 bps was taken in 1 quarter, but think of it as an equivalent dollar amount performance-dependent taken over the course of the year. And if you adjust for that and the notables from Q3, you -- and look at the change in sort of top line fixed-income income and cost of funds, they're right on top of each other on a quarter-over-quarter basis.
Operator: The next question is coming from Ben Budish of Barclays.
Benjamin Budish: I was wondering if you can give an update on ADIP specifically and then maybe speak a little bit more generally about sidecars. You identified it, I think, last year as one of your kind of strategic priorities going forward, so maybe a little more color on how you expect that opportunity to evolve and what we should see this year.
Scott Kleinman: Sure. So fundraising, going quite well. We expect to wrap it up this summer in the $4 billion to $5 billion range, so providing Athene the sidecar capital necessary for the next probably 2 years. So feeling really good about that. Part of what we're doing is just a big education campaign, right? This is not necessarily an intuitive product to investors, but once folks start to understand it, it's a pretty exciting product.
Marc Rowan: Yes. The color I would give in this -- and this is as you evaluate entering into this business. The reason we are successful raising sidecars -- and people buy into the business pro rata with Athene and actually pay both Athene and Apollo fees for the privilege of doing retirement services business. The reason this works is they, the investors, have seen us over a very long period of time stick to a mantra of high cash-on-cash returns. The ability to produce north of 15% cash-on-cash returns growth in book value over that period of time; and to step away from the market; and to step away from kinds of transactions that, while would give us growth, but -- are not fundamentally good transactions is why we're trusted with this capital. People will discover very quickly that this business done poorly is very capital intensive. This business done well is a great business, so I just step back to the big economics. It costs roughly $0.08 of capital for every dollar of growth. If you fund all $0.08 yourself -- you can do the math as to how big you get and how much capital you need. Roughly 2/3 of that $0.08 is funded by third parties who for -- pay us a fee for the privilege of funding because it offers excess return per unit of risk and they are aligned with us. And they know that we will be good stewards of their capital. If firms do not produce high rates of return and do not make fundamentally good strategic choices, they will not be trusted with sidecars; and that will be the difference between success and failure.
Operator: The next question is coming from Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: I wanted to ask more broadly on the retail annuities market with aging demographics and the need for income. I was hoping you could speak to the market growth that you expect from annuities over the next 5 to 10 years. And what sort of enhancements might you be able to make to the product set and overall customer experience to perhaps unlock some additional growth and expand the ?
Marc Rowan: So the product set for annuities, if you look over a long period of time, has not evolved all that much. We entered the market [indiscernible] a decade ago. And the changes that we made to the product in the context of our industry we're very substantial but in the context of financial service is not all that substantial. We stripped down many of the unused [indiscernible] and we added it to rate and simplified the product and simplified the administration of the product, and it turns out consumers prefer more to less. That has allowed us, along with capital and good asset availability, to move from a new entrant to the market to the largest-ever year of annuity sales in 2023 and a leading market position. I think we will continue to see modest changes around the traditional product in terms of custom indices.  And because the product, as you know, is not a straightforward you get a set rate, you actually get a percentage of a market's index performance, subject to a floor; and investors like that mix of upside and downside. The holy grail of this business, in my opinion, is both simplification and a much simpler promise of guaranteed lifetime income. Currently firms taking one significant risk. That's investment risk. When you move to guaranteed lifetime income, you're taking both investment risk and longevity risk. We have elected, to date, not to take substantial amounts of longevity risk in our portfolio, but like any marketplace, there is the opportunity to work with market participants who are on the other side of the longevity bet to hedge out that risk. Right now the costs of hedging that out would not allow for the distribution of a product that neutralized longevity risk in a commercial sale, but in a fiduciary sale, one is -- that is not through a channel that is commission payable -- one could, in fact, offer guaranteed lifetime income and halve the costs of a longevity hedge borne by commission. I think you will see a number of firms in our industry trial that this year.  I think if we as an industry are successful in doing that, I think, we will open a different market and a market that is potentially very large and very attractive that provides long-term capital but leaves us as an industry participant focused on the risk we want to take, which is investment risk, rather than being in a longevity risk business. The other is we think of this mostly in a U.S. context. Europe, I believe, is going to step back and evaluate how they have focused on this industry. There's been a 40% drop in the availability of guaranteed income in European markets, primarily linked toward regulatory change. This problem is also in Australia, the most successful retirement market in the world in terms of superannuation. They've spent a lot of time thinking about accumulation but very little time thinking about decumulation. If you're interested, there's a treasury paper that's out talking about this. This is in Hong Kong. This is elsewhere in the world, so the ability to take what we've done in the U.S. and adjust for the local flavor and local regulation is one significant growth area. Growth in indices and the custom indices is another area. And finally, really cracking the code on guaranteed lifetime income, which is in its very early days, is a further potential growth area.
Operator: The next question is coming from Finian O'Shea of Wells Fargo Securities -- actually, I -- apologies. It looks like we have reached our allotted time for questions. I'll turn it back to Mr. Noah Gunn for closing comments.
Noah Gunn: Great. Thanks for your help this morning, Donna. And thanks to everyone, for your interest and time this morning. If you have any questions or clarifications about anything discussed on today's call or our results, please feel free to reach out to us. And we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-01 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Management's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. During today's discussion, all callers will be placed in listen-only mode. And following management's prepared remarks, the conference call will be open for questions. Please limit yourself to one question, then rejoin the queue. This conference call is being recorded. This call may include forward-looking statements and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to Apollo's most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Apollo will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, which management believes are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in Apollo's earnings presentation, which is available on the company's Web site. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Apollo fund. I will now turn the call over to Noah Gunn, Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Noah Gunn: Great. Thanks, Donna, and welcome again everyone to our call. Earlier this morning, we published our earnings release and financial supplement on the Investor Relations portion of our Web site. We reported strong third quarter financial results, which included record quarterly FRE of $472 million, or $0.77 per share, and record quarterly SRE of $873 million, or $1.43 per share. Together, these two earnings streams totaled $1.3 billion in the third quarter, increasing more than 30% year-over-year and reflecting solid execution from both our asset management and retirement services businesses. Combined with principal investing income, HoldCo financing costs and taxes, we reported adjusted net income of $1 billion, or $1.71 per share, up 23% year-over-year.  Joining me this morning to discuss our results and strong relative positioning in further detail are Marc Rowan, CEO; Scott Kleinman, Co-President; and Martin Kelly, CFO. And one quick plug before we proceed. In a couple of weeks on the afternoon of November 14, we will be hosting a deep dive presentation on our platform origination strategy, a top area of investor focus, which will provide insights into various platforms in detail how, in aggregate, we believe they provide a competitive and sustainable advantage to Apollo in sourcing excess spread. A live video cast of this session will be available through our Investor Relations page. And with that, now back to our regularly scheduled earnings programming. Marc?
Marc Rowan: Thanks, Noah, and good morning to all. Another great quarter amidst interesting financial markets and certainly a challenging year for many in our industry. Just to highlight performance; quarterly FRE up 29% year-over-year, quarterly SRE 36% year-over-year, margin expansion three quarters in a row now, inflows for the third quarter 33 billion, 125 billion year-to-date, deployment 36 billion, fundamentally momentum both sides of the business.  Our business model is very robust, as I will track for you. We expect another 30 billion plus/minus of inflows for Q4, bringing total inflows for the year to 150 billion. The momentum we see in the business tells me we will have an on track continued good performance heading into Q4. Obviously, a quarter is not done yet but everything we see tells us the momentum will continue.  In global wealth, which I'll just do a quick shout out to given how hard the team has been working, there are now seven perpetual wealth products in the market today. Scott will go through this in detail. And just to close out, origination volume tracking north of the 100 billion on an annualized level. Fundamentally, everything in the business is working and I believe we're set up appropriately to benefit from the current market. Almost everything in our business works better with higher rates.  Credit, as you know, is a much bigger part of our business mix than most of our peer group, something we've built over a long period of time. And as to remind you, we are focused on senior secured top of the capital structure. This is a big difference between what people normally think of as private credit and otherwise. But we want a business that last, one that has duration, one that is set up for a difficult economy, notwithstanding all the positives happening in the credit market.  To give you a sense, impairments at Athene at or below last year's level we expect for the year and the year-to-date, notwithstanding some back and forth quarter-to-quarter. Fundamentally, the book is in very good shape. On the equity side of our business, purchase price matters, which is our strategy, has really paid off. There's lots of dry powder in the equity business in private markets. But many people are sitting on the sidelines.  They have no idea how much of their existing capital is going to need to be used to solve problems in their existing portfolio to get refinancings done. Purchase price matter and being disciplined over the past decade has left us with a very small number of situations that will require fixing, and therefore we have been on offense, tremendous deployment, which Scott will detail in our private equity business and in our hybrid business.  If you like something now in the equity business, given all the geopolitical implications, given the concerns over recession, given the high-rate environment, given what is generally very difficult financing conditions, you really like it. On the margin deployment into the equity business, I think for all of '23 will prove for our industry to be very, very attractive. So what's really happening? Let me step back and give you my view at least on what I think is happening in markets and in private markets. And then I'll start -- I look at my career, which is now 39 years and I think we have benefited from four tailwinds over this period of time. We've had rates generally going from high to low. We have printed a massive amount of money. We have borrowed forward future demand through fiscal stimulus and fiscal borrowing. And we've had the benefit of globalization.  It does not surprise me with those four tailwinds that risk assets, equities, growth, real estate, things like that did really well. But I ask myself, are any of those four things true today? I think there's an argument as to whether there are headwinds or just the absence of tailwinds. But everything that I see tells me that looking backward is not likely to be a good indication of what needs to be done going forward for investment success, in particular, looking backward over the past 10 years, which I view as an absolute aberration, will not be a good guide going forward. And the strategies that performed over the past period of time with these tailwinds are not going to perform in the new environment that we have.  I also think there have been fundamental changes that have happened to markets and market structure over the past years as well, the most significant of which happened in 2008. 2008, we came very close to an absolute debacle in our financial system. The rules of how our financial markets work were fundamentally rewritten. We, not just Apollo but all of us, we just didn't notice. Because right after we changed the rules, we printed $8 trillion and everything went up into the right. Well, now that we are no longer doing that, now that rates are up, now that there are headwinds, we are starting to notice some of these changes, and I'll stick to three and I'll talk about their implications.  One is liquidity, public market liquidity. By some estimates, dealer capital, capital that facilitates trading, is roughly 10% today of what it was in 2008. Markets are 3x their size. That tells me we have just less liquidity in public markets. We have already seen the first complete breakdown of functioning in market, which was UK LDI last year. It will not surprise me going forward to see liquidity challenged, public markets challenged, and investors beginning to understand that liquidity only exists on the way up and does not exist on the way down, we should expect a more volatile, less liquid world in public markets.  The second is the role of banks, not just in our economy but in economies around the world. Dodd-Frank in theory was targeted at constraining the power of the four big banks in the U.S. following the financial crisis. But the banking system in general, guess what it worked? Banks today in the U.S. markets are roughly 20% of debt capital to consumers and businesses. All of you, investors, now supply 80% of debt capital to businesses.  In addition, the changes that are now proposed to occur following the debacle at SVB and First Republic and Credit Suisse will further lead to debanking. When regulators asked banks in the U.S. to put up 15% more capital, they're asking the banks to shrink or to shrink lines of business. When Europe moves from Basel III to Basel IV, they're asking banks to shrink. This is happening around the world. Debanking is not something that is periodic. It is at its very early infancy.  It does not mean that banking is a bad business. It does not mean the four big banks don't have amazing businesses. They do. But it means on the margin, they will continue to play less and less as a percentage of the total and new investors will play more and more. That tells me as investors that you will see over the next decade, a series of financial products that you've never seen before, because they have historically been resident-only on the balance sheets of large banks and they are on their way to you as investment product.  On the third, and what I focus on is this notion of indexation and correlation. 80% of volume today of trading is S&P 500, 60% of our markets are ETFs, 10 stocks make up nearly 35% of the S&P 500. These 10 stocks are responsible for 100% of year-to-date returns. These 10 stocks have traded between 52 and 44 PE over the last few weeks. Not many of you come in every day looking to buy 50 PE stocks, yet we feel really comfortable with a massive portion of our country's retirement system assets and fiduciary assets in 50 PE stocks. We have literally never had so much concentration in so few instruments since the NIFTY 50. Going back, it predates my career. But if one looks at the data from that period of time, a decade later, investors lost nearly 90% of their money. I'm not saying that's what's happening here. What I'm pointing out is we had this perception historically that public was safe and private was risky. I ask, is that even the right framework to think about how markets structured today? Is public safe and is private risky or are both public and private both risky and safe? I do think that that is the conclusion, and that's where investors will move to.  Let me dig in a little bit on private credit. Private credit is the flavor of the day in our industry. You can look at press mentions, you can look at all the articles, you can look at what our colleagues and peers have had to say on their various calls. Private credit for us has been the mainstay of our business. We are nearly 500 billion in private credit, away from the 2,600 people who work in Apollo Asset Management and the more than 2,000 people who work at Athene. There are 4,000 people at Apollo who do not carry an Apollo business card, who work at one of our 16 platforms that Noah referenced where we will do a deep dive, and their job every single day is to create credit, create private credit, which I'll come to. And that's what they come in and do every day. We've assembled this over the last decade plus for between $6 billion and $8 billion. Truthfully, our ecosystem is second to none in this business.  As I mentioned, I believe we are in the first inning or the infancy of private credit. Private credit is a secular trend and it follows the debanking that I mentioned, and it is not just a U.S. phenomenon, it is a worldwide phenomenon. We have to-date as a financial press and as an industry talked about private credit as if it meant to be levered lending, sometimes called direct lending, was private credit. Let me tell you, this is a fraction of a fraction of what debanking will produce.  This piece of the business of lending to buyout sponsors sometimes is a very good business. It is about to get commoditized. Lots of capital is coming to this area. There are low barriers to entry. And investors understand this. They are moving toward firms that have established ecosystems, that have long track records of risk and reward, that will not chase the hot dot in this market because yes, there will be a hot dot in this market as well.  When I talk about private credit, I'm really talking about the secular change as a result of debanking. I start with the notion that everything on a bank balance sheet is actually private credit. What we've seen so far and what the press has focused on is levered lending, which, as I said, is a fraction of a fraction. I think we're going to be talking about this for the next 10 years. And the vast, vast majority of what we're interested in private credit is actually investment grade. The difference between where we are today and where I think we will be is all about education and nomenclature. Investors are being asked really challenging questions today. Is a single A rated private security an alternative or fixed income? Sometimes I can stop a CIO at a big fund for an hour with that question. If it's an alternative because it is private and that's how they think about the world, they're not going to buy it because they need 15% and 20% rates of return out of their alternative bucket.  But if it is fixed income, because it is rated the same as fixed income and it offers 200 to 300 basis points of excess return for the same risk, institutional investors, family offices, wealthy individuals should be able to tolerate some degree of illiquidity if they're getting paid for it, particularly if I go back to my secular themes of liquidity is not so good in the public market. Most of what's out there has been commoditized. I do think this is our future. I do think we as a group will be talking about private credit, and I expect the conversation to become much, much more sophisticated.  Away from the business, I sometimes joke that we raise money, we invest money, and we compensate people. The raising of money, the investing of money seems to be in very good shape. I'm fortunate that Scott and Jim live and breathe this every single day. I, therefore, get to focus on compensating people. And it's not just compensating people. It's also about the culture. As I've said previously, our North Star is to build the best partnership in financial services.  If we can be the best place for our 200 partners to work, we will retain their judgment throughout their whole career. We will also send a message to our next generation of principals that partnership at Apollo is what it's all about. And then throughout the organization, younger people entering our firm no matter how hard they are working, and they are working hard and I thank you, you will have two amazing generations of mentors to teach you the business. This is the ecosystem that we're trying to create.  We also are trying to do something for shareholders. We understand that shareholders value more highly those things that are highly predictable, FRE and SRE, and value less highly those things that are volatile, PII. Just look at this year where FRE and SRE are up nearly 30% each and PII reflecting market conditions is down very significantly from what we would expect as a long run average. Our goal over time is to pay our people more PII and less FRE and SRE. And that is the trend we are on.  At our Investor Day some two years ago, we laid out a trajectory of how we're doing. Today, Martin will update you and tell you we are not only on that trajectory, we are now pivoting to actually exceed that trajectory. What Martin will detail for you is not just a financial transaction, but also focused on the next generation of leadership. We have, and as Martin will detail, decided to fundamentally change the compensation for four of our next generation of leaders. These are not the only leaders who in my view are capable of the next generation, but there are four who are very visible within our organization; Matt Nord, David Sambur, John Zito and Grant Kvalheim. All four of them have taken on increasing amounts of responsibility over the years. They now see not just to oversee their individual departments. They oversee massive pieces of our firm that are integrated. And as such, we've decided to compensate them substantially in stock. That does not necessarily mean more, it just means different.  What we've decided to do is to take the compensation of FRE and SRE and PII that they would have received and replace a very large portion of that with stock, so they are aligned with Jim and Scott and myself, but also with all of you. This will create room for us to further give that PII that those four individuals hold to others in our firm in our constant battle and our constant direction to keep more of the FRE and SRE for the house and less of the PII. And that I believe is how it should be.  Employees, particularly our partners, are well suited to understand PII and to bear the volatility of good and bad of PII. I believe this to be a good outcome for shareholders. I view it as a good outcome for me personally. And I know Jim and Scott view it as a good outcome for them, having everyone aligned and being paid in the same way, extraordinarily important. I will also tell you, we are committed to immunizing the stocks that we intend to grant and Martin will detail that for you as well.  So Noah is already tapping his watch and telling me that my time is almost up. Fundamentally, we are on track to hit our five-year plan. Athene, as you know, has already exceeded its five-year plan. Of the three big bets that we laid out, capital solutions in two years has already hit its five-year plan. Origination and global wealth are well on track to meet their five-year plan. So fundamentally, we're confident to meet or exceed the goals that we laid out in our first five-year plan. And it feels almost like it's time for the next update.  There are so many interesting things happening in asset management, so many interesting fundamental changes in market, and so we are committed to hosting our next Investor Day later in '24, which Noah will detail to really talk about where we go from here. With that, I'll remind you, the goal that we're after, deliver the targets that we've told you plus a little while maintaining our culture. We are not seeking to be the biggest. We're not seeking to be the fastest growing. We're seeking to build something that is sustainable over a very long period of time.  With that, I'm going to turn it over to Scott. 
Scott Kleinman: Thanks, Marc. Unlike many in the industry, the current market backdrop, marked by higher interest rates, heightened volatility and economic uncertainty is where we thrive. It's good for our core investing businesses where we are asset selectors with a value orientation, not momentum or volume traders. It's also good for Athene's business where higher for longer rates drive more volume and better profitability.  And it can be good for our capital solutions business where companies can access creative financing solutions when traditional sources of capital are less plentiful. This is the true power of our aligned asset management and retirement services business model, which should only increase as we continue executing on our growth objectives. As you've heard us say before, the foundation of our business is providing excess return per unit of risk. And this is evident in our strong investment performance. In the yield business, our corporate credit, structured credit and direct origination strategies, all appreciated between 3% and 4% in the quarter and between 12% and 17% over the last 12 months. We've seen particularly strong performance in certain underlying strategies, including Apollo Debt Solutions, which posted a total net return of 16.5% for Class 1 shares over the last 12 months. Performance in our hybrid value franchise also remains robust, with the portfolio appreciating 4% in the third quarter and 11% year-to-date. And in private equity, our flagship strategy appreciated 3% in the third quarter and 16% over the last 12 months, including 22% LTM for Fund IX specifically, as the underlying portfolio companies continue to generate healthy earnings growth and are actively managing inflation by achieving greater operational efficiencies. The portfolio is well diversified and has an average purchase multiple of slightly over 6x, offering significant downside protection should economic conditions worsen. In terms of investing activity, we remained active during the quarter, putting 36 billion of capital to work across the platform. Investing activity across the yield platform accounted for the vast majority of capital deployment in the quarter as we continue to capitalize on two primary interrelated themes, global debanking and lack of public market liquidity. Our ability to provide scale capital solutions with flexibility and certainty has made us a lender of choice in today's backdrop. With that said, we're picking our spots and remaining highly disciplined in our underwriting criteria given the potential economic pressures of interest rates remaining higher for longer. This is the playbook we've used time and time again, strong defense during times of uncertainty, leading to effective offense during periods of dislocation. For our hybrid business, the pipeline of deployment opportunities is also expanding. Sponsors and corporates alike are seeking structured financing alternatives to access liquidity and refinance capital structures, which is driving heightened demand. This trend is especially evident within our hybrid value strategy, where the deployment pace in our second vintage has been strong, as well as our S3 business where we've invested more than $1 billion of capital into equity and hybrid solutions so far this year.  And in private equity, we remain very busy with capital deployment activity reaching $11 billion over the last 12 months. With reductions in broad market valuations, we're seeing a wider opportunity set that fits our strategy, particularly in take-privates and carve-out transactions. As a leading franchise with a longstanding track record, we remain confident in our ability to source financing, deploy capital, and appropriately capitalize during challenging market environments, which was recently showcased by the sizeable closings of Univar and Arconic in August. Moving to our capital raising results, we generated 33 billion of total inflows in the quarter, primarily comprised of the 13 billion of inflows from Athene and very strong third party fundraising of 14 billion. Investor preferences have shifted in favor of credit over the past year, and we've been capturing this demand through our full product suite, spanning corporate credit through total return and Apollo Debt Solutions, go anywhere opportunistic credit through Accord and Accord+, and our newly launched asset-backed finance franchise. All of these are important to our growth objectives in the yield business over the next 12 months and beyond, which will position us with even more dry powder for what we expect to be an attractive credit investing backdrop. Additionally, we spent a lot of time and resources positioning ourselves for the next wave of growth in our asset management business, which we've discussed is concentrated in six complementary areas where we believe we have a competitive edge. Fundraising for these initiatives accounted for more than 25% of total third party capital raised in the third quarter, including capital for direct origination and multi-credit sidecars and for AAA. We also expect to hold closes for our inaugural equity secondaries and clean transition equity funds over the next couple of quarters, which are two exciting areas of expansion within our equity business. And of course, an important component of our capital raising efforts this year and going forward is everything we're building in global wealth. This area continues to be a steady march for us as we roll out product, expand distribution, invest in technology, and continue to educate the marketplace. We believe all these components have led to a differentiated platform offering for several reasons. First, excess return. As I mentioned earlier, our primary goal is to drive excess return per unit of risk for our clients. Through our tailored product suite, individual investors get to the same sourcing and underwriting resources as our institutional clients and our own balance sheet. Second, customization. Individual investors consume product in a different way. To meet this need, we've taken institutional-like offerings and adjusted them into structures for the retail market, and in some cases designed products specifically with the individual investor in mind. We offer seven families of perpetual products today for both U.S. and non-U.S. global wealth investors and have a handful more in the pipeline.  Third, education. We believe the benefits that alternatives bring to a diversified portfolio are still widely misunderstood by retail investors, and are often equated with high risk, high fee products. To combat this mischaracterization, we've leaned in on education through Apollo Academy, which recently crossed the one-year mark and has more than 10,000 financial professionals registered as members. And lastly, commitment. As a leadership team, we've made an internal and external commitment to this initiative, which is translated into a couple of important benefits, including allocation of resources, both organically and via M&A, and with speed to market that has allowed us to grow as quickly as we have.  Despite all the progress we've made thus far, it's still early days and we see a long runway of growth ahead of us and what we view as a massive addressable market. Given our emerging growth prospects relative to more mature wealth platforms, we feel confident in our ability to drive this continued growth, even if faced with a more challenging retail market backdrop. Turning to Athene, organic inflows totaled 13 billion in the third quarter, bringing year-to-date inflows to 44 billion. Retail annuity sales drove half the quarterly activity with businesses that were -- with business that was underwritten to very strong returns. Volume has been increasing in that channel to begin the fourth quarter with approximately 2.5 billion of annuity sold in October.  In flow reinsurance, Athene is continuing to see a steady build in volumes driven by new distribution partnerships in Japan and the U.S., as well as strong volumes from existing counterparts. We expect flow reinsurance inflows to exceed 10 billion this year, implying healthy inflows again next quarter.  For pension group annuities, despite the low in activity in the third quarter, we see a solid pipeline of opportunities including one deal that already closed in October. It's worth noting that this business now has generated $50 billion of cumulative volume since Athene entered the channel in 2017, leading the industry during that timeframe. Based on the momentum we see across Athene's business, we remain on pace to generate 60 billion plus of total inflows this year.  So with that, I'll turn the call over to Martin to go through our financial results. 
Martin Kelly: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. So as Marc previewed, we reported another very strong quarter of results as we continue to execute against the financial targets we laid out at the beginning of this year. Markets have changed quite significantly since then, marked by even higher interest rates and increased economic uncertainty, yet we've remained confident throughout 2023 in meeting or exceeding our initial financial targets for the year, as further evidenced today. With these results, we believe that we're beginning to gain recognition for the predictability, consistency and differentiated growth of our earnings profile, anchored by our two primary earnings streams, FRE and SRE. I'll address five topics in my remarks today. One, earnings growth and outlook in our asset management business; two, the financial impact of the compensation awards we announced today; three, earnings growth and outlook in our retirement services business; four, credit performance in Athene's portfolio; and five, capital allocation priorities. Starting with our asset management business, our 7% increase in quarterly FRE continued to be driven by solid revenue growth and expense discipline. Year-to-date, FRE revenues are higher by 25% against a 21% increase in FRE expenses. Our capital solutions business achieved a new high in the third quarter amid a robust year of growth.  We're very pleased with the expansion of this business, which is on track to meet its five-year revenue plan in just two years. We'll spend some time during our platform origination presentation on November 14 discussing the breadth of this business, and it's important to our fixed income replacement strategy. Specific to Fund X in the quarter, management fee growth of 5% included a $24 million catch up for Fund X and its final close, with Fund X fees in the quarter being $14 million higher than the prior quarter considering catch ups in both quarters. Our focus on scaling the asset management business is evident in our compensation costs, which were flat in the quarter and up 14% on a year-to-date basis. Underpinning this is a moderation in our headcount growth and an emphasis on building our team in India, which recently crossed 500 employees or close to 20% of our total headcount. Our non-compensation costs are in their last year of sizeable growth, reflecting a step up in our investments in global real estate, technology and product distribution. Combined, this has driven strong positive operating leverage, resulting in more than 150 basis points of margin expansion year-to-date versus the prior year period. Based on our visibility into the fourth quarter, we remain confident in achieving 25% FRE growth in 2023, as previously communicated. Looking ahead to 2024, we expect FRE growth between 15% and 20%, consistent with our FRE growth expectations in a year without a flagship PE fundraise. The outcome is somewhat dependent on the environment with current expectations around the middle of that range.  This outlook is guided by a strong fundraising outlook, our holding more than $45 billion of uninvested capital with management fee potential. Our current plan to repeat the very successful year in capital solutions in 2023 and low double digit expense growth. We anticipate a further approximate 100 basis point improvement in our FRE margin next year as a result. The compensation awards we announced today amount to approximately $550 million of award value at grant, equating to approximately 1% of our share count and include two components. One, for senior leaders the exchange of the majority of existing and expected future compensation in the form of FRE, SRE, carry and stock for newly issued vested stock. And two, the reallocation of those savings and the expected issuance of a modest amount of additional carry to other employees and a further exchange for every in stock. This exchange and reallocation is accretive in value, and we expect will create an opportunity for a further reduction in our FRE compensation ratio which we currently believe will be around 23% by 2026 before further relocations. It will also create a reduction in stock that we expect would have otherwise been issued, and will increase our cycle average PII compensation ratio to an expected range of 65% to 75%, outcomes that we believe are well aligned with shareholders, as Marc described. Turning to our retirement services business, we generated SRE of $873 million in the third quarter or 168 basis points of net spread. This included some offsetting items that when adjusted for resulted in normalized SRE being roughly in line at $879 million.  In terms of balance sheet growth, net invested assets ended the quarter at $208 billion, down $6 billion versus the second quarter, reflecting the buy down by ADIP2 of $7 billion of organic inflows from the first half of the year and the $3 billion transaction with Venerable, more than offsetting positive net flows within the quarter.  Invested assets attributable to third party investors in ADIP now exceed $50 billion, representing 20% of Athene's total invested assets. As third party capital, ADIP has multiple benefits, including validating Athene's business model, providing capital support, driving greater profitability on business retained and enhancing AGM's overall group capital efficiency.  We expect to close out 2023 with a normalized SRE growth rate exceeding 30%, reflecting our expectations for strong organic inflows in the fourth quarter, a lower core outflow rate, ADIP growth participation and a normalized net spread of approximately 165 basis points in the fourth quarter.  As you are aware from comments we made when we issued the mandatory convertible preferred stock in August, and as evidenced by our retirement services business exceeding its five-year earnings target in two years, we have benefited both from meaningfully higher volume growth and asset returns. It is important to budget a continuation of that growth rate.  Having said that, we continue to expect low double digit normalized SRE growth in 2024 after adjusting for the ADIP buy down and Venerable recapture, driven by, one, continued scaling of asset growth due to an abundance of organic growth opportunities across our four business channels. Cumulatively, we expect that to be at least $70 billion in 2024.  Two, funding this growth with existing capital resources, including third party ADIP capital. And three, on spreads, expected non-normalized net spreads of around 165 basis points for the year assuming the current forward curve. And as a reminder, higher rates benefit our floating rate assets and achievable return on our underlying capital.  Athene supports every dollar of liability growth with approximately $0.08 to $0.10 of capital, which we invest alongside the dollars of cash taken in from policyholders. So while Athene continues to underwrite new business to historical targets of around 115 basis points or better at the product level, the on the margin SRE spread is much higher in the current environment closer to 170 basis points year-to-date.  As it relates to credit quality, Athene's portfolio continues to be in a very strong position. Total impairments over the last 12 months have amounted to just 13 basis points, close to Athene's long-term average. Athene's investment portfolio is concentrated in high quality senior secured assets with an approximate 95% allocation to fixed income, of which 95% or so is rated investment grade.  It's noteworthy that Athene's credit losses have been disproportionately concentrated in investment grade corporate bonds purchased in the market, as opposed to private investment grade credit that we originate, underscoring our confidence in the credit quality of originated credit. We believe that Athene has the most transparent financial disclosure amongst its peers. And in line with that philosophy, Athene began publishing historical credit losses in their fixed income investor presentation last quarter, which will be updated in conjunction with our next call next week on November 9.  As it relates to capital allocation, the construct we laid out two years ago at our Investor Day remains largely intact, with delays in exiting private equity investments impacting the timing, but not the expected quantum of carry to be generated. Meanwhile, Athene has been maintaining its consistent dividend up to the holding company in a significantly more attractive growth backdrop amid rising rates.  To support this we have increased participation from ADIP and issued the mandatory convertible preferred stock in August, the proceeds of which were downstream to Athene. At the same time, the sheer number of organic growth opportunities at the asset manager and a targeted 20% return on group capital by growing Athene has resulted in little need to invest in the business through M&A.  Balancing all these dynamics, we expect to continue immunizing all regularly equity-based compensation when it's issued. And we expect to immunize both the dilutive impacts of the mandatory convertible preferred and the vested stock awards we announced today over the next few years as capital is available, targeting a share count of 600 million shares outstanding. We anticipate additional capacity within our current five-year plan, but back ended to consider opportunistic for share repurchase in addition to.  And with that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today is coming from Patrick Davitt of Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Patrick Davitt: Hi. Good morning, everyone. I know early days, but could you address your view of the potential risks to your business from the new DOL rule published yesterday? And within that, remind us, if at all, how dependent Athene is on distributors that might be charging the junk fees they're talking about? Thank you.
Marc Rowan: Okay. Thanks, Patrick. It's Marc. So what came out yesterday is not much different than what the industry saw seven years ago. Seven years ago, we and the rest of the industry prepared and actually made changes, extensive changes to how products and fees and features were disclosed. And so truthfully, not much new. In terms of your question on exposure of the business, about 10% of our business is through wholesalers. Another 10% is also to accounts but it's through banks that would have a very easy time adjusting to this because they essentially already charged that way anyway. So specifically, roughly 10% of the business is focused and not really worked up about it. This is where we were prepared to be seven years ago. And I think we're still a ways away from a final rule here anyway.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Glenn Schorr of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Glenn Schorr: Thanks very much. I wonder if we could just revisit two things that you said. You gave us good guidance or thought process on next year, so the 70 billion for next year. I'm curious if you could talk about that shift that we saw in the quarter, inflows into Athene were low because the shift over to ADIP. What should we expect of that 70 billion next year? And should we even be focused on it? Because I think in line with this DOL question, I think there's this notion that the retail flows are higher quality and some of the other funding agreements are stop gaps. But I wonder if you could talk to the quality of the four channels and if you debunk any of that, and how we should think about that shift going forward?
Marc Rowan: Glenn, it's Marc. So we've been watching this for the last 14 years. Fundamentally, there is no difference in the quality of any of these four channels. We run a business around cost of funds. Sometimes various channels are attractive, sometimes other channels are attractive. What we're seeing is there's a fundamental demand, not just in the U.S., but everywhere in the world, for guaranteed income. People need retirement solutions. If you look at the vast pools of capital in the U.S., for instance, in 401(k), where there's $8 trillion to $10 trillion, we force people who need returns the most to be daily liquid for 50 years. What we're doing as a country makes little sense. And consumers know that. And so what they've done as soon as they have access to their funds, increasingly, they are in higher rate environments, seeking out guaranteed lifetime income. The demand we're seeing on annuities, either directly or through reinsurance is fundamental. Reinsurance, again, no different to us than direct business other than it tends to be in markets or in market segments we don't serve or don't serve yet. So I don't feel there is any difference one way or the other in the way these things go. As it relates to the broader question, we have a choice. We have a choice of the capital intensity of our business. If we want to be more capital intensive, we put up $0.08 to $0.10 of every dollar. And we retain 100% of the business. If we do that, SRE grows faster because we're retaining more business. And it grows faster because we tend to earn 15% year-in and year-out on the capital that we put up. Really good option. We have, as you know, made a business decision that on the margin, we tend to fund around a third, between 30% and 40%, depending on the mix of business and the regulatory source of the business of every new deal which means that we put up 30% to 40% of that 8% to 10% and that will alter the SRE growth rate. I think what we've said to you over the long term is that we expect the retirement services business to be a low mid double digit rate of return grower. At every quarter, Jim Belardi, Grant Kvalheim and team are embarrassing us. And this year, as you know, it's up 30%. What we're seeing this year is what Martin detailed. Not only are we seeing fundamental demand for guaranteed income, which is driven by secular trends like you and I getting older but we're also seeing widening spread. We are reluctant to budget increased spread of 160, 175 basis points, which is 30 to 50 basis points above what Athene has done historically. But if we continue to see the scale of debanking in the investment grade segments of the market, I think we will continue to put up spread, but that's -- the kinds of spreads we are, but that's not how we budget and that's not how we telegraph where we think we're going. We think the prudent thing is to budget the way we have historically and let the performance speak for itself.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Michael Brown of KBW. Please go ahead.
Michael Brown: Hi. Good morning. So I appreciate the commentary on the spreads within Athene. I guess one thing I was trying to think through is the higher short-term rates have been a meaningful tailwind for the earnings on the floating rate asset side. As we perhaps get closer to the end of the Feds rate hiking campaigns, are you thinking about taking any actions there to reduce that downside risk if short-term rates do start to come down? Thank you.
Marc Rowan: So we are plus minus 30 billion of net floating rate assets. If you look at the growth of the business over the next two or three years and you consider the mix of our liabilities, we will want to be two, three years from now 30 billion of net floating rate assets. Having said that, we probably are relative to our liability position 10 billion to 15 billion excess floating rate assets over what we would want to or consider a long-term prudent position. You should expect that we will take action over the near term to reduce the short-term mismatch reflecting that, and that's factored into everything that we've discussed with you today.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein: Thanks. Good morning. I was hoping we could dig in a little bit more into some of the retail products you mentioned, which seem to have pretty good momentum here in the quarter, in particular AAA. I know the product is a bit complicated. So maybe give us sort of a breakdown of composition across various channels and sort of fee paying AUM between kind of third party and Athene as well as how kind of gross sales conversations are unfolding on that side of the channel? Thanks.
Martin Kelly: Sure. So, on the AAA side, we've been actually very pleased at how sales are progressing there. So we had our best quarter yet, a little over $700 million in the last quarter for AAA. So week-by-week, month-by-month, we are getting AAA on to more selling platforms, more sales agreements. So progress is good there on the retail side. We expect this to continue grow up, as you know. The retail business is all about getting on to more platforms, more bankers, more selling agreements not only AAA but all our products, ADS, ARIS. This is how we are progressing. This is why in my prepared comments, I just talked about we're finishing up year two of our global wealth focus and we just see so much more positive momentum as we get these selling agreements signed up in place, product-by-product, area-by-area, region-by-region, just a huge opportunity. So really positive momentum across all the products we have in market right now. Like I said earlier, we have seven product families out there right now. We have a few more coming in 2024 where at that point we feel like we'll have a fairly complete line up across the asset classes. And so yes, good progress.
Marc Rowan: So I'm just going to leave you with this following sense, Alex. What we're trying to do here is similar to what we're doing in the rest of the business. As you know, I've said publicly, certainly for high net worth families, family offices, I think they will be 50% plus alternatives over the next five years. And we're seeing that kind of uptake and traction. The difference between where we are and where I think we're going to be is only education. When we say we're on a platform, one of the big private banks, it may be 5% or 10% of the financial advisors. This is an education, an evangelical activity with more and more converts every day. And so if you take AAA, and I know you premised your question as a complex product, I'll make it an easier product. You can buy the S&P 500 at a 50 PE or you could buy roughly the same historical return at a much higher sharp ratio and give up liquidity. That is the choice we're actually seeing investors make. And while private markets are something that many on this call and we are very familiar with, the vast majority of investors thinking back over the 40 years, they've been doing just fine, owning the S&P and the 30-year treasury. And my point of starting where I started is I don't think with the absence of tailwinds, people are going to get the same performance. I don't think what I'm saying is all that controversial. We're now just in a period of education where people consider what does the market look like? How do I invest without tailwinds? What does it mean that public markets are less liquid on the way down? What does it mean to have debanking? What does it mean to have indexation and concentration? I believe when you look forward at asset management more generally over the next five years, I think you're going to see an asset management industry that is continuing to grow in its passive strategies. I think you will see boutiques who offer access to uncorrelated returns, or at least non-market correlated returns, such as ourselves and others grow. I think the tougher part of our industry, which you're already seeing is active management, harder and harder for active managers to produce good returns, certainly in fixed income. I question whether there's any alpha left in publicly traded fixed income markets. And given indexation and concentration, I think it's very, very difficult in equity markets. So I like where we sit. I like our hands of cards. It does not mean, again, we're going to be the biggest or the fastest growing. In the retail market, we want to be thought of as prudent and creative, growing our footprint every quarter, but not spiking it, taking too much money at a point in time to chase a hot strategy just makes no sense. It ultimately produces concentration risk, which some of our peers have seen by taking too much money at a point in time. Slow and steady, constant build is what we're seeking to do.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Cyprys: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to circle back to your commentary, Marc, on the DOL proposed rule. I was hoping you might be able to just elaborate a little bit on what aspects of the rule you find most troublesome for the business? And then what specific actions to products and features can be taken to address the rule? And then I think you mentioned about 10% of the business may be most impacted. I think it was in the wholesale channel. But what are other levers that you might be able to pull such as maybe altering the distribution strategy and maybe even thinking about going direct, because it doesn't change the overall demand side to your earlier point that retail investors still have a demand for income.
Marc Rowan: Okay. So, look, it starts with investor demand for guaranteed lifetime income or guaranteed income is going up. And I think investors will ultimately seek out places to do that. Historically, products like annuities have been very complicated because they offer a variety of options and other things and therefore they have had more of a complex sell. Therefore, you have [ph] needed advice and that advice has therefore a more expensive distribution than something you can buy off the shelf. I remain skeptical on direct distribution. But I also see the proliferation of distribution. Increasingly, financial products like guaranteed income are being sold through the banking system, are being sold through RIAs. And if you focus in on the specific issue, these are not issues of the closure. They're actually not issues of product features. We and many in our industry have already made the changes going back seven years, because that was just best practice. I think there will be more pressure on fee. That clearly is what it's at. And we can have both sides of that. I'm not going to say it's good or bad. But I've watched in other places around the world where the focus has been on fee. Take Australia, you have the biggest or the best retirement system anywhere in the world, 3.5 trillion for 28 million of population. Well, they have a big problem there. They actually legislated out all the fees. So now there's no advice. No one provides advice. And so at 65, when people get their big lump sum distribution from the superannuation product, they don't know what to do with it, and people are dying between 35% and 40% of their retirement income intact. The government doesn't like that, because there's been no advice on what I'll call decumulation. How do you set yourself up to live through however long you're going to live given increasing life spans? Eventually, I believe we're going to come to a sensible place that may be lower fee and distribution. Truthfully, it doesn't bother me in the slightest bit, a small piece of the business. I don't think this is going to result in fundamental changes in distribution. I think it may change how product is priced, and that's okay.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning, folks. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just to zoom in, Martin, on the FRE guidance, the 15% to 20% next year. For the higher end of that or getting close to the higher end of that, would it be capital markets or capital solutions fees is the biggest swing factor? And then if you could just comment on the trajectory of that, definitely certainly much better again this year than last year. And I think you're -- maybe if you can just confirm, I think your guidance was for flat solutions fees baked into that 15% to 20%. So maybe the trajectory of that and what drivers would increase the solutions fees a little bit faster?
Martin Kelly: Great, Brian. So what I said is that's sort of current best estimate, obviously. And so we're focused on all the fundraising initiatives Scott raised. Putting money to work in an environment which we think is conducive to our investing orientation, and then continuing to build out the capital solutions business. And so any -- we've made assumptions around each of the three of them, any of them could be a plus or minus to the guidance I gave. And so we'll talk more about capital solutions on the 14th. That's one of the objectives of the day to connect that back to the origination strategy, and our fixed income, origination and distribution focus. But yes, in the comments I made, we are assuming it's flat. Is there upside? Potentially, but we're really, really happy with the growth of the business. A five-year plan in two years is pretty heroic. And so we're focused on building out that business further and repeating the success we've had. So with a primary emphasis on credit and then building it out to other -- to co-invest over time.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Brennan Hawken of UBS. Please go ahead. Brennan, please make sure your phone is not on mute.
Brennan Hawken: Thank you. Thanks for taking my question. I appreciate it. Sorry if this is a bit remedial, but cost of funds came down quarter-over-quarter. I don't know of another company in financial services where cost of funds came down. So could you maybe speak to what drove the lower cost of funds, whether or not there was any one-time items and how sustainable that is?
Martin Kelly: Yes, we had -- you need to look at the normalized net spread. That's why we try to focus on the net of the two. There was a benefit in cost of funds for the quarter that we telegraphed last quarter related to the Venerable reinsurance transaction. And so that impacted cost of funds, which we then normalized out in the net spread. So I would look at the 165 basis points as the guide is our current best view and it takes account of things like that, the Arco buy down during the quarter, which are sort of episodic but not recurring.
Marc Rowan: But I'm going to use this to make a point, which I've made previously. When you originate new product, you originate product that is protected by surrender charge, market value adjustment, or in the case of PRT is fully locked in. You should, therefore, be willing to have a higher cost of funds for fully protected product because you can invest against it. It gives you longevity. It gives you certainty. We have four different channels and we look at each of the four channels on a regular basis and we try to keep our cost of funds low because we know if we have a low cost of funds, if we're not good investors, we can earn spread. And if we're good investors, we can earn a lot of spread. What's happened in our market is you now have a number of entities who have seen what we have built and are late to the game. The way they intend to get into this business or trying to get into the business is to buy back books of business. Buying a back book of business with degraded surrender charge, integrated market value adjustments in a low rate environment may be sensible, because in a low rate environment, the contract rate is above the rate in the market, therefore you expect the book to behave predictably. But in the market we're in right now, for someone to buy a secondary book of business and pay for a cost of funds in excess of that of retail kind of tells you all you need to know about the quality of the business that people are buying. And I encourage you to push as hard on cost of funds across the board. It ultimately simplifies what is a very complex business. We're in the spread business. Having low cost of funds is really important.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Ben Budish of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ben Budish: Hi. Good morning. And thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask about the old return of the Athene business, it's been below the sort of normalized 11% for several quarters. Anything in particular to call out there? I know we always spend some time trying to triangulate what it might look like and there's many kinds of components to that. Any color on sort of the key drivers over the past year or so. And what do you think might get that back to sort of the normalized expectation going forward? Thanks.
Marc Rowan: Sure. As you know, the old portfolio is made up of 150 different positions, about half of which relates to our origination platforms, about a third -- the remaining quarter is about funds and other I would say hybrid type products. And then the last quarter would be other bespoke and direct investments. Overall, we still look at that portfolio as being, call it, 12% plus the last couple quarters. Given the environment, there's been a little bit of slower appreciation, as you've just seen in the broader market, but really no fundamental concerns there about what's in that. As we've always said, that portfolio will sort of deliver you 8 in a really bad year, 18 in a really good year and 12 to 15 expected. And we see nothing deviating from that.
Operator: Thank you. This brings us to the end of the question-and-answer session. I will turn it back over to Mr. Gunn for closing comments.
Noah Gunn: Great. Thanks for your help this morning, Donna, and thanks again everyone for joining the call. Just a couple of reminders. We would encourage you to participate in Athene's fixed income investor call next Thursday, November 9, and then our origination deep dive that we mentioned on November 14. If you have any questions regarding anything discussed on today's call, as usual, please feel free to reach out to us. Thank you for your time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's event. You may disconnect your line or log off the webcast at this time and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-03 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Management's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. This conference call is being recorded. This call may include forward-looking statements and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to Apollo's most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Apollo will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures during this conference, which management believes are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in Apollo's earnings presentation, which is available on the company's website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Apollo fund. I will now turn the conference over to Noah Gunn, Global Head of Investor Relations.
Noah Gunn: Great Thanks Donna and welcome again everyone to our call. We're really thankful for the opportunity to spend some time with you this morning. Earlier, we published our earnings release and financial supplement on the investor relations portion of our website. Within these documents you'll see that we generated very solid results that included record quarterly fee related earnings of $442 million or $0.74 per share, and record quarterly normalized spread related earnings of $874 million, or $1.47 per share. Together, these two earnings streams totaled $1.3 billion in the second quarter, increasing more than 40% year-over-year, demonstrating the strong, resilient and fully aligned growth characteristics of our asset management and retirement services businesses. Combined with principal investing income and other HoldCo items, we reported normalized adjusted net income of $1.1 billion, or $1.80 per share, up 60% year-over-year. Joining me from our team to discuss our results in further detail are Marc Rowan, CEO, Jim Zelter Co President, and Martin Kelly, CFO. And we've received some feedback from some of you that we should attempt to shorten the length of our prepared remarks. So at the risk of making a false promise, Marc himself has ensured us that we'll be endeavoring to do that today. So with that, I'll turn it over to Marc.
Marc Rowan : Thanks Noah, and we all can wish for certain things and hope that they come through. In any event, as no Noah said it was truly a very, very strong quarter, normalized SRE and FRE of $1.3 billion for the quarter. And we are on track to earn FRE and normalize SRE of ,$5 billion plus minus for the year which Martin will detail. One thing worth calling out is just how exceptionally strong SRE has been. Just to put in context, Athene has now grown or will grow 30% SRE two years in a row, and they actually have hit their 2026 financial target as laid out in our Investor Day some two years ago, in just two years. Not only are they doing an exceptional job, but clearly Jim and Grant and the team have exceptionally sandbagged everyone, and the business continues to be very strong. In addition to financial results, we had record inflows for the quarter on an organic basis, we had some $43 billion of inflows including $8 billion that closed shortly after the quarter end. This closing shortly after quarter end is actually a feature of the alternatives business. Many of our institutional investors prefer to close on the first of the month, and have something in another out -- another quarter from an allocation point of view rather than in the prior month. And for many of our retail High Net Worth Focused Funds, they also close on the first of the month. So I expect that we will be a little more careful and giving guidance quarter by quarter to account for how this business actually operates. From my point of view, and as Martin and we have discussed previously, we generated positive operating leverage and margin expansion this quarter. And we expect this to continue over the next couple of years as we benefit from the investments that we've made in people and facilities and upgrading our business over the past few years. In short, our strategic positioning is excellent. And anchored by three really simple principles. One purchase price matter. The second excess return per unit of risk. That is what we do, and full alignment with our clients, both our institutional and our retail clients. It actually feels pretty good. Having not chased the hot dot during an era of money printing and zero rates. Our opportunity set is just different than that of our peer group. Apollo has momentum. In terms of the business, let me start for the quarter and with the equity business, in the equity business this year has really marked the end of an era. So if I think about what happened over the prior decade, and perhaps longer than a decade, there were these incredible tailwinds in the equity business, tailwinds from money printing, pulling forward of demand, fiscal stimulus, and certainly from zero rates. We now find ourselves in an absence of tailwinds rates are higher, growth is slower. Globalization is in retreat. People will have to go back to investing the old fashioned way. They'll actually have to be very good investors; they will need to produce alpha. I believe that's what we've been doing. Demonstrated by the recent private equity results. The final close for Fund X in mid-July, brought in capital, just around $20 billion over a 12-month marketing period versus continuing to market over an extended timeline. The fund is now closed. Fund IX generated 36% gross IRR, 24% net IRR. In the quarter, just a really interesting time in the private equity business between haves and have nots. Our Arconic and Univar are two very large financings, which certainly came at it time that was challenging for the market both executed better than expected giving us increased confidence in the ability to get transactions we like done. Let me move on from the equity business and talk about the two drivers of the quarter and what I expect to drive the rest of the year. First private credit. As I've said previously, private credit, these are two words that actually mean nothing. Private credit can be investment grade, private credit can be Triple C. Barriers to entry in the private credit business are either quite low, anyone with a fund, and a staff capable of evaluating investments can truly enter the private credit business, or barriers to entry can be extraordinarily high. And building a full ecosystem that allows you to serve the needs of your clients in a very sophisticated way. Think of the difference between a hotdog stand and a Michelin star restaurant, both are in the food business, and both serve food. That is how we think about private credit. And where people are positioned. Financial markets, financial literacy around private credit has actually gotten quite sloppy. What is private credit? Well, if we start in the abstract, everything that is on a bank balance sheet is private credit. But most of the time, market pundits talk about private credit. They're talking about a very small sliver of a private credit universe that's focused on levered lending. Don't get me wrong, we liked the levered lending business. Levered lending is actually a terrific business right now. It will not always be a terrific business. It is a cyclical business with low barriers to entry. But one that at the right point in time, can be very lucrative. What we have tried to build is not a single fund, is not a single opportunity. We've tried to build an ecosystem. By reflect on the past decade, we've invested some $8 billion building 16 origination platforms. There are 4,000 people who work in these platforms, not Apollo employees, who are solely focused every single day on originating private credit. And as you know, much, much if not most of what they do is investment grade. That's important because the investment grade market is at least 8 times larger than the high yield market and 8 times larger than the levered lending market. This is a great time for private credit. This is not a quarter, that's a great time for private credit. This is secular change. Not only do we have higher base rates and regulatory change and change in market dynamics, we are in the beginning of a secular shift in how credit is provided to businesses and a shift that I believe will continue to gather speed. To be successful in this market, you need a recurring supply of unique origination. This quarter we originated some $23 billion with 50% of that from platforms. Jim Zelter will detail some of these transactions. But in addition to the names you would expect that are traditionally associated with private credit, AT&T, Air France and the Novia. Borrowers value, certainty, scale, and speed to execution. In addition to origination, you need an integrated capital markets business. Because after all, we want 25% of everything, and 100% of nothing. Our ACS business led by Craig Farr has done an extraordinary job extending our reach of private credit to clients and to non-clients. In fact, this is among the greatest ways that we introduce the firm to people who are not yet clients of Apollo and show them what we're capable of. This quarter, we raised some $7 billion of capital from third party insurers. And we expect this to gather speed as the market continues to improve. For private credit, particularly investment grade, the way that consumers and businesses borrow is traditionally through the asset backed market. Asset backed is for the most part, private credit. This is a $20 trillion market, and one in which we have been playing for a very, very long time. More than $220 billion of volume to date, better than 200 relationships. We have currently more than $100 billion of AUM associated with ABF, $55 billion of which is third party. Most of what happens for us in ABF is investment grade and it is a key driver of our insurance business for Athene and for our third party insurance clients and increasingly for fixed income replacement for our traditional institutional clients. One of the single most important factors in this market is that we are completely aligned with our client base. We own what they own at the same time at the same price. There is nothing that is more confidence inspiring than alignment. Let me move on from private credit to talk a little bit about the job Athene did in the quarter. Athenes results are in part driven by the ability of Apollo to source attractive investment grade credit, but also by the incredibly talented team that has been building Athene for the past 14 years. Normalized SRE for the quarter was $874 million, and normalized net spread was 166 basis points truly the widest I can remember. $19 billion of organic inflows in the quarter, up more than 50% year-over-year, number one annuity market share. We now have line of sight to more than $60 billion of organic inflows this year. We are leaving by some estimates between $10 billion and $20 billion of annual originations on the table. Truly, we have an opportunity now to be selective, and to build recurring franchises. We made progress this quarter in Japan, through our reinsurance business, and elsewhere in Asia. And I believe the business at Athene is gathering speed. Although, as I've cautioned in prior quarters, as I'm sure Martin will detail, these are truly exceptionally good times. And we are beneficiaries of the large floating rate position that we have carried for more than a decade. Also recall that our business is built at the top of the capital structure on a senior secured basis, and we sleep better at night. Credit experience in the quarter was incredibly benign, less than two basis points, which I'm sure Martin will detail. Surrenders or outflows also came in better than forecast. And if you recall from the chart we've included in this quarter as well as prior quarters as well as the education we've been doing. The primary driver of surrenders is not what happens at any point in time and interest rates. It is the timing of the expiration of programs that we put on three and five years ago, and for the most part is highly predictable. It is difficult to imagine going from startup or new business to where Athene is today. Right now we have not done an inorganic transaction for a number of years. But we are the beneficiary of four very diverse channels, retail, PRT, reinsurance, and funding agreements. All four of those channels are dependent on a stable and high quality credit rating. And having an infrastructure and a scale and an operating expense ratio that allow you to leverage the business. We could not have built the business we have today in organically in a high rate environment. We were fortunate in a low rate environment to have been able to purchase inorganic blocks. At a time when their contract rates were above market rates therefore our risk of surrender was very low. In contrast, in today's market, someone buying an inorganic block is actually buying a block where surrender charges and market value adjustments have degraded and is at much greater risk of a melting ice cube. In short, it is not a stable base on which to build the business and will make it very difficult for people to achieve the kind of scale we have achieved. Recall that we bought in Athene for some $11 billion at acquisition and Athena will earn $3.1 billion plus minus of normalized SRE for the fiscal year. In short, the team is doing an incredible job and distribution and maturation and product has not yet even matured. There is more to come. An effort to keep on time. Let me focus on one last topic, which I know it's been of interest to people, really want to talk about the market environment, particularly the regulatory environment, and the environment as it relates to our banking peers. In short, we have never had such a collaborative dialogue with the banking system. We have gone from not only being a great customer and partner of the banking system to a true collaborator. The shape of our business, particularly our willingness to do very large investment grade transactions, has made us an indispensable partner. And I do mean partner with the banking system. While some talk about the dancing of this being a great time for private credit, I've noticed that there's actually been dancing on both sides both on the bank and the private credit side as most banks put in an extraordinarily good quarter, and are on their way to an extraordinarily good year. We are also very symbiotic. Recall that we want the asset, but do not want what the bank typically wants, which is the customer. The bank wants the customer and typically does not want most of or any of the asset. If I step back, the US financial system is the envy of the world. We raise 50% of the world's capital. And part of the reason we are the envy of the world is the structure of our system. Banks have their role, and the investment marketplace has its role. Our system has all types of participants. But the vast, vast majority of those participants borrow short and invest long or have short term money. Think of an open ended mutual fund, which has daily liquidity, many hedge funds, quarterly liquidity, banks, daily liquidity at least on deposits, the ability to bring institutional investors retirement systems and insurance companies who have long dated liabilities or long dated assets to this market, make them ideal partners for the short dated capital of the banking system and the open ended mutual funds. In short, long term locked in liabilities are a source of stability and somewhat counter cyclical for our financial system. It does not matter whether they are in funds, which are themselves very stable, or they are on retirement services balance sheet. Totality of the market from the investor side does no maturity transformation, has no access to the Fed window, does not benefit from US government guarantee. And in our case, if you look at the Retirement Services balance sheet, we hold more Tier 1 capital and more Tier 2 capital than the vast majority of the top 10 banks in the US. We do cash flow testing and scenario testing and provide a granularity to our portfolio that very few institutions, if any can match. Our balance sheet is much more investment grade than the typical depository institution. In short, our model is highly complementary the banking system, we have never been more collaborative. And I expect this collaboration to increase as regulatory change gathers pace both in the US, Europe, and even the beginnings of regulatory change in Asia. As we're nearing the end of summer, the team is in great shape, and focused on executing the plan. We are sticking with no new toys, the upside from simply executing what's in front of us is incredibly strong. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
Jim Zelter: Thanks, Marc. Marc did a great job outlining our competitive positioning and our vision. And now we'll spend a few minutes translating how some of these important themes are playing throughout our firm with investment environment, our investment performance and fundraising. It's clear to us and like many of you as well, the demand for private credit solutions has risen significantly, as higher cost of capital has reduced the availability of traditional financing sources. We believe we're uniquely positioned to address this need for a few reasons, the scale of our capital resources, the speed of execution and the sophistication and creativity of our investment underwriting. We are continuing to diligently build the largest alternative credit business in the industry. And our success today is attributable to the expansive capabilities, or what we call the Apollo toolbox. From corporate sponsors and everything else in between. We can flexibly serve clients that need capital in a collaborative and bespoke manner. Across Apollo, we are helping healthy and growing companies who are hamstrung by a limited open public market. The second quarter was a prime example of this, a period that started with the fallout from the regional bank crisis and ended with the markets feeling a bit more accommodating. As you might expect, we were particularly active and then deployed nearly $35 billion of capital across our platform during the quarter. Much of this activity was driven by the yield business across our various sourcing channels, including financing solutions to corporates, which we call high grade Alpha. Our origination platforms, as well as more traditional origination through strategies such as large cap direct lending, or leveraged lending, CRE debt and a variety of structured credit CLO origination. In an extremely active quarter, one of the signature financing solutions we provided was for company Wolfspeed, a silicon carbide materials and device manufacturer. We led an investment group that provided a $1.2 billion to $1.25 billion secured note to the company as they undertook a significant growth initiative to meet accelerating demand. In this case, we work with Wolfspeed to structure a non-dilutive and flexible credit solution, which resulted in a unique win-win for the company's debt and equity investors. And another example of capabilities that happened more recently, we partnered with our client and our partner, Air France-KLM, one of the world's leading airlines, following the execution of two successful innovative equity capital transactions with Air France, we announced last week that we've entered into an exclusive discussion to provide a EUR 1.5 billion capital solution through funds we manage and insurance affiliates to Air France-KLMs Flying Blue Loyalty program. Flying Blue is one of Europe's leading loyalty programs, and this transaction would further bolster the company's already strong capital position. We are proud to say that this would be the third of a unique series of capital solutions to aid Air-France KLM, increasing our total capital support to the company to more than EUR 2.5 billion over the last 12 months. Amid our expanding opportunity set to originate investment grade assets, debt origination activity across our 16 platforms remains strong. Notably, the acquisition of Atlas SP Partners, the former CS business, the newest and largest asset backed financing platform in our portfolio is now fully closed with both client and employee retention rates exceeding our expectations. Atlas has been extremely active in the market executing over 30 securitizations since March, and has substantial near term pipeline. Some of the larger, other larger platforms, namely MidCap and Wheels are writing business at attractive spreads, and generating ROEs in the mid to high teens range. While we've been actively deploying capital, we continue to prioritize generating excess return per unit of risk. Investment performance remains strong and consistent in the quarter. Marc touched on the equity business and I'd like to add our direct origination, corporate credit and structured credit strategies, portfolios appreciated 4%, 3% and 2% respectively in the second quarter with each category outperforming indexes we benchmark in the same period. Performance across hybrid strategies also have been solid with hybrid value and our more opportunistic credit strategies, each returning in excess of 4% for the quarter. Through a period of weaker public market performance last year, and some instability in the first half of the year driving strong investment performance over the past year has not been easy. Through that lens, it's worth highlighting a few strategies in particular, ADS, our non-traded BDC we manage, Redding Ridge, our CLO originator or Core Plus, our multi asset opportunistic credit offering and Structured Credit Recovery Fund IV have all outperformed relevant indexes over the last 12 months. Turning our focus to fundraising, we generated a record organic inflow of $35 billion, driven by strong momentum at Athene as well as a third party asset management business. Across third party, we raised $15 billion in this specific quarter, with an additional $8 billion slipping into the first few weeks of this current quarter. The investments we made over the last 24 months to expand into adjacencies and whitespace opportunities, such as secondaries and clean transition, and ones where we believe we have a strategic edge, such as third party insurance and global wealth have begun to pay off. Some of the areas where we've seen recent momentum include third party insurance, where we've developed a comprehensive client coverage network to ensure coordination across all parts of the firm, and establish a curated solution set for this fast growing client type. We think our expertise in managing retirement service balance sheets, on both the asset and liability side is a meaningful differentiator in this market. And we're continuing to be very bullish on the long-term global growth opportunities in this business. Next is our sidecar initiative, where we raised over $4 billion across four sidecars so far this year, and sidecars enable institutional investors to invest alongside various investment strategies, mostly credit related with greater scale and flexibility than they would otherwise achieve in a coming of fund. This type of structure is growing trend and a great way to partner with more sophisticated investors. We have a strong pipeline in the sidecar opportunities across the global institutional investor base for the remainder of 23 supported with a dialogue of over 60 investors. And finally, capital raised from individual investors to continues to be a strategic priority. Through the substantial investment we've made in the new product creation and distribution expansion. We built a diverse global wealth platform by asset class, product structure, distribution channel, and geographic reach, all of which has helped migrate recent market driven headwinds. We're focused on continuing to broaden our retail focused product suite and continue to expect launching one to two products each quarter into 2024. In terms of distribution expansion, we've made some notable progress for Apollo aligned alternatives AAA specifically, which is now offered on five bank platforms, and has additional global US and non-US banks, as well as RIAs and other wealth channels in the second half of the year. We've also seen a monthly inflow into Apollo Debt Solutions. I mentioned our non-traded credit PDC we manage, ramp following the strong investment performance, and this occurred over the last 24 months. All this progress makes us confident in our ability to raise more global wealth capital this year versus last. So ahead of budget. A final note on our Capital Solutions Business, ACS, with fee revenue generation has been strong and stable over the last several quarters. This business which is part of the flywheel is clicking for a variety of reasons, including greater demand for bespoke financing solutions, increasing integration and deployment across activity across the platform, and more organized and effective coverage of a variety of corporate clients. Through the first half of this year, we've syndicated over $6 billion across 100 plus institutional investors and are currently in the market with in excess of 30 transactions. As a bonus, we're reaching many investors who are new to the Apollo franchise through this indication, as many of our syndication partners have never invested in Apollo Fund prior. ACS has really been the integral part of our flywheel. And I want to emphasize one of the Marcs themes from earlier is one of the ways we partner with banks across a broader financial landscape. With that, I'll turn it over to Martin to go through our financial results.
Martin Kelly: Great, thanks, Jim. I'll provide a bit more context on our financial results and outlook before we open it up for questions. So as Marc and Jim have both referenced, our second quarter results completed a very strong first half, and position us well to meet or exceed our 2023 financial targets. We've discussed how this year is one of execution, and you're seeing these efforts materialize in in a meaningful way. In the Asset Management segment, FRE revenues for the first half of the year, increased by 26% over the comparable period, FRE costs by 22% and overall FRE by 29%. The FRE margin increased by over 100 basis points as a consequence. In Retirement Services, Athenes business continues to exceed all our estimates with normalized SRE year-to-date growing in excess of 50% over the comparable period, aided by strong organic growth trends and an expanding net investment spread. Focusing on the second quarter and starting with our asset management business, our record quarterly FRE was anchored by fee related revenue growth of approximately 25% quarter-over-quarter. Within that management fees increased almost 20% and capital solutions fees remained very strong and tracking well ahead of our initial expectations for the full year. Total fee related expenses increased only modestly on a sequential basis, reflecting our commitment to disciplined expense management this year. Following growth in the comp expense line reflects a declining pace of hiring with just over 100 net new Apollo employees added in the first half of the year, some 40% of the headcount growth in the same period last year. The combination of strong revenue growth and decelerating cost growth drove more than 200 basis points of FRE margin expansion quarter-over-quarter, bringing our FRE margin to 55% in the first half of the year. Moving to retirement services, our record normalized SRE of $874 million increased 8% quarter-over-quarter, resulting in 166 basis points of normalized net spread. On a sequential basis, normalized net spread increased by five basis points due to higher falling rate income on the margin deployment spreads and yields on cash balances net of higher new business and financing costs. Earnings accretion from a higher interest rate environment has exceeded our initial projections in the first two quarters of this year. Looking forward, we expect normalized SRE in the second half of the year to approximate the amount we earned in the first half, reflecting four primary components. One, continued strong organic growth at a $60 billion plus annual pace. Two, current interest rate conditions, both interest rate levels and curve shape. Three, ADIP, the strategic third party capital, sidecar capital that we manage, supporting approximately 40% of total Athene inflows this year, including buying down origination from the first half. And four, a transaction with Venerable, which closed in July, with Venerable recaptured approximately $3 billion of older payout annuities. This transaction will be reflected as an outflow in the third quarter and will release capital for deployment into the strong new business environment. In connection with this transaction, we will recognize a benefit within SRE in the order of $50 million, that we will treat as a onetime notable item and exclude from normalized SRE. Corresponding to this SRE profile, we expect to normalize net spread to range between 160 and 165 basis points in the third and fourth quarters. This spread and earnings profile would result in approximately 30% year-over-year growth in normalized SRE in 2023. Assuming the current level and shape of the forward interest rate curve holds, and aid of supports a full pro rata share of Athenes incremental growth. We currently expect normalized SRE growth in 2024 to be in line with our longer term guidance of low double digit annualized growth. As it relates to credit quality, Athene continues to experience a very low level of asset impairments across its portfolio which aligns with its focus and high concentration in senior secured top of the capital structure credit. Since the beginning of 2020, a period that has included COVID-19, the Russia Ukraine war, the regional bank crisis, and a significant move higher in rates, Athene has incurred average annualized impairments of only 11 basis points, including just two basis points annualized in the most recent quarter, which is consistent with its long-term average of nine basis points. Overall, we believe Athenes credit profile remains very strong, and is well positioned to withstand a more difficult credit backdrop, if one were to emerge. In terms of capital allocation, we continue to assess how to best deploy free cash flow on a regular basis based on its highest returning is for shareholders. So far this year, we've allocated more capital towards share repurchases than strategic investments. Given the long term value we see in our stock price, as well as the abundance of organic growth initiatives we've highlighted, which create revenue growth without the need for capital. We've deployed over $230 million of capital towards opportunistic share repurchases in the first half of 2023. In addition to immunizing employees stock issuance, with a resulting reduction in our share count over the past two quarters from 599 to 595 million shares. And lastly, in response to some index eligibility questions we've received, it's worth noting that we reported positive GAAP earnings in the second quarter, as well as cumulatively over the last four quarters. This is the final S&P index eligibility criteria that needs to be satisfied. In terms of market taxonomy, Apollo is included within the Financial Services Industry Group, according to the Global Industry Classification Standard, reflecting our differentiated business mix, this classification places us within geographically unique position relative to our direct alternative asset management peers and underweight sector relative to the total market index. Combined with our leading governance characteristics, shareholder rates, earnings growth and long-term stock outperformance relative to the broader market, we believe that Apollo is well suited to be a core holding within investor portfolios. And with that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question is coming from Glenn Schorr of Evercore ISI.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thanks very much. Just a quickie on the originations. I mean, you have 16 for a reason, and not all of them are going to be clicking at once, but yet a full quarter of Atlas were hanging in the $100 billion of origination range on an annualized basis. What do you think takes us to the 150? Can you do it with the current suite of platforms you have, isn't just an environment thing. Just curious on your thoughts there. Thanks.
Marc Rowan : Thanks Glenn. I think it's a combination of both. I think there is all 16 we are happy with the progress as you know, we really have not leaned into the consumer, we've really leaned into much more of the corporate. I think there's a secular opportunity. But I think the 16 we feel as we integrate them over time consistent risk, reporting, funding, financing, and the holistic approach, we still feel comfortable that the five year objective of the 150 that the 16 in are stable today, we think that they have the organic and secular growth, we don't really feel we need to add a lot more. There may be some consolidation in a few of those for optimization. But we feel very comfortable that we have the strategic lead, and the strategic organization from which to get to our five year goals with what we put together today.
Operator: The next question is coming from Alexander Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: Hey, guys, good morning. Thanks for the question. So the supply of investment opportunities is clearly rising from the banking crisis. We talked a little bit about that last quarter. And clearly there's more evidence of that this quarter, can you talk a little more about the demand for destock of investment strategies specifically for I guess, private investment grade credit, historically, that's largely been taken out by insurance clients, I think Marc, you highlighted that there's an opportunity to extend beyond non-insurance client base. So I was wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on that, and how that informs your go forward third party fundraising strategy? Thanks.
Jim Zelter: Yes, let me take a deep dive. And maybe Marc has a couple comments, Alex. Like as Marc described history, private credit, is a big word big concept. It's been narrowly executed with leveraged lending. When you see what's going on with the banks and the funding crisis, which became then really a profitability challenge. Therere really two large areas of opportunity. One is there are clearly assets that do not belong today on their balance sheet. Look at the dispositions that PacWest made. We did a secured financing, there was literally AAA risk and almost 10%. A few other folks bought portfolios. So the selling of portfolios is one activity, and that will continue over the next several years as they optimize their balance sheets. The larger opportunity is the secular business organization, there are lines of business where they are in, where they have been the day to day originator and purveyor of credit to companies. And those are businesses because their cost of capital change, and has changed, and their liquidity and the regulatory changes that this do not make sense as an operating business. So you have a business sector, which is origination, you have a disposition, we're going to be active in both of those. And there's partnerships that we are in and that will create on both sides of the ledger.
Marc Rowan : And Alex, just to complete the thought, insurance companies have for a very long time been buyers of private placements, but they've done it in a very, very narrow way. If you're in the retirement services business, they are more broadly in the insurance business. And your opportunity set is solely investment grade corporates, you have no competitive edge in the investment landscape, you are looking for a solution. And that solution is beyond what I'll call the traditional private placement market. But the insurance market is growing, it's well acceptance of investment grade private credit. And this is about execution. The other interesting opportunity is we as an industry have basically spent the last 35 years serving the small alternatives bucket of our large institutional clients. We have an opportunity at the investment grade side to serve the fixed income bucket of our large institutional clients. This is in the very early stages. And it's always interesting to go in and see these accounts. First question we asked is a single A rated private credit an alternative? They haven't been confronted with that question today. If they think it's an alternative, they're not right for the opportunity, because then they're comparing it against things that are in 20% rates of return. If they think it is not an alternative, and they think it is just fixed income, then it is offering 200 to 300 basis points above their fixed income. We are in the early days of an education process. And I believe that the market for private investment grade could be as large outside the insurance industry as it is inside the insurance industry.
Operator: The next question is coming from Patrick Davitt of Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: Hi, good morning, everyone. The Q-over-Q change in the kind of retail annuity sales channels, I think worse than many expected, given what we've seen in others in the marketplace. And you mentioned you're leaving some business on the table for various reasons. So do you think this is a share loss issue or there's something else you could point to that explained the divergence with what we've seen from some of the other annuity guys? Thanks.
Marc Rowan : This is a high quality problem, Patrick. We have as I mentioned, four channels. We have the retail channel, we have the PRT channel, we have the reinsurance channel, and we have the funding agreement channel, all of which are organic. And one could also look at reinsurance as being onshore and then offshore given the progress we're making in Japan and Asia. We have therefore made choices about business. We thought we would do substantially more business this year than last year. Recall that last year was some $48 billion of organic inflows, we're now confirming and essentially providing guidance that we will do north of $60 billion. And I believe that we are leaving between $10 billion and $20 billion on the table. But in the context of the budget, that we put out that internally, some $60 billion, we have the luxury of choosing the highest quality business, the right business mix, the right profile of liabilities, and the right net spread. So most of the business that was left on the table in the quarter was I call transactional. Transactional does not mean bad. It just means we elected to do other business versus transactional business. And [MIGAS] is our primarily transactional business. Anytime we want to add MIGAS, we can add MIGAS, we chose not to for the quarter given that we were already doing $19 billion of organic inflows.
Operator: The next question is coming from Michael Brown of KBW.
Michael Brown: Okay, great. So appreciate the updates on the, updated views on the normalized FRE as we look out to 2024. Obviously, the activities have really robust across the platform, I guess, kind of following up on that retail channel question. How do you expect activity to hold up as you get into the kind of rate cutting cycle that the forward curve does expect? I understand that's baked into your guidance today. But is it fair to assume that the demand stays high and then obviously, the Tier 2 business has been picking up and just interested to hear thoughts about how the opportunity there could evolve?
Marc Rowan : Look, it is clear to us that consumers prefer higher rates to lower rates. Consumers have not particularly retirees have not had good options to finance their retirement, now they do, and you're seeing it across the board in the annuity market. To think that annuities are not impacted by interest rates, it's just to ignore the obvious. What's happening to us is actually quite interesting. We are growing in a growing annuity market. But we're also in the midst of growing our distribution. Each of the last few years, we have added immense new distribution banking partners, we will add the largest or second largest provider of annuities in this country. At some point, this, I think we this quarter, and that will not mature till a year from now. And then we have two or three other very large providers coming on. So I do think the overall market share for retail will be impacted by rates if in fact rates go down. That doesn't mean negative or substantially negative, but it will have on the margin be a negative force. Having said that, our distribution is still building so quickly, that I doubt we will see any real decline in retail. More interesting to me, is also the diversity of channels. PRT is gathering speed, high rates or higher rates are really causing all plans who are close to fully funded status to consider derisking. And even those that were inequity are thinking of taking chips off the table given the very shallow rally, let's say in equities. So I expect PRT to be very, very active over the next few years, US and overseas. Japan, as I've mentioned on previous quarters is exactly where we want it to be. It's on track. And I think reinsurance is also going to be a very important part of our business. So in summary, I think we're leaving business on the table this year. And I am optimistic that notwithstanding the forward curve, we will see continued increases in business.
Operator: The next question is coming from Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning, thanks for taking the question. Maybe just circling back to private wealth, I was hoping you could elaborate a bit more on the traction that you're seeing across the products in the private wealth channel, the distribution builds out, as well as how you're thinking about the pipeline of strategies to bring to the market next. Would also be curious, any sort of lessons learned that you take away from some of the earlier products that you had brought it to the private wealth channel?
Jim Zelter: Yes, Michael, let me give you a little bit of a tour. I mean it's been 36 months plus or minus, since we really laid out the objectives. And certainly in terms of products, I think bucketing them into three areas, the existing flagship products that we had, and creating the right types of vehicles and feeders for the large wires and others. Then there was a second obviously creating a variety of yield products, whether private BDC, and private REIT and others, but again, not only for the traditional Global Wealth channels, Morgan Stanley and BVA, et cetera, but also the independent IBD channels, the RIA channels. And then the third big bucket is newer products like our AAA product, which we are very excited with the momentum. So I think we feel we have the product set, not only in the US, but globally. But I think the lessons really are I mean, certainly we want to and we expect and the clients expect strong investment performance, like we've done for 33 years. But the use of technology, the use of education, Apollo Academy, in particular, those are all and the ability to service. Those are all the full service products that our partners are expecting out of us. We see the puck going in Global Wealth having a tremendous impact on our business. It's a big secular trend, it really parallels what we see going on in private credit. And one if you look takes a broad step back around the globe. In terms of demographics, in terms of savers, in terms of vehicles, we think there's a massive amount of whitespace. We have been broadly embraced. The market wants alternatives, for alternatives in providers, as well as products. So I think the early lessons are it's not just about performance, its a, you need to bring all your skills to the marketplace, you cannot underestimate the service needs, the technology needs and the education needs. So it's really a full service effort across our firm and everything we've done we've had to replicate and but huge opportunity globally.
Operator: The next question is coming from Rufus Hone of BMO Capital Markets.
Rufus Hone: Great. Good morning. Thanks very much. Wanted to get your thoughts around the potential longer term outlook for the normalized net spread, you're expecting it to only trend down slightly in the second half of the year. I guess I'm most curious around where exactly you think the net spreads can settle out longer term and whether you can offset potential spread compression with higher percentage of originations from platforms through being more selective around new business, and the backlog running off at low at net spreads, any detail that would be great. Thank you.
Martin Kelly: So Rufus, it's one, we, I guess we just still the spread conversation into normalizes, top line spread, which is 160 basis points plus or minus. And then that falls through after costs and financing and so on. So 115 basis points. And so we've clearly seen some benefit in there from rates as well as higher growth and higher at the margin deployment. We do -- we target business, which at the margin derives, and that's spread in the order of 115 basis points. We have a question, which we're addressing internally now, which is the right exposure? And how do we hedge it which we'll walk through an update on but we look at net spread. And that's what we focus on given the growth profile, and given the contribution from beta. And given where we think we can deploy incremental growth that also combines to SRE dollar guidance number of low double digit, which is what we're focused on next year and thereafter.
Marc Rowan : Next year will also include the full benefit or full detriment depending on your point of, ADIP being fully ramped and taking its full share. So it's more of the business will-- more of the SRE will go to ADIP on a comparable basis in 24 versus 23. And all that is factored into Martin's guidance.
Operator: The next question is coming from Benjamin Budish of Barclays.
Benjamin Budish: Hey, there. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask you mentioned some whitespace opportunities earlier in the prepared remarks. And it's been a hot summer, I'm just thinking about the clean energy transition strategy. And I was wondering if you can kind of give us a refresher of like, where you are, but more importantly, how you think that can evolve over the next say, like 5-10 years as a potential strategy that could really scale in the way that some of your other like major drawdown fund strategies have scaled?
Marc Rowan : Thank you. Thanks for the question. It's Marc, look, we look at this, and we and our peer group and the banking system, quite frankly, we're going to be financing energy transition movements towards sustainability for the rest of our professional careers. The scale of money required, just like nothing else we've ever seen. And so we step back, and we think about what that is, what kind of money, is it equity? Is it debt? Is it hybrid? When we look at the market, most of what we see is debt and hybrid. Our goal is to build the leading financier of energy transition sustainability worldwide. By having put together a perpetual, evergreen fund focused on doing that. In addition, we will raise bespoke drawdown equity funds from time to time. But those will be in my opinion, smaller than the opportunity that we see. We announced either last quarter or at the beginning of the year, that we had made an initial funding and initial capitalization with a few billion dollars of seed capital, that capital is getting deployed quite rapidly. A pipeline is growing. And I expect this vehicle to have the potential to be among the largest vehicles on our platform. But let's get the money invested that we have first, let's show investors that we've done a good job with it. Let's really define the types of opportunities and the return requirements. But I am equally optimistic that there's a great opportunity here but it's a debt and hybrid opportunity primarily.
Operator: The next question is coming from Adam Beatty of UBS.
Adam Beatty: Thank you. And good morning. Nice to deal with yellow and wanted to broaden that out into maybe potential opportunity in restructuring and distressed assets in situations. Which seems like it could be a sweet spot for Apollo. Firstly, in terms of the backdrop, so far, the level of corporate distress has been maybe a little bit more benign than folks expected. So wondering what you're seeing and kind of the near term outlook for that. And then maybe some details on how Apollo was positioned and how much you might want to lean into that opportunity. Thank you.
Jim Zelter: Well, I mean, I would start up I say we agree, we, it's been the credit markets have been, overall benign. And when we see where the economy is going in terms of cost of capital, our view is you are going to see more companies having a bit of a challenge in 24 and 25, especially with the maturity wall. But as we've talked about, in this call so much of our business right now, the lion's share of our business vast majority is to investment grade counterparties. And we feel very good about the health and robust nature of those companies. Certainly we have roots in history, in our hybrid and our equity business of doing things is the market in terms more challenging. We expect to be at the top of the heap and doing that but in a measured thoughtful way, like we've done for 30 years. Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Gunn for closing comment.
Noah Gunn: Thanks very much for your help this morning, Danna. And thanks to everyone else for joining and your continued interest in our business. If you have any follow up questions regarding anything discussed on today's call, please feel free to reach out to us and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Enjoy the rest of your summer.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast at this time. And enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-09 11:50:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Management's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. This call may contain forward-looking statements and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to Apollo's most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Apollo will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures during this conference, which management believes are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in Apollo's earnings presentation, which is available on the company's website.  Please also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Apollo fund.  I will now turn the conference over to Noah Gunn, Global Head of Investor Relations.
Noah Gunn: Great. Thanks, Donna, and welcome again, everyone, to our call this morning. Earlier, we published our earnings release and financial supplement on the Investor Relations portion of our website.  First quarter results were strong and outperformed on a number of fronts, which we believe few others can say amid this backdrop of market volatility. We'll discuss further over the course of the call, but it's quite apparent that our purchase price matters approach is shining, allowing us to be very front-footed in executing our strategic objectives.  The proof is in the numbers. We reported record quarterly FRE of $397 million or $0.67 per share and normalized SRE of $811 million or $1.36 per share which together increased a remarkable 45% year-over-year. This powerful combination of fee and spread-related earnings, coupled with principal investing income, drove normalized adjusted net income of $942 or $1.58 per share in the first quarter, up 18% year-over-year, which is indicative of the type of consistent, compound earnings growth we believe we can deliver to our shareholders.  Joining me this morning to discuss our results in further detail are Marc Rowan, CEO; Scott Kleinman, Co-President; and Martin Kelly, CFO. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Rowan: Thank you, Noah, and good morning to all. Noah started down the path that I'd like to pick up on and really talk about the two different bets we have made versus our industry.  The first is an investment style bet. If you look across our $600 billion of AUM, you never have to worry about what strategy we're following. Every strategy is purchase price matters. Purchase price matters is grounded in facts, it's grounded in cash flow, it's grounded in business prospects.  In the equity business, which Scott will talk about, it manifests itself in a maniacal focus on low purchase price for the quality of business that we are buying. In the credit market, it manifests itself at being top of the capital structure senior secured and floating rate.  If I tick through just this quarter's results and how purchase price matters plays into this amid this market dislocation and volatility, in our credit business, corporate credit, up 3%; structured credit, up 3%; direct origination, up 5%. I hosted a webcast earlier this month for ADS and Earl Hunt, 98% of the book senior secured, floating rate, originated in '22 and in '23, great years in which to originate.  If I turn to our equity business. Private equity, up 5%; European nonperforming loans through EPF, up 2%. Literally, across the board against a backdrop of instability, purchase price matters has paid off. It is really hard not to chase the hot dot of momentum and liquidity, especially when it goes on for so long against a backdrop of money printing, but that, in fact, is what we did and why we are where we are today.  The second bet I'd like to talk about goes back to our Investor Day in October 2021. We told you at the time that we were going to make a different bet than almost everyone else in our industry. And if you look across our industry, some have bet on real estate equity, some have bet on infrastructure, some have bet on subordinated debt in BDCs, some have bet on growth.  None of these in and of themselves are bad strategies. And in fact, some of our competitors execute against these strategies quite well. But these are not our strategies. The bet we told you at the time that we were making, if you looked at the vast majority of our AUM growth was on fixed income replacement. Think of that as private investment grade.  We made a really big push into private IG. Difference in private credit is how not is how private credit is normally talked about, which normally means levered loans and below investment grade. We are the investment-grade version. This quarter, our yield AUM was some $440 billion. And while that sounds quite large, and it is the largest of the private credit businesses, this is against the backdrop of a $40 trillion market that we estimate that we would otherwise be looking at. We are simply not significant in the market. And this is the best news. We are large, but not significant. That's a position I like to work from.  Think about who we compete with and who we don't compete with. The press likes to frame private credit as an enemy of the banking system. In fact, if we think about our businesses and how we've positioned our private IG franchise, we want what the banks don't want and vice versa. So let me articulate that very clearly because I think it is important that it come out.  At the end of the day, we want the asset. We actually don't want the client because we are not prepared to cross-sell the client anything. We can't sell them equity, we can't sell them M&A, we can't sell them FX, derivatives, hedging, payments or credit cards. Ironically, for much of the banking system, the banking system wants the client, but not the asset, particularly in a world of market stress, where many banks, particularly regional banks are rethinking their strategy. I like where we sit in the food chain, I like what we're focused on, and I believe we are very well positioned.  In a time of market instability against a backdrop of a good entry point for credit at higher rates, the world is looking for safe yield. Insurance companies, including our own insurance company, Athene and Athora need safe yield. Competitive insurance companies need safe yield. Japanese banks need safe yield. Pension funds, endowments, sovereign wealth funds need safe yield. Safe yield is, as I suggested, a potential replacement for fixed income, particularly publicly traded IG. Again, I like the hand we're playing and I like the bet we've made.  If I turn now to the two businesses. We told you for asset management that 2023 was going to be a year of execution and a recognition and achieving of all of the investments that we have made in prior years.  In addition, we projected that we would grow some 25% year-over-year in FRE. I believe we will meet that metric. We are well on our track to doing it. We experienced $57 billion of inflows in the quarter, and we're on track to far surpass last year's $130 billion. I would expect a record or as like says near record of asset management fundraising in Q2. I believe purchase price matters resonates now more than ever, and I expect a very strong year.  Equally interesting is capital deployment. Those who have followed closely over the past few weeks will see just how active we've been in the buyout business, a place we've had not had tremendous amounts of activity during the run-up in purchase price. Scott will walk you through the market activity. We have been equally busy in credit as this is a perfect entry point for what we do in private IG.  An important part of our growth today, and in fact, as I've said previously, a limiter of our growth is our capacity to originate assets that offer excess return per unit of risk. We do this both directly in terms of direct lending but we also do it via platforms. Think of platforms as businesses whose only business is the production of credit. Today, we have 16 platforms. Three of the largest are Midcap, Wheels and Atlas.  Just to give you a feel for how business is progressing. MidCap did $3.5 billion of originations year-to-date. Normally, MidCap would produce about a 14% ROE. For the most recent period of time, MidCap's ROE approaches 17%.  Wheels, which is our fleet lessor, has experienced no credit losses since the acquisition of Donlen. Again, wheels would normally produce about a 13% to 15% ROE. In the most recent period of time, Wheels ROE is approaching 19%.  Atlas integration well underway, I appreciate whoever wrote Atlas hugs versus Atlas shrugs. And in fact, I think the timing for the purchase of Atlas could not have been better. What is better than being a lender to other lenders during a time of market stress from a position of secured IG top of the capital structure, floating rate with wide spreads. We have a tremendous amount of work to do there, but we are very excited about what we've seen today.  In short, the origination business is better because of the market stress. We are filling in where the market now is suffering certain lapses, and we are earning higher spread. We are able to underwrite with a negative credit mindset. We are able to protect the downside, most of what we're doing is top of the capital structured floating rate and senior secured.  Let me turn a bit to our Capital Solutions business. In prior quarters, I've given you a little bit of our philosophy. We want generally in capital solutions, particularly in our debt business 25% of everything and 100% of nothing. As we have become an increasingly large originator and an increasingly diverse originator, this business is becoming a recurring business. The vast majority of this business and the growth I expect in the future will be around this philosophy of we want 25% of everything and 100% of nothing. We are becoming people's favorite stop to fill out what they need in terms of yield in their IG book without compromising credit during a period of market stress and concerned about the economic future.  Save the best for last, retirement services and Athene. 2022 was the best year in Athene's history, record inflows in earnings. 2023, I expect to be better and has started off even stronger. Every metric worked in Q1. Normalized spread of 160 basis points, new business priced very attractively, leading market share, very strong sidecar capital formation, which we will update you as we have further closings.  In short, inflows were $12 billion in the first quarter, roughly about the same as 2022. And I see this a little bit as the golden age of annuities. Consumers simply prefer 5% to 2%. It's not more complicated than that.  We built and have continued to build our international insurance relationships. We now have three significant reinsurance relationships in the Japanese market, and I expect that to be five before year-end. I expect that we will generate some $5 billion a year annually of flow reinsurance from this market. And I expect this year in terms of flow reinsurance to be the single best year in our history, somewhere between $9 billion and $10 billion of flow.  Pension activity and pension buyout activity with higher rates is ramping. We recently announced an $8 billion solution for a blue chip client, and I expect second quarter inflows at Athene to be north of $17 billion. In short, we're on track to exceed last year's record annual inflows of $48 billion.  For the quarter, normalized spread was $811 million. This was, as we've said internally a bit of a goldilock scenario. Spreads were wider than expected, rates were higher than expected. We kept more business in-house, meaning that we did not give as much to the sidecar. That will correct itself in the second half of the year but will result in higher earnings for the year.  Atlas was a net positive. In short, it all worked. In addition, as I'm sure Martin will walk through, conservative reserving methodology led to positive LDTI adjustments.  I think as we step back, we should not multiply $811 million by 4. But relative to the 20% growth in SRE that we had projected at year-end, I would expect us to have upside to that target. That is even holding some $12.7 billion of cash at [indiscernible]. We positioned ourselves defensively. We positioned ourselves to take advantage of widespread, and now we are taking advantage of widespread. When your book is in good shape, you are able to take advantage of opportunities offered in the marketplace.  Before I turn it over to Scott, and I'm anxious to turn it over to Scott because he has lots to say, I thought I would spend a minute on surrenders. Given the activity we've seen in the banking sector, we've received lots of questions about how this impacts or, in fact, does not impact the retirement services industry. Let me start with the punch line, this does not impact the retirement services industry. People who own annuities are saving for retirement. This is not money they think is accessible. When they do surrender or move it, they're typically moving to another policy. Otherwise, they incur tax burden and tax efficiency.  Finally, from our point of view, we run our book and we invest against long-term locked-in liabilities. 80% of our portfolio is nonsurrenderable or is protected by market value adjustments and surrender charges. This is not the first time we've confronted these issues. We've been doing this for a long time.  In the materials that we put out this morning, I asked the team to put out a table that really goes through the four different types of outflows that we experienced in terms of our book. The first, and I'm referring to a table that is in the materials, the first is what we call maturity driven or contractual outflows. This is exactly what you -- what it sounds like.  We enter into an FABN, it has a maturity. We originate a MIGA, it has a maturity. Those numbers are fully predictable, and you will see them from quarter-over-quarter. And I know when Athene does its deep dive call, you will see not just what has happened, but you will see Athene's projection for the next few quarters.  The next few categories, what I'll call, policy-driven outflows or policyholder driven outflows, the largest of which is income-oriented withdrawals. Recall that for retirees, when they get to a certain age, they are required to take minimum amounts out of their policies. Those minimum amounts of their policies are, in fact, what come out on a planned and on a budgeted basis. We then are left with two other types of withdrawals, from those out of surrender charge where we would expect to see more withdrawals, and for those in surrender charge where we would expect to see very few withdrawals. In fact, that is what we are experiencing.  If I look at the weeks surrounding Silicon Valley Bank and the run on Silicon Valley Bank, I compare call center volume, surrender activity or any other form of activity, simply no change. This business continues to be very, very predictable. We are matched in terms of duration, we are matched in terms of interest rates. And it gives us the confidence to invest against these liabilities and earn spread, which we then lock in for long periods of time.  In short, 2023 for us is a year of execution and one where I believe both the strategy of focusing on fixed income replacement and the investment dynamic of purchase price matters will pay off.  For us, there is so much upside for executing the base business plan but the simple shorthand for what we intend to do in 2023 is no new toys. The bar is extremely high to do something new given the opportunity in front of us. The three original growth drivers origination, capital solutions and global wealth are well on track. Scott will detail the next 6. We're driving toward operating leverage this year. It is a key point of our focus. It occupies a lot of our mind share. We achieved a little of it this quarter, but there's more to come.  Today, we end the year or we end the quarter at $600 billion of AUM, $500 billion of that in yield and hybrid. Team is in great shape, momentum is good.  And with that, I'd like to pass it to Scott.
Scott Kleinman: Thanks, Marc. This is certainly an exciting time to be in our business. As you can see from our results, purchase price matters is succeeding in this environment as demonstrated by strong investment performance in several strategies including flagship private equity, direct origination and opportunistic credit portfolios. We believe we're one of the few firms who can play offense in these periods of uncertainty, which was quite clear by the level of deployment activity in the first quarter. We signed four private equity deals since our last earnings call, and our current pipeline of opportunities is about 3x a year ago and growing. We announced the first acquisition from our latest flagship fund just last fall. And since then, Fund X has invested or committed approximately $6 billion of capital.  The strength of our relationships and ability to structure complex financing solutions are really what set us apart when traditional funding sources are limited. For example, in the wake of market turmoil surrounding bank failures in March, we announced an $8 billion acquisition of chemical company Univar Solutions, an industry vertical in which we have long-standing expertise. And just last week, we announced the $5 billion acquisition of aluminum products manufacturer Arconic by our private equity funds.  Our hybrid business is also thriving in this backdrop of higher rates, earnings pressure and lack of appetite for bank-led syndicated credit. With corporates focused on deleveraging in the face of upcoming debt maturities and sponsors seeking exit alternatives amid tepid IPO markets, we're seeing increased demand for private market solutions via structured equity and credit. Accordingly, our investment pipeline for hybrid value is robust and we expect the deployment environment to remain attractive for quite some time.  With the dislocation we've seen in the banking sector over the past couple of months, we've been leaning into a wide range of investing opportunities across private credit platforms. We believe the breadth of our platform and the depth of our expertise puts us in a unique position to provide creative, flexible capital solutions to a range of borrowers, especially to those that may not be as widely serviced by traditional lenders.  We're able to generate a low double-digit yield for first lien debt backed by good collateral. As a recent example, we agreed to invest EUR 1 billion in a portfolio of high-quality assets controlled by Vonovia, a leading global residential real estate company, which provided a long-term cost-effective solution for the company.  Inclusive of this investment, we've originated over $18 billion of high-grade alpha transactions since the start of 2022. The pipeline of these types of high-quality attractive investments is already significant today. And longer term, we think the opportunity to gain market share is even greater and spans an even wider range of asset classes from corporate lending to all sorts of asset-backed finance.  As it relates to fundraising trends, the long-term secular tailwinds driving growth in allocations to private markets remain intact, and momentum across our platform is strong. While recent market disruption has caused some observable shifts in market behavior, particularly with U.S. and European institutional investors. Investors based in the Middle East and Asia actually turned up their focus and seem to have viewed it as an opportune time to allocate capital. Individual investors were also quite level-headed and we saw no material increase in redemptions from global wealth offerings and a steady build in new capital in the first quarter.  On the product level, fundraising trends in traditional private equity are still facing some headwinds, but with a total of approximately 30 commingled and perpetual capital vehicles expected to be in market this year. We still feel confident in our ability to raise more capital than we did in 2022. We expect second quarter inflows to be particularly robust given the line of sight we have to several sizable mandates and fund closes in the near-term pipeline as Marc mentioned.  On Fund X specifically, we've received total commitments of approximately $16 billion through the end of March. Throughout the marketing process, we've experienced solid demand from repeat investors off the back of very strong Fund IX performance, which appreciated 23% in 2022 and 8% in the first quarter.  Looking forward, we have a great queue of investors in the final stages of documentation and currently expect total commitments to be in the low $20 billion range with a final close expected over summer. The amount of capital positions us with one of the largest funds in the industry and with the flexibility to lean into a range of interesting opportunities in today's markets.  We're also making meaningful progress on the six additional growth initiatives we highlighted in February. These six areas: AAA, Athene Altitude, third-party insurance, sidecars, clean transition and sponsor and secondary solutions position us to take -- tackle huge white space opportunities. These initiatives are natural extensions of our three key growth pillars and therefore, play to our strengths including complex product structuring, proprietary asset origination and, of course, generating excess return per unit of risk. As these businesses scale over the next few years, we expect our third-party fundraising will grow in size, diversity and consistency.  Here are some highlights. For AAA, an innovative core equity replacement vehicle, we're continuing to broaden distribution to both institutional and global wealth clients. In addition to the 40-plus approvals in place with independent distributors, we have a handful of new wirehouse and bank relationships geared to come online in the coming months, and conversations with family offices are also ramping up.  Just last week, we announced the launch of a Luxembourg-based product platform that provides individual investors in Europe, Asia and Latin America, access to two investment strategies, including AAA in their local currency with lower investment minimums than traditional alternative product offerings. The proposition of equity-like returns with downside protection is proving especially attractive in this highly volatile public market backdrop, and we remain very bullish on the long-term outlook for this fund.  For Athene Altitude, an innovative tax-deferred annuity wrap product, we've received positive initial feedback from several retail distribution partners. We have a few firms in late stages of due diligence and expect to launch the product more broadly in the coming months.  Within clean transition, we recently announced the launch of Apollo Clean Transition Capital or ACT Capital, with $4 billion to deploy into yield and hybrid investments in support of corporate transition to clean energy.  Meaningful seed investment from a strategic partner and our aligned pools of capital should enable us to build a diversified portfolio and investment track record from which we can eventually raise additional third-party capital. We also expect to launch the Apollo Clean Transition private equity strategy in the third quarter, which will continue to expand the scope and scale of our activity in the sustainable investing area.  And lastly, we began raising third-party capital for our inaugural equity secondaries vehicle in the second quarter, which is part of our sponsor and secondary solutions, or S3 business. As a reminder, we began investing for this strategy last fall with a chunk of seed capital from long-term strategic -- from a long-term strategic partner and AAA to help anchor the broader fundraise. Deployment activity has been strong since then, and the vehicle has committed over $1 billion of capital in transactions led by S3.  Combined with our three strategic growth pillars, these next six initiatives provide significant runway for growth. We look forward to providing updates as these exciting initiatives develop.  So with that, I'll turn the call over to Martin to go through our financial results in more detail.
Martin Kelly: Great. Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. So our asset management and retirement services businesses clearly continue to create recurring and growing income streams that demonstrate stability through significant market disruptions like we saw in the first quarter.  Almost 60% of our assets under management is comprised of perpetual capital, with the remaining concentrated in long-term locked-up structures. And the funding source for our retirement services businesses, as Marc highlighted, is highly persistent with predictable long-term liabilities.  In , this creates a very resilient earnings profile particularly when considering pressures on the broader financial sector. Within our asset management Business, first quarter FRE increased by 28% year-over-year, driven by strong growth in both management fees and capital solutions fees. These increases reflect the approximate of asset management inflows over the last 12 months as well as the broadening of our capital solutions capabilities as several of the substantial growth investments we've made over the past couple of years are translating into top line revenue.  Fee-generating inflows in the first quarter included $20 billion related to an investment management agreement with Atlas, for which we'll earn a 10 basis point fee. Fee-related expenses grew by 20% -- 26% year-over-year and 3% quarter-over-quarter. After several years of investment in our platform, the pace of headcount growth and the rate of increase in noncompensation costs will decelerate materially in 2023, making 2022 an inflection point for FRE cost growth. Altogether, as Marc suggested, we expect to deliver some operating leverage this year while targeting 25% FRE growth.  Moving to retirement services. Athene's performance to begin the year was stellar and exceeded our expectations. Part of the outperformance reflects a more favorable investing environment while part reflects more episodic gains or timing benefits. We reported normalized net spread of approximately 160 basis points in the first quarter, the highest level the business has seen in a decade. In the first part of the year, the investing environment was very attractive and we're able to deploy incoming flows at higher on the margin yields than we anticipated.  The weighted average yield on total fixed income purchases exceeded the BBB corporate bond index by more than 150 basis points in the first quarter versus only approximately 25 basis points in all of 2022. The higher rate environment also drove net spread accretion from Athene's floating rate position and cash holdings.  Episodic or timing benefits in the quarter included fees related to financing arrangements for the Atlas transaction and some elevated fees related to certain fixed rate loans, SRE benefits in advance of the second vintage of strategic third-party sidecar capital, assuming its proportionate share of inflows from the first half of 2023 early in Q3, and we continue to expect sidecar capital to support approximately 40% of total Athene inflows this year in aggregate.  And then lastly, we expect an approximate $3 billion outflow in the third quarter related to the recapture of some older annuity liabilities by one of our affiliated partners. This will free up capital for Athene to redeploy in attractive investing environment while providing portfolio diversification for our affiliated partner, similar to the Catalina transaction in the fourth quarter of last year.  Due to the new insurance accounting standard commonly referred to as LDTI, last week, Athene recast SRE results for 2022. These new requirements drove a favorable impact to normalized SRE of $220 million in 2022, which was entirely reflected within cost of funds and translates to 12 basis points of normalized net spread benefit. We expect this benefit to persist in 2023 and the years beyond, although at an approximate 10 basis point in normalized spread terms. This effectively increases our normalized net spread target for 2023 from 135 to 140 basis points, up by 10 basis points to 145 to 150.  In addition, there are a few other moving pieces that should impact the outlook for SRE this year. First, given the deployment opportunities we're seeing in the market today, we do expect to put new money to work at better yields than we had originally forecast. And then -- but on the other hand, as Marc described, we prudently increased Athene's cash balance this quarter to provide an extra layer of stability amid heightened market volatility in March.  Normalizing for the benefit of LDTI, considering an improved deployment backlog with offsets from higher cash balances, we expect normalized SRE to slightly exceed $3 billion this year, with an estimated normalized net spread range of 150 to 155 basis points.  Let me spend a moment on capital allocation. We expect our free cash flow to be utilized to fund the base dividend, return incremental capital to shareholders through opportunistic buybacks and dividend increases and to invest in strategic growth. In any given quarter or year, we determine how to best allocate capital based on its highest returning use.  We use the following framework in making this determination. For the dividend, we aim to generate a yield in line with or better than the S&P 500, which is currently yielding approximately 2% today versus 2.8%. For opportunistic share repurchases, we target at least a high teens IRR over the medium term and that's signaling closer to 20% at current trading multiples. For strategic growth investments, we underwrite a target return equal to or better than opportunistic share repurchases with the potential for strategic upside benefits.  And all of these HoldCo capital users are weighed against growing Athene. Even without using any third-party sidecar capital from ADIP growing Athene is very compelling as it's generating an estimated low 20% pretax ROE today. This return profile is further enhanced with increasing utilization of ADIP.  In the first quarter specifically, we deployed $160 million of capital for opportunistic share repurchases, and our current orientation is to spend less on strategic investments given the large number of organic growth initiatives under development and the high bar in which we are using to consider these new opportunities. As we communicated last quarter, we expect to be a buyer of our stock on a more consistent basis as we move through our 5-year plan.  In conclusion, our financial results in the first quarter positioned us very well to execute on our strategic and financial goals for the year. We're busier than ever, we're highly focused on the significant opportunity in front of us. And with that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today is coming from Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: So Marc, maybe we could start with the current environment. Apollo clearly built a really broad set of origination capabilities. We talked about that a bunch in the past, but the dislocation in the regional bank space is amplifying and amplifying really the supply-demand imbalance against that we see in the market.  So given that backdrop, maybe spend a minute on areas you expect to be more active in among the existing platforms. Are there any new asset classes in a way that you could further lean into? And then maybe talk a little bit about third-party fundraising that could get accelerated by what's going on in the credit space, call it, over the next 12 months.
Marc Rowan: Okay. We are, as you know, broadly focused on scaling our private credit business. Our private credit business is different than most other private credit businesses in that the majority, and the vast majority of it is fixed income replacement or private investment grade. This fits very well with the space that is currently in retrenchment by the banking system because the banking system historically was not a risk taker. They were an accommodation, top of the capital structure senior secured. We, in fact, are top of the capital structure, senior secured and floating rate.  If I step back, de-banking has already been happening across our country. Following Dodd-Frank, which essentially encouraged the development of bank replacement by investors, banks, we estimate are less than 20% of all debt capital in U.S. capital markets. Given what's happened in regional banking, I expect that to become more of an investor marketplace.  The way the U.S. banks today in the investment marketplace is indirectly through securitization. If you look at growth in CLO, growth in ABS, growth in other forms of securitization, you're seeing essentially how America banks today. Atlas, the Credit Suisse Securitized Products group, along with Redding Ridge, along with MidCap, along with the Wheels, Donlen and the other platforms we have built are all focused on this marketplace.  I would expect, Alex, that you will see a tremendous tick up in securitized product relative to traditional direct lending, and it's a space that I believe has a lot of white space and where we are incredibly well positioned. And I would expect in later quarters that we will see fundraising develop around this. Investors, particularly those who have essentially invested in the first round of private credit are meaningfully underexposed to structured product and don't have great ways to have access to it. So I think this is actually a really interesting time for the platform and one in which we're well positioned.
Operator: The next question is coming from Patrick Davitt of Autonomous.
Patrick Davitt: On that point, do you have any kind of updated thoughts on how much annual origination capacity you think will come online with Atlas? And through that lens, as we look to your doing -- third-party insurance business, is there any risk that it will be harder for you to build that part of the business out as insurance companies might see Athene as too big a competitor?
Marc Rowan: So Atlas -- it's hard to say on Atlas. Atlas had been a $70 billion book of business that I view as turning annually or every 1.5 years. At the time of acquisition, we purchased roughly a $40 billion book of business. And so I would expect you should see somewhere $30 billion, $40 billion of annual originations.  We had, prior to Atlas had originations running at close to $100 billion. As you know, our 5-year target is $150 billion of annual originations, and I believe certainly with Atlas, but also with the growth of the platform and what's happening with banking generally, I would expect that we would exceed that $150 billion of annual originations well before the date that we had projected.  With respect to the competitive nature of our business, we really do honor this 25% of everything and 100% of nothing philosophy. Some of the people you would perceive as Athene's largest competitors are actually our partners in these origination platforms. Not only do we not want 100% of any transaction, we actually are prepared to share the means of origination with people who you would have sensibly view as our competitors.  If I step back and again, think about our business, more than $500 billion of our $600 billion of AUM is partner capital where we're essentially working with the marketplace. Yes, private equity and transaction-based businesses are somewhat zero-sum, someone wins and someone loses. But for the vast majority of business, if you are our competitor, either an asset management or insurance, and you want to build, for instance, a CLO business in competition with Apollo CLO business, not only we will give you equity, we'll give you warehouse. We'll warehouse collateral for you. We'll buy your liabilities and we'll put you in business. If you want to start a broker-dealer in competition with our capital solutions business, we'll fund your broker-dealer. We are simply not in competition with any one company.  We are in a market where we are $440 billion of AUM, which sounds really large, but I assure you that the CEOs of the four big banks in the U.S. do not wake up every day wondering what the mighty Apollo is doing. We are fortunate to be really large, but at the same time, in a vast sea where we are not yet a relevant player.
Operator: The next question is coming from Glenn Schorr of Evercore ISI.
Glenn Schorr: So I'm curious, you're in the business of capturing spread, obviously, but I'm curious if you think you benefited as much as you thought you'd benefit from this big move up in rates? And the flip side of that is, how are you thinking about what to do with the portfolios and your investment in your deployment as the forward curve is now expecting some rate cuts along the way? Just curious on how you're pivoting as we might be pivoting on the rate cut side.
Marc Rowan: Okay. Thanks, Glenn, it's Marc. So first, rates in and of themselves do not fundamentally alter the shape of the business. They alter the attractiveness of the product, as I've said, because consumers prefer higher rates to lower rates. But in terms of our business model, our cost of funds pretty much adjusts with the opportunities available in the marketplace, absent unusual events like in the first quarter, where we earned excess spread. So rate moves don't really affect spread in and of themselves.  We have had the luxury because we earned adequate spread on prior books of business of holding a large floating rate position. And I'll come back to this because it's important to know that. The floating rate position did exactly what it was supposed to do. It provided excess earnings during a period of low rates moving to higher rates. You should assume that we have maintained, but normalized, the floating rate position at Athene, reflecting the current market environment.  The important thing, I think, and you didn't ask the question, but I think it's important to understand our business. When we were building Athene, we built scale inorganically by buying books of business. When rates are low, buying blocks of business is actually just fine because the business that's on the books is generally has high guarantees in a low rate environment. When you buy a block of business, it's generally outside or near the end of its surrender charge and market value adjustment period. And so you take a big risk doing inorganic deals, unless there's a huge differential between the rate environment and the guarantee and the policy. We were -- spreads were so wide when we were building that business that we could actually afford to hedge that risk through floating rate.  What's happening today, we haven't done an inorganic deal in about 3 years. The cost of inorganic deals, given the competition in the marketplace exceeds meaningfully the cost of funds with newly issued, newly protected surrender charges and market value adjustments. What we are seeing today is the last desperate attempt of people in our industry trying to build scale. Think about what's happening, all the concerns that investors have about surrenders and policyholder behavior, someone who buys a block of business today, is buying generally old surrender charges, old market value adjustments that are burning off, and they're buying into a rate environment that is high where consumers have alternatives. So you would not expect to be able to hedge that block in a meaningful way.  So I view this as kind of the interesting thing in our industry. I think it's going to be very hard to get to scale in this rate environment, absent a meaningful organic origination engine because you simply do not want to invest or put capital behind policies that are not protected by surrender charges, market value adjustments or other contractual or economic incentives.
Operator: The next question is coming from Rufus Hone of BMO Capital Markets.
Rufus Hone: I was hoping you could spend a moment on the ramp of AAA and maybe give us your thoughts on what you think the run rate inflows could be for that product around year-end. And was also curious on Athene Altitude and the potential there for tax advantage products. Specifically, I suppose, what products can you house within one of these VA wrappers and what limitations are there? Because seems to me like a no-brainer to defer your taxes, if it's possible.
Scott Kleinman: Sure. I'll start with the AAA question. So as I mentioned in my comments, we are really starting to hit the sweet spot of adding distribution partners to the AAA offering. To your question of where this could be on a retail basis, we could be approaching $0.5 billion to $1 billion a quarter, I think, by the end of the year. Retail plus one of the surprises we found is that this is more attractive to certain institutional investors than we would have expected when we created the product and that, of course, is a little bit lumpier, but we're starting to see real progress on that.  So in due course, we've said in the past, this could very well be Apollo's largest product. And I do really believe that over the next few years, this could be a product, $20 billion, $30-plus billion.
Marc Rowan: Maybe I'll hit Athene Altitude. So we've articulated previously, and I certainly have been quoted publicly stating that over the next 5 years, I expect that high net worth investors will be better than 50% allocated to alternatives. That always elicits certainly a look because it is not where the people are today. But I start with a definition of an alternative.  To us, as an alternative is nothing other than an alternative to publicly traded stocks and bonds. And I believe alternatives go from AA to equity. So when I say 50% allocated to alternatives, I do not believe they will be allocated to private equity or venture capital or risk but to alternatives in the newer definition that I've suggested.  Today, you can buy from Apollo investment-grade only yield. You can buy total return, you can buy opportunistic credit, you can buy REIT, you can buy BDC, you can buy our credit strategies head fund and you can buy AAA, all wrapped in an Altitude annuity for an excess cost of 30 basis points with no further restrictions.  We, as an industry, are in the early stages of addressing the needs of high net worth and retail investors versus institutions. One of the key differences is institutions are not taxpayers. They generally are pension funds or endowments or other types of tax exempts. So our industry has not historically been as tax sensitive. So if you think of the experience of a BDC investor in a high-tax state, an 8% dividend yield looks like 3.8% to the consumer. That's not as attractive as .  But we are in an education phase and the whole growth of alternatives is about education. And retail investors and their financial advisers first need to understand the products. And they are getting an education in products, and we are doing our part and other firms in the industry are responsibly doing their part. This next layer of Altitude and wrapping is yet another bit of education. So we are selling this product today mostly to high net worth individuals and family offices, and this product will get increased amounts of traction as Martin or Scott in their remarks suggested.  I believe we will have our first broad distribution of this at some point this year. And you should expect us, as new products come online, we will continue to build out the family of products under the Altitude brand.
Operator: The next question is coming from Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Just a question on the retirement services business. You mentioned an increase in cash balances, adding an extra layer of stability. How meaningful is that? And what do you see in the marketplace? And when you look at your outflow profile that's leading you to do that, we saw an 11% outflow rate in the quarter. So I guess a question there, how do you expect that to trend over the next couple of years and you mentioned a recapture of some older annuities coming up in the third quarter? What's the expectation to see more of those following Catalina that we saw last year?
Marc Rowan: So it's Marc. On a normalized basis, we hold about 12 -- excuse me, $6 billion, $6.5 billion of cash. So this is about $6 billion of extra cash. For those of you I've seen in person or have attended a call with, I remember in the early days of the banking crisis, calling out to Jim Belardi and asking him to give me the benefit of some leeway. I was going to ask him to do something that had no justification other than feel, which was to massively increase our cash balances at the point of instability we were watching Credit Suisse and Signature and SVB. And Jim did that. And ironically, it's positioned him to take advantage of wider spread. So in hindsight, I think it's been no harm no foul, and I would expect to see cash balances come down.  The question on outflows, I hope we answered better in terms of the table that we disclosed, but I'll come back to you and I'll speak philosophically first. When we construct a product, we put a lot of benefits into the product. We strip away the excess features that give rise to volatility that consumers really don't know how to value anyway and we put it into the price. And yet we create a very low cost of funds, and we've gone from a start-up to the largest provider and the largest market share in the U.S. market. That is no mean feat. But when a product comes out of surrender charge or its market value adjustment burns off, we take the product to its contractual minimum. We want the product to surrender because we cannot invest and earn spread against a product that is redeemable at any point in time.  This is true across the industry. It is not just us who follows this as a point in time. And recall, policies generally do not leave the industry, they recycle because otherwise, people suffer tax consequences, and this is a retirement product. This is not a demand deposit.  What's happening to us, and we are seeing the benefit of is we were a zero market share, and now we're the largest market share. We are the benefit of this recycling at a point in time in the industry. when rates are higher, and therefore, consumers are more interested in annuities. And the whole industry is up. We're just up more than about anyone else.  So I come back to the specifics now in how surrenders work. The maturity cycle of contractual-based outflows will go up and down based on the business that we see 3, 5, 7 years ago. We can tell you pretty much quarter-by-quarter, and Athene will do that in their deep dive, what's the contractual maturity driven outcomes will be. In some quarters, it will be up, some quarters it will be down. You can actually look back to this quarter, that maturity driven was 3%. Q3 in 2022, it was 5.7%. You should expect to see a lot of volatility in that line based on business done 3, 5 and 7 years ago.  Income with policyholder driven outflows, the three categories, for income-oriented withdrawals, you should see this as a steady amount of money that goes out based on the age of policyholder and their proclivity or need or legal requirement to take income. This is also planned.  The next line is from policies out of surrender charge. This is also planned. This gets to the point I just made. We take contractual minimums on policies that burn off their surrender charges to as low as we possibly can. We want these people to surrender. This is a relatively small amount because the vast majority of policyholders surrender at maturity. 10% approximately of the people forget they have a policy and some point in the future, they wake up and discover they have a policy that's out of surrender charge. And so this number, you can see bumps around back and forth. It's neither high or low. It's a relatively small number.  The thing that we watch pretty closely because it is the basis of our business, we look at policies and surrender charges. These are, to some extent, unplanned. These are what I would call life issues. This is health issues, death, divorce or other change in life circumstances, we generally don't see changes in these kinds of surrenders as a result of interest rates or financial markets activity. And if you go back and you look in time, this quarter, unexceptional. And you should expect and we budget that number to be kind of unexceptional on a go-forward basis.  So again, I step back and I look at this industry, and it's not the first time we've done this. This industry has been resilient over a really long period of time. You go back to the financial crisis and you think about how central AIG was to the -- in the financial crisis in 2008, really no move. If you think about Genworth, who also had its troubles in the financial crisis, also no move. Don't see anything really going on here that changes the way I think about the business. And I think we will do the best job we possibly can to give you a prediction of outflows. And the primary thing that varies is maturity driven contractual-based outflows quarter-by-quarter.
Operator: The next question is coming from Michael Brown of KBW.
Michael Brown: So Marc, capital solutions has been running north of $120 million or so for the last 3 quarters. It seems like it's playing a more important role in the broader business here. Could you just explain a little bit more about what's driving on that growth here in this still very challenging backdrop? And is there potential to actually hit your $500 million target before 2026? It seems like you're certainly trending that way.
Scott Kleinman: Yes, I'll answer that. The -- look, it's exactly what we broadcast over the last year, year plus. As we've continued to scale that ACS business, right, it's about inputs and outputs. We've continued to grow the number of origination platforms, the number of products flowing into that, combined with, as we've scaled the ACS business and the number of syndicators we have, we touch more clients, more market participants. And so it's not surprising, we're seeing the steady progression.  As Marc alluded to, particularly on the credit side, we really do want to own 100% of nothing. And so by definition, that continues to feed our ACS platform. So directionally, this is heading exactly the way we would have predicted. To your point about hitting that target early, it's certainly possible that I think that 5-year plan was a little bit conservative.
Operator: The next question is coming from Craig Siegenthaler of Bank of America.
Craig Siegenthaler: I wanted to better understand the quarterly valuation process for the equity stakes of your credit origination vehicles that are held in AAA, and then for the AAA stakes that's held in the aux bucket of Athene. And my question really is it's driven by the fact that Athene no longer holds the equity stakes directly because it was swapped for AAA a couple of quarters ago.
Marc Rowan: So I'll do a start, and then I'll turn it over to Martin. It's Marc. So the valuation process, whether it was on Athene's balance sheet or in AAA hasn't changed and makes no difference. The vast majority of the origination vehicles are held or valued on a basis of book value and ROE. And as you would imagine, in this environment, they are on the margin moving up. But there's not a tremendous amount of volatility because these are, for the most part, book value-based entities that track how they're doing in ROEs, and ROEs have been very stable over a long period of time. And Martin...
Martin Kelly: I would just add, the only difference between the valuation in the alternatives portfolio, which was 6% for the quarter and what AAA shows is just due to certain positions that are not in AAA. But they can't be for various reasons. But otherwise...
Marc Rowan: I think of -- just here, I think Athora or Catalina, other insurance companies can't be for regulatory and other reasons in AAA. And those positions are held out. Otherwise, 100% of the alternatives portfolio is, in fact, in AAA.
Martin Kelly: Yes. So there's no difference in any way between the valuation methods. And then within the alts portfolio for the quarter, connecting back to the comments Marc made on the platforms, the platform has generated close to 10% return within that 6% for the quarter. So the origination business is healthy and high ROEs are translating into upward markets in that portfolio.
Operator: The next question is coming from Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Marc, if I can come back to a response you had to a question earlier on growth in securitized product and maybe just to compare it with direct lending. To the extent, obviously, if we get a substantial pullback over the medium and long term from the banking system, especially regional banks, can you talk about that opportunity in direct lending, but then obviously, contrasted with your sort of optimism on securitized product? And is that going to sort of take some of the share from direct lending? Or do you see them both growing pretty substantially and your participation, obviously, in both?
Marc Rowan: Look, I'll start at the top of the ecosystem. I'll invite Scott to add as we go. So I start at the top of the ecosystem, the U.S. economy needs credit, consumers and businesses as a result of GDP and GDP growth. How that credit is provided has been in a secular change, particularly since Dodd-Frank, with more of that credit coming from the -- from investors who are the new banks versus from the banking system, government guarantee, government-backed deposit insured banks. So as a general matter, investors are supplying more credit relative to the banking system. Then we have this growth of something we call private credit, but those are two words that don't really mean anything. They just sound like they mean something because private credit can be AA or private credit can be highly risky CCC. For the most part, popular press has taken private credit to mean levered lending, which is below investment grade, which is a relatively small part of the private credit ecosystem.  Yet when investors talk about private credit and their allocation to private credit, and they sometimes use the term direct lending, almost all of that is focused on the below investment grade levered lending or direct lending. And people also think about lending in corporate format because that is the most familiar, the most common way people think about it.  For our ecosystem, we love the direct lending, below investment-grade levered lending business sometimes. Right now, we happen to love it. There's not a lot of providers. Funds are still needed. We can make commitments underwriting in a negative mindset, we can earn wide spreads, and there's a shortage of capital so we have good deal selection. Now is a good entry point to below investment grade, levered lending, private credit, direct lending, however you define it.  The point I was making is when you look at the macro of how the country is now banking in the investor marketplace, it doesn't bank primarily by selling loans in direct form to investors. It banks indirectly through securitization. When you look at the growth in ABS, when you look at the growth in other forms of structured product, that is now how America banks. And if you go to our website and you actually look at performance, not just put out by us, by put out by others, you would see that a fair read of all of the information available is that if you look at an investment-grade corporate bond today versus an investment-grade securitized product, you would conclude that at the same ratings point, the investment-grade securitized product is a better credit, which just makes sense.  Because what we've seen in the economy taking place is a significant pickup in the pace of technological change, consumer change, societal change, cultural change. And therefore, we've had more single points of failure in single investment-grade corporate issues, think SVB, think Credit Suisse, versus what securitization gives you, which is the benefit of diversification, which now has more value than ever. And it's not just Apollo saying this. This is almost everyone who has looked at the topic in an academic sense.  So investors are, for the most part, exposed to private credit and directly lending and corporate format in below investment grade. They are at the early stages of fixed income replacement of taking their IG portfolio and rotating it into something that offers them at the same ratings point, 200 to 300 basis points more. Insurance companies, others have been doing this for a really long time. And I believe that investors will also enter this market in a big way. And therefore, I think there's a lot of running room in the securitized marketplace. But once again, make a distinction between investment grade, which is a vast -- a large market and below investment grade, which is an opportunistic still really interesting market, sometimes.
Scott Kleinman: Yes. I would just add, as you look back and think about the evolution of the direct lending or private credit market over the last decade, that's really been a single name issuer level, mostly at the sub-investment grade, as we've certainly been doing over the last several years at the IG replacement level.  We look at the asset-backed opportunity and see similar type of evolution over the next 5 to 10 years. It's certainly what we've been doing with our own balance sheet for the last many years. That's been a key driver of the excess spread that we've been able to deliver. But ultimately, we think the rest of the market is waking up to this and will be a -- just a huge massive market opportunity. The difference being, you really do need the specialized origination, the specialized underwriting to really be able to be in that market, and that's just a huge benefit that we have that we've built -- we've worked so hard to build over the last 5, 7, 10 years.
Operator: The next question is coming from Finian O'Shea of Wells Fargo.
Finian O'Shea: Higher-level question on private investment grade. As you produce alpha there and now share that benefit between the asset manager, the annuity policyholder and outside owners of origination, for example, in AAA, do you see attention on claims to that excess return? And is there enough to go around in a more normal market environment?
Marc Rowan: So it's Marc. The short answer is no. But I have said previously the capacity to produce excess spread or more broadly, excess return per unit of risk is the limiter of growth in our business.  In alternatives, if we are true to what we're doing, we only exist to provide this excess return per unit of risk. Otherwise, investors should be public and shouldn't leave with any liquidity restrictions. So it is our job to grow it and not try to grow our AUM any faster than we have excess spread per unit of risk.  So far, we have been good at balancing that. But we look at this all the time. This is ultimately the cap if you will, on an intelligent way to grow a long-term alternatives franchise that meets investors' needs.
Scott Kleinman: To address, so the three categories you highlighted, right, the underlying annuity holder gets the underlying rate plus some amount of excess that allows Athene's products to be attractive. Athene captures the excess spread inherent in our origination machine to be able to do that and AAA captures the return on the platform for being a creator of this attractive product. So it's actually quite a pretty logical split as to how that waterfall works.
Operator: The next question is coming from Ben Budish of Barclays.
Benjamin Budish: I wanted to ask about the private equity franchise. I know you indicated that you expect to close Fund X this summer. And looking at the last several funds, you probably won't be back in the market for some time. But just a high-level question on how you think about scaling in that business. What are some sort of natural limit to a private equity drawdown fund? And then again, understanding that the scaling in your business is -- and in a couple of other places, but just curious about how we should think about the kind of forward trajectory in terms of the next several funds in that business.
Scott Kleinman: Yes, sure. So in our core private equity business, we think we're operating at the right size. A $20 billion to $25 billion footprint gives us all the capacity we need to execute on the type of transactions that we think are most attractive. A, it's among -- it puts us among the largest pools of capital out there in the private equity business. And certainly, the types of opportunistic public to privates, the scale, stressed or distressed opportunities should they arise, that's the right size of capital, meaningfully larger and perhaps it's possible. But right now, our capacity is sized -- our execution capacity is sized to that level. And certainly, the corporate environment, that really does feel like the right size. As we think about scaling, right, it obviously will come from other ancillary and related businesses. So whether it's our S3 business, our infrastructure business, our hybrid value business, just to name a few, these are platforms that are still in the maturing phases of their scale and footprint. And we do ultimately see those reaching the next stages in the coming years. But for core private equity, we think we're sitting at that sweet spot in the $20 billion size platform.
Operator: The next question is coming from Adam Beatty of UBS.
Adam Beatty: I wanted to ask about the pension group annuities channel for Athene. It sounds like you've got a healthy pipeline coming up there. Just wanted to get your thoughts on the impact of higher rates and maybe economic uncertainty on the level of demand and activity there? And then just how you view the attractiveness of that channel relative to other to opportunities?
Marc Rowan: So it's Marc. So with higher rates for the most part, corporates who are the primary people who execute pension group annuity transactions, find this more attractive because they simply have to contribute less to close a gap if there is a gap in the underlying. Now I wish the equation were just that simple. But of course, it depends how they were positioned. Because if they were positioned in long-duration bonds and rates go up, their gap gets wider. If they were positioned in equities and equities sell off, their gap gets wider.  But for the most part, corporations considering pension group annuities, have been guiding towards a strategy that gets them to a more market neutral place, think shorter duration fixed income, less esoteric in the equity business. And so the benefit of higher rates is for this business overall a net positive.  This is a trust business that comes from having lots of capital, by having an institutional capability to pass independent fiduciaries and by having the know-how to do and onboard 100,000 clients at a time. There is a handful of companies in our industry who have met all those requirements. It is a competitive but less competitive market than the origination business, which itself is significantly less competitive than the inorganic buying of blocks business, which I've already given you my comments on, which I think is in its final throes.  So I -- for one, I'm excited about pension group annuities. I think the team at Athene is second to none and the pipeline is as it should be.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I will now return the floor to Noah Gunn for any additional or closing comments.
Noah Gunn: Great. Thanks for your help this morning, Donna, and thanks to everyone for joining our call. If you have any questions or feedback on our call today, feel free to reach out to us directly, and we look forward to speaking with you all again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines at this time or log off the webcast and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-09 09:42:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Apollo Global Management's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. During todays discussion, all callers will be placed in listen-only mode. And following managements prepared remarks, the conference call will open for questions. Please limit yourself to one question and then rejoin the queue. This conference call is being recorded. This call may include forward-looking statements and projections, which does not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to Apollo's most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Apollo will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, which management believes are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in Apollo's earnings presentation, which is available on the company's Web site. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Apollo fund. I would now like to turn the call over to Noah Gunn, Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Noah Gunn: Thanks, Donna, and a special thanks to a couple of members of the research community who selected two of the three songs for our hold music jukebox that was playing before we got on the line today. Earlier this morning, we published our earnings release and financial supplement on the Investor Relations portion of our Web site. In short, were very pleased to deliver a strong set of results for 2022 that featured record fee-related earnings of $1.4 billion or $2.36 per share and record normalized spread-related earnings of $2.3 billion or $3.88 per share. This strong combination of fee and spread-related earnings alongside principal investing income drove total adjusted net income of $3.1 billion or $5.21 per share for the full year. Joining me this morning to discuss these results and our positive outlook on the business in further detail are Marc Rowan, CEO; Jim Zelter, Co-President; and Martin Kelly, CFO. With that, Ill turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Rowan: Thank you, Noah, and good morning to all. 2022 was a transformational year for the firm. At the end of 2021, we held our first Investor Day and we set out our five-year targets and laid out what we needed to accomplish internally to achieve those targets. End of 2021 seems like a lifetime ago or at least a Fed regime or two ago. However, in 2022, we met or exceeded those targets. Record FRE of 1.4 billion was in line with our target and record normalized SRE of 2.3 billion was meaningfully ahead of target. As important and as we suggested, we restarted the growth engine. Inflows in 2021 were 75 billion. Inflows this year, 128 billion. Inflows for '23 will be higher. We expect a record year of capital raising in 2023. As I've often cautioned, capital raising is the reward for good performance. It is not actually the goal that we set out.  AUM ended the year at 548 billion, or X rates, and FX would have been about 565 billion, all in meaningful progress against our five-year targets. Recall that in Investor Day, we laid out three key objectives or three key pillars that we had to focus on to achieve our plan; global wealth, origination and capital solutions.  Global wealth had a really strong 2022. We ended the year with approximately 30 billion of AUM in our global wealth segment, including 6 billion of capital raised in 2022, accounting for and implementing successfully the Griffin acquisition during the mid part of the year. We are on track to meet or exceed our $50 billion target at the end of 2026. When we laid out these targets, we had zero perpetual products in the marketplace. By year end, we expect nine perpetual products in the marketplace. In short, we've had tremendous receptivity to our product and to our franchise in the global wealth community.  Our goal here, like the goal elsewhere in our organization, is not to be the biggest. We will not necessarily be the fastest growing. We will be seen and are seen as the innovator in this marketplace, showing the global wealth community the kinds of products that they have never seen before and addressing the unique needs of this interesting constituency.  Origination volume totaled north of 100 billion on a 12-month basis. We now have 15 platforms, including seven platforms, which were new additions during 2022. You will hear later in the call the most recent edition, Atlas, formerly known as the Credit Suisse securitized products group. We are definitely on track here to meet or exceed our $150 billion annual target at the end of 2026.  Having a steady source of unique credit production every year really enables us to power our business to make the kind of projections and predictability and the client commitments that are necessary for us to grow. This is good for our FRE business, in that it powers our third parties, particularly in private credit and it is especially good for our SRE business, in that we produce reliable amounts of excess spread, particularly in investment grade private credit.  I'm going to spend a second just on that term. We hear the term private credit a lot. We actually have no idea what the words private credit mean. They're just two words that will follow each other. What we have focused on in our platform and what we have done uniquely is to create a source of private investment grade credit. Very few people, very few organizations have that capability. This is in addition to the strength that the franchise has always had in more generic private credit. Jim will spend a lot of time on this in his remarks and it is a very important part of our franchise going forward and a huge differentiator.  The third pillar that we set out was our capital solutions business. Capital solutions in 2021 was approximately 250 million of annual revenue. And we suggested that at the end of 2026, we wanted that to be north of 500 million of annual revenue. In 2022, we exceeded 400 million of annual revenue. It gives me great confidence that we are on track to meet or exceed the five-year projections that we laid out at the beginning of 2021.  The team has been fully built out globally. We have a massive pipeline that we executed on partially in 2022, and will carry over into the first quarter of 2023, which Martin will touch on. And most important is to help understand and help explain the ecosystem that we are creating. 15 platforms, 15 companies whose only job is to produce credit wake up every day and do what they do, they produce credit.  We, as a diversified buyer of credit for our own balance sheet in SRE we want 25% of everything and 100% of nothing. And so what that means, we are creating every day credit that needs to be syndicated into the marketplace. Some of that goes into funds or to SMAs of clients who have previously come to the Apollo platform. The rest of it goes into our capital solutions business. This is a strategic imperative for us, and does two very interesting things.  One, as we place credit with third parties, we earn fees. Earning fees is a fundamental part of our business model. But as important, they are expanding our ecosystem. We have done business in the alternative community with investors with circa 3,500 counterparties for a long period of time. This is an opportunity with unique product with side-by-side with align product, with recurring product for our capital solutions group to go out and build new relationships. Sometimes those new relationships will result in one-off transactions, which is just fine. But oftentimes those new relationships will open up client's eyes as to what we can do, and we will turn those into SMAs and recurring revenues. This is an ecosystem that is picking up tremendous traction and the team here is doing an unbelievable job.  As excited as I am about the '22 performance against the three initiatives, I now want to turn to Athene who had just an awesome year. Inflows at Athene on an organic basis were some 48 billion. Athene was the number one purveyor of annuities in the United States, despite not being represented in a lot of annuity markets.  New business was put on the books in the fourth quarter at about 145 basis points of spread versus about 120 basis points of spread for the full year. Both of those targets are meaningfully ahead of what we would consider normal levels of business. 2023 I believe will also continue to be very strong. I doubt it will continue at the same levels that we saw in the fourth quarter. But new business is being put on the books very profitably.  Athenes alt portfolio, which as many of you also understand forms the foundation for AAA, our retail product, our equity replacement product was up 10% during the year versus the S&P benchmark, which was down almost 20%, very strong performance and an indication that Athene and AAA are doing something other than buying and providing clients with market beta. As we step back and we think about our positioning in this marketplace, one of the questions we ask the team who is the fortress balance sheet in our industry? And the answer is we are the fortress balance sheet in our industry. We are A plus across all three agencies. We ended the year 2 billion of excess capital and more than 1 billion ahead of S&P AA.  Some years ago we introduced was the first sizable reinsurance sidecar for our industry, affectionately known as ADIP1, with 3.25 billion of capital. That sidecar has now been nearly fully deployed. And yesterday or earlier this morning, we announced the first closing for ADIP2 of some $2 billion and we expect that ADIP2 will be larger than ADIP1. And further that ADIP2 will take an increased share of the new business that Athene puts on the books.  This is good all around. This is good for Athene from a capital generation point of view and a capital efficiency point of view, even though it will mean that some of their assets are now essentially belong to investors and they will realize the benefits of SRE growth. It is good for FRE and it is good for our origination franchises creating additional capacity that needs to be filled which will further spur the flywheel of our capital solutions and other businesses. In short, an amazing year for Athene.  Our success in this business of retirement solutions has not gone unnoticed. By some measure, there are now north of 100 asset management entities or insurance entities who have become asset managers pursuing a strategy similar to that which Athene started on 13 years ago. To be successful in this business and to understand where we sit relative to the rest of the business, I believe there are four things that contribute to success.  First is capital. Massive amounts of capital in an industry that has not been able to raise capital. The second is an ability everyday to create investment grade spread. This is something in a skill set that is not traditionally resonant within the alternatives industry, or quite frankly within traditional asset management. It is a skill that we have built up. The third is a really attractive cost structure. You need scale, because ultimately spread is a function of your net interest margin, but it's also a function of a very efficient cost base.  And finally, you need a very attractive cost of funds. If your cost of funds is low, because you're efficient and because your products are well designed, you do not need to take investment risk to earn good returns. And if you're a good investor, returns can actually be quite high. Everything goes in reverse if your cost of funds is very high.  What we are watching in our industry is the haves, like Athene, where we have some 48 billion of organic origination versus the have-nots, the market entrants, who in fact are paying up for inorganic blocks at very high cost of funds, which also are very expensive to administer on a hope that they will get to scale. I believe that the vast majority of new entrants, although not all, will not be successful and will learn a very expensive lesson along the way.  We are also in a period of time where the increased activity by asset managers has resulted in increased regulatory interest in what we are doing. We have spent 13 years creating the kinds of regulatory dialogues and transparency and putting out a best-in-class set of standards. We are, to my knowledge, not just a fortress balance sheet, but the most transparent of the companies.  We regularly publish stress tests, although we are not required. We regularly publish details of assets that we are not required. We regularly go back and forth with respect to our reinsurance so that people understand there is no arbitrage between the U.S. regulatory standard and the Bermuda regulatory standard. All of the things I've just mentioned are not generally followed by many, although some are good actors of the new entrants.  What you will see in 2023 on our part is an increased foot forward to help lead this regulatory dialogue to make sure that we get to the right place with appropriate transparency and appropriate oversight. This is an amazing business that is driven by powerful trends, but it is also a business of promises to retirees. We expect that we will be included among a group of companies as internationally active insurance groups at some point in 2023, giving us an opportunity and a seat at the table to participate in shaping the regulatory future for our industry, which is changing very fast.  FRE for us is the flipside of FRE. The ability to generate safe yield is something that very few people have. Who need safe yield? Retirees need safe yield, pension funds, replacing a portion of their fixed income need safe yield, banks need safe yield, Japanese insurance companies and international investors need safe yield. The world is short safe yield. And we are very good at producing it. So when we produce it in an asset that is short, we want to maximize the profitability of our capability.  And then why I say that SRE is the flipside of that. We are FRE for the safe field we produce for third parties and for Athene. But then on top of that, we are an SRE or spread-related earnings by matching the safe yield with long-term sticky liabilities. In 2022, a number of other forms of so called permanent capital went in reverse. 2022 was an awesome year for Athene.  Let me step back and now return to a higher level view of our business. Our business, as I've suggested previously, exists and our industry exists to provide investors excess return per unit of risk. It does not exist for us to grow or for us to pursue that which we want. We are fundamentally responding to investor needs. Fortunately, we have very strong tailwinds as a firm and as an industry for the need for income, excess return per unit of risk.  Our business strategy is being driven and growth is being driven in areas where we believe we can continue to produce excess return per unit of risk. Our business is guided not just by excess return by unit of risk, but by an aligned investing philosophy. The combination of Athene and Athora in our balance sheet side by side with investors ensures investors at all points in time that we are fully aligned with them.  Finally, as I'm sure Jim will pivot on to, purchase price matters. The purchase price matters strategy is very hard to pursue in a risk-on everything rally [ph]. Nonetheless, we did that and the reward for doing that was certainly available and shown in 2022. But I believe the positioning we've taken out and our industry tailwinds really bode well for us going forward. 2023 will be a very good year for Apollo. We are on offense. We have 50 billion of dry powder across the platform. We deployed 160 billion in 2022. Fundamentally, we do better when markets are uncertain and when there is uncertainty in the economy. We expect FRE and SRE in 2023 to be up more than 20% over 2022, as I'm sure Martin will detail in his remarks.  But we also have an amazing opportunity in our business to really focus on operating leverage. We have enough in front of us with the initiatives that are currently on our plate to not just meet our 2023 goals but to meet our five-year targets. Alongside the three pillars of global wealth, origination and capital solutions, we have added a number of growth initiatives and I will not steal Jim Zelter's thunder as he lays out the things that are in front of us to focus on.  Suffice it to say, 2023 will be a year of execution. We will return the business to operating leverage in 2023 and again in 2024. The team here feels great. There's tremendous momentum. We are incredibly engaged and energized. And at the end of the day, what makes this a great place is the people.  This is a group of hardworking charitable people where the vast majority of the team, 93% are involved in our giving programs. And our job is to be the single best place to be a partner in the financial services industry. And with that, I want to thank the employees for an amazing year and the investors and analysts for all the time you've given us to understand what we're trying to do.  And with that, let me turn it over to Jim.
Jim Zelter: Thanks, Marc. As you've heard us say before, one of our core tenants is excess return per unit of risk. After 12-plus years of low rates and relatively free money, the best investors will begin to reveal themselves. And strong investment performance is the foundation of our business and we take our responsibility to provide differentiating returns to our clients quite seriously.  As we look out to 2023, we believe this is a particularly good time for Apollo to generate excess return. While other managers may be in a defensive position, we have been patiently waiting for this type of environment and we're confident there will be meaningful opportunities to deploy capital amid a heightened period of volatility and candidly a foggy capital markets backdrop.  Marc provided a high level update on our three key growth pillars, and I'd like to deep dive for a moment into origination. As we addressed at that Investor Day a short 16 months ago, a large portion of what we do is this high grade, fixed income replacement end of the market. Central to our strategy is the ability to originate a recurring supply of these durable assets. And one of the primary ways we do though is through these platforms, real operating businesses within a variety of industries.  Platform origination is clearly a differentiated way to originate these investment grades assets at scale, which is needed to grow our retirement services business profitably and increasingly to third party accounts that want the same alpha in their portfolio. Importantly, however, rather than expand HoldCo balance sheet resources, the capital used to purchase these origination platforms can be sourced via the normal course purchasing power of Athenes alt portfolio as well as AAA. At year end, our platform ecosystem was producing approximately 35 billion of annual volume and generating about 425 basis points of excess spread versus equivalent IG benchmarks. We've assembled this portfolio of 16 platforms across asset classes in sectors which had been acquired through a variety of funds we manage and also built organically, and we're now focused on scale and execution of those.  Metaphorically speaking, we pay the tuition to develop this important capability of scale, which we think is a great competitive advantage or MO [ph]. This advantage will expand following this week's or yesterday's announcement of the CS securitized products group platform, which has been renamed Atlas SP. This platform is a best-in-class asset-backed warehousing business, really a finance company of finance companies, with an extensive network of clients, an amazing 20-year track record of negligible losses.  The industry-leading team at Atlas is excited to be working with Apollo. And through the closing process, it's become clear that the variety of counterparties also want to work with the Apollo ecosystem. Many investors are reaching out to us as they expand their private credit exposure from direct lending into a broad base of asset-based finance capabilities. We think this is the largely untapped part of the 40 trillion IG fixed income replacement market. And simply put, we believe the opportunity to source resilient yield in asset-based finance is where sponsor finance was and private credit was 10 years ago.  In addition to the three growth pillars, we began to execute on six additional strategic initiatives that we've mentioned past. We've organized our efforts and resources around these initiatives, and now '23 is focused on execution. In this competitive fundraising landscape, our innovative and differentiated product offerings we believe will stand out. And we're seeing early indications of those facts.  And I'll mention a few here. We continue to be very optimistic on the growth of AAA or Apollo Aligned Alternatives. We're broadening the distribution system domestically through additional bank platform and a variety of other independent channels as well as globally to Asia and Europe. To note, we're launching our European product platform in the coming months, designed to offer a full suite of options to individuals in Europe, and AAA will be the first product available on that platform.  We've also begun marketing Athene Altitude [ph]. This is a product designed to offer a range of Apollo managed funds across this risk-reward spectrum, but to do so in a tax efficient vehicle. While still early, we raised 300 million in the fourth quarter from our first client, a third party insurance firm, to invest in AAA through Athene Altitude. Additionally, a couple of key organic initiatives in nascent asset classes are building scale.  Our sponsor and secondary solutions platform, named S3, has gained momentum following a cornerstone investment from [indiscernible] last year. This overall business has committed or deployed over 13 billion of capital since 2020, mainly in fund finance but has been committed over 1 billion into equity and credit secondaries over the past six months. And we expect formally to launch fundraising for an equity secondaries fund in the second quarter and opportunistically raise capital for our credit secondaries fund ahead of a dedicated fundraise in 2024.  We're seeing a similar story in our clean transition franchise. Since launching our sustainable investing platform about a year ago, we've committed or deployed over 6 billion of capital into these investments. And later this month, we will be adding a dedicated team for climate and infrastructure yield to further boost our origination capabilities across the board. And we anticipate launching fundraising for clean transition finance and opportunistic vehicles in the latter half of this year.  Next, we're bringing in the investment toolkit that has made Athene and Athora successful to others in the retirement services industry. Our proprietary origination volume has grown, as Marc said, in consistency and diversity. And now we're reaching a point where we can distribute more of these assets to third parties who have the same fundamental needs. We are building on a strong foundation of existing relationships in that area.  And over the next year, we aim to raise over $10 billion of capital from others in the retirement services space. And finally, we're replicating the successful sidecar structure we've had with MidCap and ADIP in a variety of other areas in our business and to do so in a simplified, cost effective manner to really scale and partner with the investors, as Marc mentioned, in the Apollo ecosystem.  Turning to our broader fundraising activities apart from these new six initiatives, our momentum on a variety of fronts is strong. In asset management, we had strong inflows and included 46 billion of third party fundraising, which doubled 2021 levels. In the fourth quarter specifically, total fundraising of 9 billion was driven by new capital for Athora income and incremental capital for a variety of drawdown fundraisers, co-investment capital, and in our global wealth, including 800 million for AAA.  Looking to '23, we expect a record amount of capital from third party investors exceeding the strong levels achieved last year. And we're already in the market with a range of drawdown funds, including our fourth vintage European principal finance, our third infrastructure fund, as Marc mentioned, ADIP2 and certainly our 10th vintage of our flagship private equity fund. Additionally, a variety of funds and manager accounts across the yield strategies that are currently raising capital, or will be later in the year similar to our Accord series as well as a variety of perpetual products, as Marc mentioned, in the global wealth channel, including the non-traded BDC, non-traded REIT and two interval funds.  Regarding Fund X fundraising, I'm pleased to report that we are experiencing broad support from the existing shareholder investor base and gaining traction with new investors, especially from non-U.S. regions and the global wealth channel. Through January, we've received commitments approximately 15 billion. And with congestion dynamics in the market, it's difficult to predict the ultimate size of the fund and exact timing. However, we expect to close on the majority of incremental commitments in the back half of the second quarter, and we believe the fund will land within striking distance of our target.  Coming into the new year, we believe investors are focusing on managers with healthy portfolios who had less exposure to growth-oriented sectors, which certainly bodes well for our long tenured strategy. It's worth noting that our private equity fund portfolios outperformed the S&P by over 25% in 2022 and our flagship PE Fund IX appreciated 22% during the year. Revenue and EBITDA trends remain strong in those portfolios, up mid-teens percent year-over-year across the broader fund portfolios.  Historically, and as you've heard, we've generated some of our best returns for investors and midmarket downturns and we're one of the few funds with a complete product toolbox. Our proprietary financing capabilities have allowed us to execute transactions when the traditional markets are more restricted as they are now. And our flexible mandate across corporate carve-outs, public to privates in distressed allows us to pivot to more attractive opportunities.  For example, Fund X began its investment period in October. We've already deployed 1 billion of capital into nine distressed positions through year end, as well as another 2 billion in a take private along other variety of funds, and a sizable chunk of capital to a structured financing.  Moving to retirement services. As Marc mentioned, Athene had a spectacular year of organic inflows totaling 48 billion, including 11 billion in the fourth quarter. The most significant contributor to the fourth quarter was the retail channel, which was 7.5 billion, a new quarterly record. And retail annuities are certainly in high demand industry-wide as principal protected products with attractive guaranteed yield are compelling in today's environment.  Zooming in though, it's clear that Athene success is driven more than just the industry tied expanding distribution, differentiated asset origination and ample capital resources to support that robust growth, which has allowed us to generate record flows while writing business at compelling spreads.  For '23, we expect another robust year of organic growth from Athene across all channels, with gross inflows exceeding 2022 levels and reaching new highs. Retail and flow insurance should remain the strongest but also benefit from a solid pipeline of new distribution relationships in both the U.S. and Asia. And we also expect pension group annuity is likely to remain heightened as the funded status of many corporate pension plans continues to exceed 100%. And while the public FABN market remains less attractive, we're seeing more opportunities in private transactions that require our overall flexibility. Reflecting on the past year, weve certainly re-instilled a growth through all assets of our facets of our business and put the building blocks to execute our five-year plan in place. As we said, 2023 will be a pivotal year of execution and optimization. And we're seeing great momentum already.  With that, let me hand it over to Martin.
Martin Kelly: Great. Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. As Marc and Jim have highlighted, 2022 was a very successful year of growth and execution for Apollo. Amid a backdrop of significant market choppiness, our financial results demonstrate the strength and resiliency of our earnings streams. In our first full year post merger, the combination of our asset management and retirement services businesses proved increasingly valuable. FRE and SRE comprised 93% of total pre-tax earnings in 2022. And on average, we expect 90% or more of our earnings to be driven by stable recurring predictable earnings streams over the long term. This translates to a meaningfully less potential for volatility versus other businesses that may be more reliant on incentive and investment-based income streams.  Our business model is fully aligned with the growth of FRE and SRE inextricably linked and highly correlated. We intend to drive consistent and attractive earnings growth, regardless of the macro backdrop, in line with our stated goal from Investor Day of doubling earnings by 2026. 2022 was a solid proof point of our progress towards this goal, as we met or exceeded nearly all of our key financial and business targets, which we outlined on Page 4 of our earnings release. FRE of $1.4 billion in '22 grew 11% year-over-year, in line with our expectations, while we absorbed costs associated with significant investments in our next chapter of growth. Management fees increased 14% year-over-year, supported by strong fundraising from both our asset management and retirement services clients, as well as a solid pace of capital deployment. As Marc mentioned, capital solutions fees reached a record quarterly $142 million in the fourth quarter, bringing full year revenue to $414 million, up approximately 40% year-over-year, an incredible result amid a turbulent capital markets backdrop, highlighting the quality of our team and the capabilities we've built. Finally, full year FRE margin of 54% was in line with our previously communicated guidance. In retirement services, normalized net spread reached 140 basis points and 123 basis points in the fourth quarter and for the full year '22, respectively, well above our initial 110 to 115 basis point guidance as the higher interest rate backdrop, more interesting investing climate, and robust organic growth trends drove upside to our expectations.  Athenes alternative investment portfolio returned 10.4% in 2022, very close to our 11% normalized assumption, driven by a broad-based strength across strategic retirement services platforms, origination platforms and fund investment returns. Entering 2023, we expect another year of strength across the businesses. I'll walk through some of the key building blocks.  As previously communicated, we expect fee-related revenue growth of more than 20% in 2023. The bulk of this growth should be driven by management fees, resulting from a variety of new strategic growth initiatives that Marc and Jim walked through, robust organic inflows from Athene, strong capital deployment in yield and hybrid strategies, and additional capital raised for Fund X. Turning to capital solutions. Fee revenue from this business far exceeded our expectations in 2022, growing approximately twice as fast as we originally expected. Given the strong outperformance, we currently see last year's level providing a good baseline for 2023, which is tracking very nicely versus our $500 million target by 2026. We see a healthy pipeline of transactions to support this revenue.  Moving to expenses. We expect our rate of growth in total fee-related expenses to moderate as we progress through 2023 driving positive operating leverage versus our full year 2022 margin. We added almost 400 Apollo employees to our total headcount in 2022 following several previous years of significant headcount expansion.  We've been very fortunate to attract top talent in the industry across investing, fundraising, product development, capital markets and enterprise solutions. This has helped drive strong 2022 financial results and solid progress as we look forward on our growth initiatives. We expect that the bulk of our senior hiring is now behind us. Relatedly, we've seen a meaningful increase in our non-comp expenses to support this higher run rate level of employees as well as our strategic initiatives, which has materialized principally through growing occupancy and technology costs. Additionally, our travel and entertainment expenses have normalized back to pre-COVID levels.  We're prudently managing discretionary expenses as we enter the new year, which should help drive a lower growth rate year-over-year in 2023. However, you should expect the fourth quarter of 2022 non-comp to be a good jumping off point for 2023. Altogether, we expect FRE growth of 25% in 2023, equating to approximately $1.75 billion or slightly under $3.00 per share. Turning to retirement services, we expect another strong year of growth in spread-related earnings as Athene continues to fire on all cylinders. We generated extraordinary normalized SRE in the fourth quarter, which was driven by another year of record organic inflows, underwritten to spreads above our target returns, as well as historic interest rate tailwinds. These ingredients led to a truly remarkable performance.  To an increasing degree now, as we look forward, we have the flexibility to choose how much we want to grow and how we want to fund that growth. Given the rising rate, wider spread and strong demand environment of last year, we leaned in and added tens of billions of dollars of highly profitable business that we believe will drive predictable and durable spread-related earnings for years to come.  We find Athenes growth in a highly capital efficient manner, utilizing its fortress balance sheet resources, which includes third party capital via the ADIP equity sidecars that Marc referenced. For every $100 of inflows sourced, we put up approximately $8 of capital.  Last year, Athene contributed approximately 80% of that capital, as ADIP deployed most of its remaining dry powder. And as ADIP2 comes online, we expect greater utilization of third party capital to support incremental growth, likely double 2022's level or approximately 40%, which will make the business even more capital efficient than it already is today.  In addition to increasing capital efficiency, ADIP provides external validation by sophisticated third party investors of Athenes core business, risk framework, fee structure and strong returns on capital. Importantly, Apollo earns management fees on total gross assets within the Athene complex, including those managed on behalf of the third party investors in ADIP. Because of this mechanism, we are agnostic to the method of funding for Athenes growth from an asset management perspective, as fee-related earnings benefit dollar-for-dollar in either scenario.  As we have emphasized before, SRE is a highly attractive running stream, and the economics of growing it represent a highly attractive return on group capital as we evaluate the highest and best uses of capital across the complex. The returns on capital are even more attractive with more equity sidecar funding, and that's another reason we intend to utilize it to a greater degree. We expect this effort will result in Athenes net invested assets growing by a mid-single digit rate in 2023.  As you know, we have benefited from higher rates due to an allocation to floating rate assets and the positive impacts on new money yields. With the forward curve signaling a flatter trajectory, we currently expect our normalized net investment spread to remain in the vicinity of the strong fourth quarter level, which we expect will underpin a normalized net spread of 135 to 140 basis points for the full year 2023.  Combining our current expectations for organic growth, the use of ADIP equity, the investing environment and the interest rate backdrop, we expect normalized SRE growth of approximately 20% in 2023. And when combining FRE and normalized SRE, we expect year-over-year earnings growth of more than 20% in '23.  As it relates to principal investing, we expect continued equity market volatility and relatively muted capital markets activity, at least in the first half of '23. Although it's difficult to predict market trends with any accuracy, based on the visibility we have into our pipeline through the first half of the year, we currently expect PII to be below our multiyear average target of $1 per share in '23. If markets continue to improve, it's entirely possible we'll move more actively into a monetizing phase in the back half of the year. Now, finally, let me spend a minute on capital. As a reminder, we expect to generate $15 billion of capital to invest over 2022 to '26, including $5 billion to fund the base dividend of $1.60 per share, $5 billion for additional capital returned via opportunistic buybacks and dividend increases and $5 billion for strategic growth investments. In 2022, we spent nearly $1 billion of capital on the base dividend, about $350 million of capital on strategic investments, and over $300 million of capital for opportunistic share repurchases above ongoing stock comp immunization.  Given the line of sight we have into a strong earnings growth year, we intend to raise the annual dividend by 7.5% to $1.72 per share, starting with the first quarter 2023 dividend declaration. We also expect to be a regular buyer of our stock as we believe the intrinsic value remains highly compelling. In conclusion, we ended the year on a very strong note in what was a very difficult market backdrop. Were refreshed and focused on executing the next leg of our strategic five-year plan with great enthusiasm.  And with that, Ill turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, we do ask that you please limit yourself to one question and then rejoin for any additional questions. The first question today is coming from Glenn Schorr of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Glenn Schorr: Hi. Thank you. Appreciate all the detail, particularly on retirement services. I have a quickie, little and big picture on retirement services. On Slide 24, you go through 11 billion of inflows attributable to Athene on the gross inflows, but you also have 11 billion gross outflows. It looks like half was a sale and half was actually policy-driven withdrawal. So curious if you could just talk to that, and then what you're assuming on surrenders? And then maybe you could just flush out a little bit more about your comments on just investment grade and the credit portfolio holding up in this backdrop? Thank you. I appreciate it.
Marc Rowan: Glenn, its Marc. I'll take the first piece of it and then Martin will pick up. So surrenders basically continue at normal levels. What you're watching in the fourth quarter is a normal level of surrenders, the maturity of one FABN, which is a scheduled maturity of the FABN. And then during the year, we reinsured just under 5 billion to Catalina. Catalina is our closed block P&C business. We do not believe the closed block P&C market to be that attractive. And so we are in the process of diversifying Catalinas business from fully closed block P&C to 50% closed block P&C, which is mostly in runoff, but with a long tail, and 50% annuity. It is another source of capital. Think of it like ADIP and it participates side by side with ADIP2 and ADIP1 in these sorts of transactions. But it is modest in its capital base. So maybe it grows to 10 billion or 15 billion over a number of years. But it is really more just a sideshow to what else is going on in the business. In terms of credit, there's just nothing going on in the portfolio. Impairments were like in the 2 to 3 basis points. There's just nothing we see, Glenn, that gives us cause for concern across the portfolio. And again, it gets back to this notion. We speak a lot about the words private credit. And I say -- as you've heard me say, there are two words that are both English words that actually don't mean anything. Private credit can be AA and private credit can be below investment grade. Both have their place in portfolio. On a regulated balance sheet, it is investment grade private credit, excess spread over publicly traded corporates but without excess risk.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alexander Blostein: Thanks for all the detail as well. Marc, I had a question for you around the origination ecosystem that you guys have build. That continues to be a really powerful engine for the whole organization. So $100 billion annual origination this year, very good run rate while kind of on your way to your goals. My question is over the course of '22, how much of that has been placed with third party clients that pay your management fee, whether it's a separate account nor through a commingled fund? How much is being placed at Athene or Athora? And ultimately, as you look forward, what would you want that mix to look like ideally?
Marc Rowan: So Alex, I'll size the business and it's not a statistic I have in front of me, but I'll give you a feel and we'll get back to with the detail. So of the 100 billion of origination, as Jim mentioned, 35 billion this year came off platforms and 65 billion came from what I would say more traditional sources of origination, us calling on companies, high-grade alpha, or other methods of origination. The run rate of the platforms, given that we added seven new platforms in '22 plus the addition now of Atlas means that the run rate will be materially above the 35 billion. The vast majority of whats being originated by the way is investment grade. My gut tells me that about a third of that ends up in the Apollo ecosystem, meaning Athene and Athora. That another chunk of that maybe 20%, 25% goes into SMAs. And somewhere in the balance is going through our capital solutions business as we build the business. Going forward, we will always be expanding into new clients. I think the Athene-Athora share is kind of where it needs to be. As I jokingly said on the call, Athene wants 25% of everything and 100% of nothing; Athora wants 5% to 10% of everything. And the balance, therefore, is available to clients. Our job is to build the third party recurring client business to another 35% or 40%, leaving 15% or 20% as capital markets. Clearly, we view capital solutions as both a moneymaker in the fee business but as important as a client generator. New clients, particularly investment grade clients, who have never come to the alternatives industry, much less Apollo, are for the first time seeing that they can come and pick up to 200, 300, 400 basis points over the comparable publicly traded IG rating. And so for a portion of their portfolio, they're doing it. And while we're having a discussion, and it sounds relatively normal, this is not a product they can buy. And so they're experiencing the product for the first time through capital solutions. And as they get comfortable with the product, we're moving them into sidecars and into recurring sources of revenue. Im going to turn it to Jim.
Jim Zelter: The only double-click I'd say on that, Alex, and it's really the core of our business, in our securitized products Atlas, in the past, investors only had access to the end results, i.e. the asset would be in a warehouse platform and they'd have access to the securitized product. What we're doing for our retirement services balance sheets and a few others now is offering that interim role where they can have access to that pre-securitized product. And again, that ecosystem, it creates a flywheel. It started several years ago with our high-grade alpha what we did in ADNOC and Hertz and AB InBev, but that's opened an amazing amount of doors for us of folks coming into our ecosystem, giving us sidecars or SMAs and then they come into commingled funds. But we will put a little bit finer pin on that. But it really creates an ecosystem, as Marc said.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Patrick Davitt of Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Patrick Davitt: Hi. Good morning, everyone. I have a follow up on the origination discussion. Could you maybe more specifically frame what the annual origination volume of the Atlas team has been running at? And then more broadly, the release seems to suggest this is kind of the first announcement related to the Credit Suisse transactions. Does that mean there are more incremental things that are going to be announced here like this beginning?
Jim Zelter: Yes, so this is a group that historically had originated in excess of 50 billion a year over the last several years. Sometimes it was chunky or sometimes less, but it's a massive platform in excess of 250 underlying financing facilities or partnerships. The reason why you're seeing the release as stated is it's a bit of a staged closing. There needs to be investor consents as well as a variety of some international licenses and regulatory approvals. So the bulk of what we announced in the last 24 hours is the initial closing. You'll see some rolling closes over the next several months. And it will all be done by midyear. But the fact is that the team is engaged. They've been rebranded. They're operating as an appropriate entity. And for us, it's really the first stage. But what's interesting about it is there will be not only assets and facilities we manage on behalf of our retirement services, but as we roll out a variety of commingled or SMA sidecars along, there will be a residual portfolio that we manage on behalf of Credit Suisse over the next several years.
Marc Rowan: Patrick, its Marc. I want to give you a way of thinking about this. And again, we always have to execute before. But what do we see here? This is a business that has not heretofore existed outside of the banking system. And each of the banks who own one of these businesses is competitive with the other banks. We are not a competitor to the banking system. We actually don't want what the banking system wants. We don't want the client. And I'm saying it in a confusing way. But we cant sell the client equity, advice, M&A, treasury, payments, FX, and derivatives. And the banking system wants to sell all those things. And what they don't want for the most part is the asset. So we are actually an incredible partner to the banking system. But if you're in a competitive bank or a boutique, you historically have not wanted to bring your client to this business, because you're bringing it to a competitor who's interested in the same thing that you are. Our job here is to represent a capital box, which will serve as an investment grade capital box, as Jim suggested. We will build and have a massive warehouse business. The warehouse business is a really good business. The stat I have in my mind is more than 350 billion of origination over the last seven, eight years with de minimis losses. At spreads, we believe single A credit spreads, but at very wide spreads, which then the warehouses are cleaned out through securitization, which is broadly available to a variety of investors. Our job is to scale that, but also to become the financing partner to lots of boutiques who have clients where they're nervous about bringing them to banks who are their full fledged competitors. Also, we're a great partner to existing banking system on hold positions. People who have securitizing businesses where they just don't want the hold, or they don't want the capital, bringing us in to be a side by side with them, they are bringing in someone who is not a competitor for their client. That's our job. And we have a lot of work in front of us. But Jay Kim has built an amazing team, and we're very excited about what can be done here. We expect, as I suggested previously, this will be accretive financially in 2023. But it's up to us to make it in 2023 strategically accretive to our platform.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Craig Siegenthaler of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Marc Rowan: Good morning.
Craig Siegenthaler: Just a follow up to Glenn's question on retirement and OTTIs. Your historical loss rate has been very low, 7 basis points annualized. But what was the loss rate in 4Q? And do you have any view on how this should trend this year, especially in light of the prospects for an economic recession?
Martin Kelly: Yes. So Craig, its Martin. The loss rate was right on top of that in Q4. As we go through every asset class and go through a pretty rigorous process, we're just not seeing -- we're not seeing any uptick. If you look at the headline, there was some peak-up CECL adjustments, which were just sort of accounting required, but don't reflect actual credit losses. But the actual changes in the reserves, incidence of any stress and actual realized losses coming through, we're just not seeing it across resi loans, commercial loans, asset backs, any other asset class.
Jim Zelter: And if I can just highlight, Craig, I know there's lots of questions about credit cycle and a concern from our perspective, and we're not the economist. We will let Torsten do that. And we're just following our discipline of purchase price matters. The reality is there are certain sectors that are doing very well post COVID. There are certain that are having a bit of a challenge. Hotels, entertainment, lodging, airlines doing very well; hard industrials or the auto sector is having a tough time. Our IG book, a lot of financials have the big banks. Big IG book, CLO book really strong, AA, AAA book. So we really feel like we have a very well thought out strategic asset allocation and how we put it together is showing the robust nature of the portfolio.
Marc Rowan: I'll just finish it, Craig. You're going to see a tremendous amount of additional activity from Athene this year in communicating its portfolio what's going on? We have a tremendously good story to tell and the team is anxious to tell it, and they're going to be very visible and very transparent in how that gets sold. But I'll just echo where Martin and Jim started. We're just not seeing it in the portfolio. Absolute normalcy in terms of credit and we're getting paid for structure and for illiquidity and for origination. We're not getting paid for credit.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Cyprys: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to circle back on the normalized SRE spread. If I heard Martin correctly, I think he was suggesting 135 to 140 for '23. Maybe you can correct me or not. But maybe you could just help unpack some of the moving pieces in your guidance. Clearly, the benefit from higher rates, I think 20% of the book is floating, but also think a portion of the liabilities are also floating. We're seeing cost of funds ticking up here in the quarter. So I was just hoping you could elaborate on some of the moving pieces, where are cost of funds on new business? And as you look out three to five years, where do you see that net SRE spread settling out to over time? Thank you.
Martin Kelly: Yes. So Mike, that's the reason we provide a single net number to sort of get through the puts and takes that go into that. The benefit of interest rate increases on the floating rate assets is starting to diminish, as you'd expect, right? A lot of that benefit has come through the numbers. And if we just assume that today's rate curve at the short end holds for the year, over the next couple of quarters that will flat line out, right? So that's a temporary benefit for the year. There's also option costs that are required to hedge rate features and policies, which are part of that. And so we're seeing some headwinds there. And we're assuming that fourth quarter was extraordinary in terms of net spreads. We had 145 basis points of fully netted costs, 185 before OpEx and financing costs. And so we don't expect in our models that that will continue. And so if you bring that down to a more normalized level and net all of the above, including what we think is an appropriate allocation to alts for the year, you get to that 135 to 140 basis points. And that's the reason we're trying to anchor around a single metric, which we believe is the most sort of appropriate view of spread for the year, given the components that go into it.
Marc Rowan: Maybe I'll take the two pieces of it that Martin didn't flush out. One is in alts. One has to be stepping back and saying that if I look at the relative attractiveness of asset classes, a credit is simply more attractive than equity. And so you will see that reflected on the margin allocations from Athene. And all of this nets down into credit requires less capital than equity, which allows us to do more business. The other piece, and it's important that you track this through in the model, is we have a choice. And the choice is keep 100% of the business on the books, realize the growth in SRE and deploy our own capital, as thats Athenes balance sheet capital, or allocate a portion of the business to sidecars and essentially receive a fee for fronting that at Athene, receive FRE at Apollo for managing that and allow investors to earn the spread. Given the attractiveness of credit, this for investors is another opportunity for investors to invest in private investment grade credit with perfectly matched low cost liabilities, which is why we've seen such good take up at ADIP2 in addition to the really strong performance of ADIP1. And so as Martin suggested, we expect a very strong origination here, organically. Not even looking at inorganic where the cost of funds is now not sufficiently attractive to justify spending any money. But we will allocate more of that growth to sidecars than we will to the Athene balance sheet. And so it is not just understanding the spread of the business. It's understanding how much of the business we elect to keep. And so the second number I think you need to anchor on is we're expecting SRE growth of about 20% year-over-year. Combination of basis points margin, which in part reflects a decision between debt and equity, and then on the growth side, how much capital we want to deploy as principal versus how much we want to deploy through the sidecars? We're in a fortunate position where we have that choice.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Finian OShea of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Finian OShea: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Another on the Atlas partners origination. Will Athene provide the warehouse financing? And if so, are you offering similar to what banks do on advanced rates or go further? And then relatedly for the equity of those deals, will you mainly sell to something like AAA internal or more so external parties? Thank you.
Jim Zelter: Okay. Let's take a step back for a second. No, Athene is not offering warehouses. We're going out. There's a consortium of global banks that you're very familiar with that are offering us appropriate financing facilities for the commercial real estate, the resi real estate and the consumer facilities, again, global banks, massive facilities. And what Athene will take as other investors, they'll take either the mezzanine or the residual of that financing facility. And again, I contrast this to what we were talking earlier. They're not taking residual securitization risk, which is a higher attachment and lower spread. What Athene and the other investors will have access to is those financing facilities with lower attachment points and higher spreads behind those senior banks. So think spreads 350, 450 over; think attachment points 55% to 65%, where once those companies go to the securitization market, the attachment point goes to 80%, 85% at dramatically tighter spreads. So what we're talking about is offering these investors Athene, Athora and many, many others to get earlier in the process, earlier in the manufacturing of these facilities than ever had they've been able to participate before.
Marc Rowan: I think it's important to say, we're not in the credit risk business in what we're talking about. There's nothing about the advanced rate that is going to be different than that which that is available commercially everywhere. We want to get paid for structure and direct origination. We are not looking to get paid for credit risk unless we're in a credit fund that is supposed to get paid for credit risk. This is about avoidance. And in terms of the funding of this, the funding of this, there's very little equity funding that is required for the platform upfront. It will be funded by AAA and by third party investors side by side. And this will -- the funding structure itself is all laid out in the 10-K coming up.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Rufus Hone of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Rufus Hone: Great. Good morning. Thanks very much. I wanted to come back to your comments about the capital efficiency at Athene. The sidecars contribution is now stepping up to about 40% of the capital. I guess that's a fair amount of capital being freed up. And I was curious about where you're looking to deploy that capital. And I think the last couple of quarters, you've mentioned buybacks were right at the top of your capital hierarchy. I suppose how are you thinking about all that? Thank you.
Martin Kelly: Good morning. It's Martin. So at the top of the house, we have choices, and the choices are to buy back stock, which we expect to be programmatic about. We think that that's a very attractive use of capital, given the business plan we see in front of us even at current multiples. I think a small portion for increasing the dividend, because we think that's important to be sort of an S&P like company. And then a portion to invest in the business, which frankly I think we see less need to do right now given most of the growth is organic, and the three initiatives and the next six are being built out with people and not being acquired. So that HoldCo capital benefits from a dividend up from Athene each year of $750 million. We expect that that will continue at its current level. And then when you look at the capital efficiency at the Athene level, Athene is growing massively. So growth requires capital. Athene is creating meaningful earnings, 2.3 billion of SRE in the year just finished, up 20% next year. That will be used to fund growth that's not retained by ADIP and to fund the $750 million dividend. But as we look at the choice to spend $1 of capital of Athene with or without the benefit of ADIP, it's clearly more accretive across the group to leverage ADIP. And ADIP validates the structure and has terrific returns for its own investors. And then there's AAA, right, which gets to the platform strategy. So they're the key pockets of capital that we look at, and we're looking to optimize it, realizing that uses of capital for buybacks, dividend increases and investments are all attractive in their own ways. But growth requires capital at Athene. And so we're very focused on making sure that we can manage that appropriately and maintain low leverage and strong capital levels above what's required to ensure that the balance sheet is really robust.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Ben Budish of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Budish: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for taking my question. I wanted to dig in a little bit on the inflow outlook for Athene. It sounds like you guys have a lot of confidence that growth is going to continue pretty nicely into next year. I'm just kind of curious, on the retail side, how much of that is coming from new distribution versus sort of ongoing, just underlying strength given where rates are? And on the pension side, just kind of curious, you explained that it's somewhat seasonal. But just curious, what we should think of as kind of a normalized run rate as we go into next year? Thanks.
Marc Rowan: So we'll get back to on the absolute breakdown between new distribution and strong distribution. But it is clear to me that consumers prefer higher rates versus lower rates. And so you're seeing a tailwind to the industry. Having said that, new distribution, new pockets we opened up in the beginning of last year have been incredibly strong. And I won't steal Athenes thunder or their announcement, but they expect this year to be at least two massive launches. And so we are still early in our build out phase of expanding distribution, not to mention new suites of products and everything else. So I think there the tailwind is really good across distribution. And based on what we've seen, at least so far, early dates, it appears that '23 is off to a really good start. In terms of PRT, this is not a -- there's a lot of volume to do out there. But the only business worth doing is business that comes at acceptable spreads. And so we have a budget of what we want to do for the year, roughly 10-ish billion, and it's our job to optimize within the deals that are out there and that which provides us the greatest spread in term and the best mix of business. We expect -- and I'll say we expect that we will exceed organically in '23 what Athene did in '22. And we will likely have to make choices and temper our growth. This will not be a question of whether there's business to do. This is going to be a question of how much business we want to do.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Gerry OHara of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Gerald OHara: Great, thanks. Hoping maybe we could get just a little bit of an update on sort of the outlook for global wealth. Appreciate it's still early days, but hoping we could get a sense of how to think about the cadence and flows while balancing I think your comments of not looking to be necessarily the biggest or fastest growing kind of product generation? And then also if you could just maybe give us a sense of what the incremental products are that we might be able to expect as it relates to the sort of nine perpetual products by year and that you called out in prepared remarks? Thank you.
Jim Zelter: Thanks for the question. We'll just dimensionalize it, like taking a step back, Marc talked about what we did last year around 6 billion. We got about 30 billion in the entire platform right now of products within various global wealth channels in terms of our existing products. And as you point out, like of the 9 billion to 10 billion this year, probably two thirds of that, 6.5 billion, 7 billion will be in the perpetual type of product that we've created, which is AAA, Apollo Debt Solutions, which has been out ADS, as well as a variety of non-traded REITs. And we also purchased a couple of products from Griffin, an interval fund in real estate and an interval fund in credit. So we see broad growth across those. And then the residual of the 9 billion this year will be a variety of our institutional products that we put in the appropriate wrapper. But again, our view is you're stepping back is this is a long journey. Certainly the characteristics of those who are going to win, not everybody is going to win. The distribution channels want a handful of producers or providers. We have the track record. We have the brand now. And whats additional necessary is the technology and the education. So those are how we want to solve the riddle, if you will. But we're not seeing -- the vehicles we have had solid performance. We've not gotten anything that we would think as any kind of redemptions at year end from Windows. So we're happy with the journey we're on and it's, as I said, between the retail perpetual funds from none a couple of years ago to almost nine at year end to the variety of drawdown funds, more than five of those. We feel very comfortable with our product set.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Adam Beatty of UBS. Please go ahead.
Adam Beatty: Thank you and good morning. Just a quick follow up on retail wealth. Marc, I think mentioned some of the challenges that product elsewhere faced last year. Just wondering, has that kind of dampened sentiment? How do you view the take up? And also Jim just mentioned your education? How much recognition have you seen so far that some of the Apollo products are just truly distinctive and a better mousetrap? Thank you.
Jim Zelter: Well, certainly, as we've talked about what we're doing on AAA, Apollo Aligned Alternatives, we think, as Marc has been public saying, we think that could be the largest flagship vehicle of our firm over the next several years. Certainly what we're doing with some of the insurance products and what we're doing with the Apollo Altitude, we think those are a bit, I use the term groundbreaking, but we think they're providing incredible value. And they're somewhat unmatched in terms of the attributes. That being said, there's been some noise about some other folks out there having some redemptions. First of all, I think they're doing the right thing by the discipline that they're engaging in, in terms of making sure people don't think that the incremental yield comes without a cost. But that being said, this is a mere hiccup in a long successful transition and journey, and we're happy to be part of that transition. But no doubt, it's not just about you have to have multiple resources to create all those things we talked about. We've launched this Apollo Academy, which is a broad, broad education set available to those channels. And the take up on that has been extraordinary. So it's not only product creation, execution returns, but also technology applications as well as education.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions for today's event. I will now turn the floor back over to Mr. Gunn for closing comments.
Noah Gunn: Great. Thanks again, Donna. And thank you everyone for your time and attention this morning. I appreciate your continued interest in Apollo. And if you have any follow-up questions on what we discussed on today's call, please feel free to reach out. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast at this time, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Apollo Global Management's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During todays discussion, all callers will be placed in listen-only mode. And following managements prepared remarks, the conference call will open for questions. Please limit yourself to one question and then rejoin the queue. This conference call is being recorded. This call may include forward-looking statements and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to Apollo's most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Apollo will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call; which management believes are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in Apollo's earnings presentation, which is available on the company's website. Also, note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Apollo fund. I would now like to turn the call over to Noah Gunn, Global Head of Investor Relations.
Noah Gunn: Thanks, operator, and welcome again to our call this morning. Earlier today, we published our earnings release and financial supplement on the Investor Relations portion of our Web site. For the third quarter, we reported fee-related earnings of $365 million, an increase of14% year-over-year or $0.61 per share and spread-related earnings of $578 million or $0.96 per share. Together, fee and spread-related earnings totaled $943 million or $1.57 per share. And in total we reported adjusted net income of $801 million, or $1.33 per share for the third quarter. Joining me this morning to discuss our results in further detail are Marc Rowan, CEO; Scott Kleinman, Co-President; and Martin Kelly, CFO. And with that, I will turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Rowan: Thank you, Noah. Good morning to all. Apologies in advance for sounding like a losing Texas football coach. I will do my best. I thought where I'd start is really to start with the macro or the market backdrop. I have a chart on my office wall that traces the movements of the S&P falling the 2008 financial crisis, and following the beginning of tightening in this round by the Fed. They are almost on top of each other. That is not to imply that we are going to have or experience the same sort of events that followed 2008, but I do believe it is important to comment on market psychology and investor sentiment. What did we expect would happen when we printed $8.1 trillion for the country? Well, exactly what should have happened, happened. Assets almost across the board elevated in price to multiples and levels we had never seen before. Risk was up, everything went up, interest rates went down. Now that we have begun tightening, we are doing nothing other than resetting to more normal levels. We act in the market backdrop is somehow that low interest rates and excess liquidity are the norm. They are not. Certainly not over my nearly 40-year career and not over any sort of long-term investment cycle. We have an entire generation of investors, investment analysts who have really grown up just seeing the market go in one direction. And we now all know it goes both ways. If I just chart what's happened so far this year, venture capital valuations are down 60%. Nasdaq down 30%, S&P down nearly 20%, Barclays AG down 17%. This is an amazing time for alts, alternatives, particularly for credit. Investors have now discovered that everything is correlated to the Fed. And they are also discovering that most, if not all, of last decades investment acumen was really nothing other than market beta and in some cases nothing other than levered market beta. Over the past decade, investors kind of got a free ride. There was not much need for alternatives as markets moved primarily in one direction. Yet, as an industry, alternatives grew tremendously. When I think about the market backdrop we are in today, alternatives should shine. After all, as an industry, we exist, because we produce excess return per unit of risk. And for the first time in a decade, investors are asking not just about the reward, but about the risk associated with investments. Alternatives offer diversification, in many instances, downside protection and an escape from correlation and indexation. That is the backdrop that I see for our industry. For us, this is a particularly good time. We did not chase a hot dot of growth at any price over the past decade. Our business continues to be guided by three fundamental principles: purchase price matters, excess return per unit of risk and aligned investing. As a result, we are on offense. Just in Q3, we deployed $37 billion, $175 billion in the last 12 months. Dry Powder now exceeds $50 billion. We excel in this kind of market. We are leaning in, we are out talking with investors and we are apologizing for nothing. By and large, we did what we were supposed to have done in a period of market access, which was avoid potholes. Scott will take you through some detail of our activity across yield hybrid and equity, and in particular, how active we were in the U.K as a result of LDI, which is the first I believe of many market hiccups. The proof ultimately of the strength of a franchise shows up in the numbers. As Noah already mentioned, record FRE of 365, up 14% year-over-year, record Apollo capital solutions revenues north of $100 million, as Martin will take you through. record normalized SRE of nearly $600 million, as Martin will take you through again. $100 billion of year-to-date inflows, well exceeding the $80 billion target that we put out for all of 2022 at our Investor Day last year. In terms of performance, top tier investment performance. Fund IX gross and net were 40 and 26. Direct origination strategies were up 10% year-to-date. Our Athene alternatives portfolio was up 8% in Q3. First of nearly 21% down for the S&P 500. Let me now back up a little bit and talk about the each of the individual businesses. Retirement Services is generating more volume and higher spreads. Consumers prefer 4% and 5% guaranteed yields versus 2% and 3% guaranteed yields. We have nearly $37 billion of year to date inflows. We expect to exceed $45 billion during fiscal '22. And it would not surprise me if we got really close to $50 billion. The momentum in the business is overwhelming. Not only is the business good, we are underwriting new business at really nice spreads. Whereas we used to underwrite around 100 to 110, 115 basis points, we were 130 basis points in Q3 and I expect the basis point spread to increase going into Q4. In addition, we are experiencing increasing profitability from our net floating rate position of $30 billion. This is a strategic portfolio for us. The decision and the willingness to hold $30 billion of floating rate securities means that we have foregone income that we could have maximized in prior periods in order to set ourselves up with this form of downside protection. This notion of downside protection and not being a "current period earnings maximizer" is what allows us to be on offense in markets like this. Martin will take you through the direct effects of being along $30 billion floaters in a highly increasing rate environment. The other nice thing about what's happening in the business is on average, the credit quality of the portfolio is going up market. We have been able to earn these spreads, taking less risk rather than more risk. We've seen minimal impact of capital on capital from ratings migration. 95% of the fixed income assets continue to be investment grade. And having excess capital which again is a luxury in our industry, allows us to be opportunistic and on offense. Let me move from Retirement Services to Apollo Asset Management. Simply said, we are on track to exceed targets from last year's Investor Day. Martin will also give you some insight to what we expect for 2023. And as you recall, we made three key bets, which were driving our Asset Management business forward. One was global wealth, AUM at the end of 5 years of $50 million. The second was Apollo Capital Solutions revenue in excess of $500 million, again at the end of 5 years, and origination volume of $150 billion annually. Let me review each of those three bets. But if you intend to tune us out, the shorthand is we're well ahead on all of those three bets. In global wealth, this market is actually showing FAs and it's showing clients that the 60-40 portfolio is not relevant anymore. I expect and our team expects that 50% of a high net worth individuals portfolio over the next 5 to 10 years will be alternative. It will not be alternative in the narrow depth definition of private equity or hedge funds. It will be alternative in the way that we mean alternative, which is an alternative to publicly traded stocks and bonds. In this kind of volatile market where people are focused on risk reward, we are increasing mindshare as an aligned partner. If you look back and you think about what's transpired so far this year, Global Wealth AUM is up $17 billion, $8 billion from Griffin, $5.5 billion from ADS and $3.5 billion from other fundraising initiatives. $17 billion is great progress on the way to a 5-year goal. $50 billion which I fully expect that we will exceed. Our positioning in this market is not to be the largest. Our positioning in this market is to be the most innovative, known for purchase price matters, excess return per unit of risk and aligned investing. The same bargain that we have with our institutional clients is the bargain we intend to strike with our high net worth clients. AAA which I discussed in our last conference call, which is our core equity replacement product. Think of this as an alternative to S&P 500 exposure. We're already seeing great early tractions. We've been approved by three bank platforms, were we expect to launch the end of this year, the beginning of next year, and we see tremendous interest from RIA's family offices and IBDs. We have already seen as I detailed on our last call, significant corporate interest. And just to give you a sense, this portfolio is up on an annualized basis, more than 10% against the backdrop of a pretty negative S&P 500. We have been positive in all three quarters in 2022. This is what we are trying to do is to replicate S&P 500 returns plus a little, yet with fixed income like volatility. On ADS, our Apollo Debt Solutions vehicle, we were up 2.2% in the quarter, outperforming investment grade bonds, high yield bonds and levered loans. 90% of our portfolio has been put to work in 2022. Very little of the portfolio is exposed to the "hot dot period of 2020 to 2021". We are on offense in this vehicle. The same way we are on offense across our business. 99% of this portfolio is first-lien, which we continue to believe for high net worth investors and others is the right place to be in an uncertain market with uncertain government backdrop, with uncertain inflation expectations. Uncertainty is not a time not to invest. Uncertainty is a time to make sure you are getting paid and going in with your eyes wide open as to a range of outcomes. Furthering Global Wealth, we are seeing continued expansion and you will see us in coming quarters discuss with you what we're doing in Asia Pacific. But suffice it to say not only are we hiring, but we are seeing good leverage out of our FWD Insurance and Challenger relationships in Australia. FWD Hong Kong, Asia and Challenger in Australia, where we own majority stakes in both. To get from where we are to where we think this market is going to be, is going to require time and education. We view ourselves as innovators in this market. For those who are interested to see what we're doing, just log on to Apollo Academy. It is a powerful tool for us to engage audiences, allow FAs to earn continuing education credits, and to bring thought leadership and expand the knowledge of what an alternative is to the investing public. The early engagement is really strong. And we continue to receive accolades from our channel partners for all that we are doing to move this market along. Apollo Capital Solutions, I'll just spend a second on. As an aligned investor, we want 25% of everything and 100% of nothing. That means we are ideally situated to work with our investors to syndicate into sidecars, into managed accounts and other flexible vehicles. Revenue this quarter was very strong. It had a goal of $500 million of revenue by 2026. It will likely be north of $400 million of revenue for 2022. I'm very optimistic, just like with Global Wealth, where we like -- I think we're likely to exceed our $50 billion AUM target, we are likely to exceed our $500 million revenue target for Apollo Capital Solutions. Somehow I get the sense that the leaders of these teams have sand backed us, but that's all good. Our job is to execute our plan not to chase the hot dot of growth. Let me now turn to the third and perhaps most important of our key bets, origination. If you run a business that is focused on excess return per unit of risk, you do not focus on growing AUM. You focus on growing your capacity to create investments that provide excess return per unit of risk. And you believe as we have seen that AUM will follow. That is how in my opinion, one generates a recurring revenue, long-term lasting franchise that investors can trust. Much of what we do in origination, as you will recall, is what we call fixed income replacement. Most of this is investment grade. We are occupying a slightly different space than most of our alternative peers. And we're occupying it because we think this is the most attractive space and we are advantaged in this particular area and we are at scale. Currently, we own or operate 13 different platforms. A platform to us is a way of generating the kinds of investment grade yield the assets that we require to consistently grow our business to feed our growing retirement services and third-party credit mandates. During the quarter, we announced the signing of a framework agreement for the Credit Suisse SPG business. This would be our 14th platform. We believe that asset-backed origination has the potential to be as large market as corporate credit. This is a product set that is primarily investment grade that fits extraordinarily well into our requirements for both our retirement services business, and the third-party business we are building. It would give us extra access to flow from more than 200 direct clients and accounts. Should we close on this transaction, which we believe we will, this would allow us to be marginally accretive going into 2023, but strategically very accretive. It will be up to us to turn this into a huge success. So we are optimistic about what this business can be in our hands, and are incredibly enthusiastic of moving to a quick closing on this transaction. Having gone through the business, let me now talk a little bit about what we're trying to build and remind how we differentiate from most other firms in the alternatives industry. Our business model is built for the long-term. The vast majority of our capital comes from our yield business and the vast majority of our yield business is fixed income replacement. Fixed income replacement is top of the capital structure, senior secured. And that's where we want to be in uncertain times. It's why we can play offense. That does not mean we are not interested in the below investment grade market or direct origination, we are. It is just not the lion's share of our business. I step back and think about again our industry. Indexation is ramping across fixed income markets and equity markets and indexation and correlation, its cousin, are just a huge source of differentiation for us as an alternative manager, the shift from defined benefit, defined contribution, is another huge source of growth. Demographics, another huge source of growth. And something not fully appreciated is the changing role of banks post Dodd-Frank. Many of the fixed income originating assets are the kinds of assets that in prior periods might have ended up on bank balance sheets. Securitization is now how American banks. We estimate and less than 20% of debt capital to U.S businesses and consumers is provided directly by the banking system. The vast majority of capital is provided by all of you through in intermediaries like us and our peers. This does not mean we are replacing the banks. Quite frankly, we are now partners with the banks. If you think about what a bank wants, for the most part, a bank wants the client. They can sell the client payments and FX, hedging, and M&A, and equity and a whole range of services that we and our peers are not really equipped, nor do I believe we will be equipped to offer. What we want is the asset. We want the asset on good terms without fees taken out in advance, where we can have a direct look to credit quality, credit underwriting to control the documentation pen [ph]. Fixed income replacement, I believe to be a vast market, where we are still in early stages of its development. And I'm confident that we can as a firm adhere to excess return per unit of risk, while growing our business. That is the challenge that I see. There is growth everywhere in the alternatives marketplace. The key is to grow while maintaining the core tenant of what an alternative is. Let me close by saying we're on offense. The year ago, almost to the day we laid out a 5-year plan, I'm confident that we're going to meet our targets which were more than doubling of earnings by 2026. The three key bets are well underway. And we have already identified the next level of growth initiatives, whether it's AAA, GPLP solutions and more to come. The accelerated hiring of the past few years is now behind us. And now it is our job to focus on simplification. The entire alternatives industry has gone from a small industry to a relatively large industry over a decade. Much of the industry has grown by adding people. We now as an industry and as a firm, we need to take time to make sure we are building the systems and operating procedures that will allow us to scale the business and return to operating leverage. Make no mistake, a return to operating leverage is in the cards, and we expect that to happen for us as early as 2023. The talent we've added most recently with our COO addition by Byron Vielehr and others, gives us the confidence that we are well set up to both grow and to be efficient in how we grow. Energy level at the firm is very high. So I want to use this opportunity not just to speak to all of you, but to thank the team, many of whom are listening for the tremendous work they have done so far in 2022. And with that, let me turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Kleinman: Thanks, Marc. Apollo is well known for having the ability to thrive in challenging and complex economic environments. Over the past decade, amid a low interest rate backdrop, we worked hard to source attractive investment opportunities, and capture excess returns for our fund investors and retirement services clients. We were measured patient and preparing along the way. But now we've entered into a particularly favorable backdrop for our investing strategy to shine, we're on our front foot in a market that is ripe with opportunities, and we're methodically putting capital to work across our platform. In credit, the areas where we do the majority of our business, which is fixed income replacement, senior secured top of the capital structure are still open, and the recent market dislocation is creating an abundance of attractive deployment opportunities for those who can invest with size and scale. We're seeing pre-financial crisis pricing frameworks, allowing us to generate higher returns with less credit risk. For example, the yield on the CCC index one year ago is now the same as the yield on an Investment Grade index. We're buying new issued 10-year IG corporate paper between 6.25% and 6.75%. And in sterling, there's A rated opportunities yielding 7.25% to 7.5%. These attractive high grade assets are finding a home across our platform, particularly at Athene where the investment portfolio is directly benefiting from rising rates and wider spreads. In the third quarter, the weighted average yield on total fixed income purchases for Athene exceeded the BBB Corporate Bond Index by more than 80 basis points. In another recent example, our size, scale and ability to move quickly allowed us to step in and provide stability to the U.K market in response to LDI-related for selling at a favorable entry point. Trading volume skyrocketed to 800% above average levels when for selling began and we accounted for about one-third of aggregate liquidity supply. Over this 3-week period in October, our trading desk purchased $1.1 billion of AAA and AA rated CLO paper yielding over 8%. We're confident that none of our competitors were able to move this swiftly or by this significantly amid such volatility. In terms of origination, debt origination volume totaled $20 billion in the third quarter or approximately $100 billion over the last 12 months, demonstrating the significant scale we possess in generating attractive proprietary assets. With less competition in the market, we've increased pricing and tightened the credit box across several of our origination platforms, as our financing capabilities are becoming increasingly valuable. One example of this dynamic is our recent high grade partnership with Air France. This was a unique opportunity to provide one of the world's leading airlines with a custom asset-backed capital solution to deleverage and improve its borrowing costs. Apollo leverage cross platform expertise, including aviation, asset-backed financed and multi asset credit to execute the long-term investment of 500 million. In private equity, our emphasis on downside protection and purchase price discipline, as well as our ability to be flexible across multiple strategies, corporate carve outs, opportunistic buyouts and distressed situations, allows us to seek the best risk adjusted return in any market. In today's environment, increased market dislocation is providing many unique opportunities to lean in creating what we expect will be a significant tailwind for the franchise. We're operating with a pipeline that is 3x as large as it was just this time last year, and we expect to commit a significant amount of capital in the coming quarters. The credit markets are more exposed to rising interest rates than ever before, and we are diligently preparing for deployment opportunities in distressed debt. With the supply of sub-investment grade debt 3x as large as it was during the financial crisis, and with suppressed default levels for almost 15 years, we believe many corporates will need to deleverage. Our financing tools are also proving to be a tremendous differentiator, allowing us to buy companies at attractive values when most competitors are unable to transact. This was the case in the recently announced acquisition of Atlas Air through a take private transaction, totaling $5.2 billion. While most banks were effectively shut for business on new LBO commitments, we worked with our capital solutions team to structure and anchor a preferred equity tranche, reducing the required debt commitment while enhancing return potential and downside protection. This example is one of many as our ability to deploy capital in this sort of market backdrop is greatly enhanced by our integrated capital solutions business. It's worth highlighting that we've strategically invested in this business over the past year as we previously told you, and now have a dedicated team of approximately 40 professionals. We've worked diligently to align the team with several newer areas of growth across the platform and organize our corporate coverage model across thousands of entrenched relationships. As Marc noted, our investment has begun bearing fruit as we generated record quarterly transaction fees of $105 million in the third quarter, of which the vast majority is from capital solutions fees. In this backdrop, we are acting as a market stabilizer, providing liquidity and stress segments of the market and helping our banking partners work through a backlog of hung deals. While we acknowledge that transaction fees can be lumpy on a quarterly basis, we're constructive about the strategic progress we've made and remain confident in our team's ability to continue to drive growth. The robust ecosystem of asset origination capital deployment and market connectivity are crucial components of the excess return that we diligently strive to generate for our clients. As demonstrated in the third quarter results, the core tenants of our investing philosophy, purchase price discipline and downside protection are clearly setting us apart. In a public equity market backdrop that was down 5% in the third quarter and 17% over the last 12 months, our private equity portfolio had flat returns and appreciated 8% over the same respective periods. Revenue and EBITDA trends at our funds portfolio companies are up meaningfully year-over-year, and they're actively managing margin risk by implementing cost saving measures and passing through price increases. Elsewhere, our hybrid value portfolio continues to perform well, appreciating 1% in the third quarter and over 4% year-to-date. In our yield strategy, we are really a performing credit investor that looks to make reasonable loans and get paid back. Our corporate credit and structured credit strategies appreciated 1% in the third quarter, while our direct origination portfolio appreciated over 3%, showcasing disciplined credit underwriting and superior security selection. Athene's alternative portfolio generated an 8% annualized return in the third quarter, continuing to benefit from the diversified and defensive characteristics that it has exhibited over time. Within the portfolio origination platforms and strategic retirement service investments returned 12% and 4%, respectively, in the -- while fund investments returned 8% aided by strong performance in real assets and higher cash flows from a few structure deals in our yield funds. There are several qualities of Athene's alternative portfolio that drive resilient performance amid more challenged equity markets, including high current cash flow for our origination platforms, structuring of underlying assets to allow for faster paydown and amortization, and timely redeployment of capital. These structural qualities create downside protection when public markets are volatile, which is proving increasingly valuable in today's market backdrop. Moving to our fundraising results. Third quarter inflows of $34 billion were strong and diversified across our platform. Asset Management inflows totaled $21 billion and included $17 billion from third-party fundraising, including Fund X and our newly launched S3 platform. Notably, we began third-party capital fundraising for our non-traded REIT, Apollo Realty Income Solutions, or ARIS, in late September. As we look to close out the year, we expect another quarter of healthy fundraising, including additional Fund X capital as well as the successful equity capital raise for Athora. So far, we've helped Athora raised over 2 billion of new common equity capital this year, with high visibility to bringing the total to over 2.5 billion in the coming weeks. We believe Athora is uniquely positioned to capitalize on a vast near-term market opportunity in Europe, and this new capital will allow them to execute on their strong pipeline of both inorganic and organic growth and to continue growing at this rapid pace. In regards to the ongoing Fund X capital raise, our conversations and diligence efforts with limited partners remain very constructive as our differentiated investment philosophy and strong long-term track record are setting us apart from other funds in the market. Through the end of October, we've received commitments of approximately $14.5 billion. Due to the impacts of the denominator effect in the sheer number of GPs in the market this year, we've agreed to keep the fund open until the first half of '23 to accommodate our investors' annual allocation budgets. We remain confident in reaching our $25 billion target fund size and importantly, all capital closed in the remainder of '22 or the first part of '23 will accrue fees back to the fund's fee commencement date, which we activated on October 1. Turning to our retirement service inflows, Athene had a stellar quarter of record inorganic growth, as the value proposition of principal protected yield-focused products are proving to be increasingly attractive in today's market. Total inflows of $13 billion in the third quarter included a record $6 billion from the retail annuity channel as fixed rate products with attractive rates were in high demand and continued distribution expansion within large financial institutions helped as well. Flow reinsurance also benefited from these trends as well as growing traction from our expanding partnerships in Asia Pacific, with its second best inflow quarter ever. Importantly, the duration and stickiness of Athene's funding is highly predictable, and we have not seen any material change in customer behavior so far this year. Before turning it over to Martin, I'd like to pick up on a discussion that I outlined at our Investor Day approximately a year ago. We see ample white space opportunities tangential to our existing businesses that can drive accelerated growth above our base case targets. There are a few very large and growing sectors, which typically trade at higher multiples where we have not been historically active such as fintech, life science and software. Over the past 18 months, we've selectively cultivated strategically and economically aligned partnerships with best-in-class managers in each of these areas to expand the breadth of our platform and expertise. Our investment in Motive, a specialist fintech private equity firm, was our first partnership in the growth space. This relationship has fostered several tangible benefits already, such as providing proprietary investment origination, helping in transaction due diligence within specialized sectors, building out retail distribution technology, working on product innovation with Apollo and Athene and driving efficiency enhancements across Apollo's operating structure. More recently, we announced strategic and financial relationships with SoFi Nova, a leading European life science venture capital firm, earlier this year as well as Haveli, a premier enterprise software and gaming private equity firm. We expect these more recent investments to be just as successful as what we've accomplished with Motive in just over a year. So with that, let me stop there and hand it over to Martin.
Martin Kelly: Great. Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. So echoing Marc and Scott's sentiment this morning, this is the type of environment where Apollo really shines. Our key business drivers, including capital deployment, investment performance and fundraising, remains strong. And our financial results reflect continued momentum across our primary earnings streams. The stability, quality and recurring nature of our earnings power provides comfort in these volatile markets. Management fees accounted for more than 80% of fee-related revenue, both in the third quarter and year-to-date periods. And we experienced only an estimated 1% annualized drag on our management fees quarter-over-quarter from market value declines. Importantly, fee and spread-related earnings accounted for approximately 95% of total pre-tax earnings in the third quarter. As Marc said, we're on track to meet our 5-year targets that we laid out at Investor Day last year, which includes more than doubling both FRE and total earnings. Starting with our AUM results, third quarter AUM reached $523 billion, increasing 2% quarter-over-quarter and 9% year-over-year. Inflows totaled $34 billion in the third quarter as we raised significant amounts of capital from both our asset management and retirement services clients. Total outflows of $10 billion in the quarter included $6 billion from normal course of same runoff, which increased from the prior quarter due to several expected funding agreement maturities as well as the first of its kind partial repurchase of existing notes in an effort to tighten our trading spreads. Realizations of $10 billion, included $6 billion related to the reallocation of a limited partner's existing mandate to other strategies. In a similar dynamic to last quarter, most of the third quarter negative market activity was driven by unfavorable FX translation from Athora's portfolio due to a depreciation of the euro. Moving to FRE, we reported third quarter fee-related earnings of $365 million as previously referenced or $0.61 per share, which increased 14% year-over-year and reflected continuing momentum in our results after increases of 3% and 7% in the first and second quarters, respectively. Amid turbulent markets, fee revenue growth exceeding 20% year-over-year was very strong and included 16% growth in management fees. On a sequential basis, yield management fees benefited from a full quarter of Griffin fees and the expiration of a 6-month fee waiver for the non-traded credit BDC we manage, Apollo Jet Solutions. ADS contributed an incremental $5.5 million to each of management fees and fee-related performance fees in the third quarter. And as Scott noted, we turned on management fees for Fund X on October 1, at which point the fee base is for Fund IX step down from committed to remaining invested capital at a slightly lower fee rate. The combination of these two events will be modestly accretive to our fourth quarter equity management fees and we will benefit from higher run rate and catch-up fees with successive closes. In terms of expenses, comp and non-comp expenses increased on a sequential basis as expected, as the impact of growth in our headcount continues to run through our cost base. Overall, we have good visibility into fourth quarter results and continue to feel confident in meeting our $2.35 per share FRE target for this year. As we look to 2023, we still expect fee revenue growth of more than 20%, driven by revenue accretion from new strategic growth initiatives, robust organic inflows from our retirement services clients, fees from additional capital for Fund X and continued progress in our capital solutions build out. With our period of accelerated investment spend to support our fast growing platform behind us, we expect to generate positive operating leverage next year as we move toward our long-term FRE margin target of 60% plus by 2026. With a very strong revenue growth outlook and moderating expense growth, we are targeting FRE growth of around 25% in 2023, above our multiyear compound annual growth target of 18%. Moving to our Retirement Services segment, we generated SRE of $578 million or $0.96 per share in the third quarter, which represents a net spread of 120 basis points [audio gap] as a percentage of average net investment assets. Normalizing our alternative returns to 11% and excluding certain notable items, SRE, as Marc noted, was $598 million in the third quarter, translating to a normalized net spread of 124 basis points. On a sequential quarterly basis, our normalized net spread increased 9 basis points, driven by 11 basis points of net accretion, both from higher floating rate income and higher on-the-margin purchases due to rising interest rates, partially offset by 2 basis points of higher operating expenses. The quarter-over-quarter increase in our OpEx reflects higher costs associated with building at our platform capacity, and we view this as a reasonable run rate in the near-term. We've been a beneficiary of this rising rate environment with higher short-term interest rates generating approximately $100 million of incremental SRE from our net floating rate income in the first 9 months versus the comparable period of 2021, with $60 million of this increase or $0.10 a share in the third quarter. We expect this amount to rise further, due to the timing of rate basis resets. This dynamic as well as attractive deployment opportunities should continue benefiting the underlying profitability of our Retirement Services segment, translating to an expected normalized net spread of approximately 135 basis points in the fourth quarter. And just to underscore the strength of Athene's business, a year ago, we laid out an indication of $3.35 per share of spread-related earnings this year. We expect to report closer to $4 per share, with three benefits: higher rates on the floating rate portfolio, organic growth, exceeding our plans and a favorable investing environment. Looking ahead to 2023, we expect this favorable interest rate uplift, coupled with robust organic inflow outlook, to drive above average normalized SRE growth next year relative to our 11% multiyear compound annual growth expectation. Turning to Principal Investing. We reported PII of $50 million or $0.08 per share in the third quarter. Realized performance fees of $93 million were light, as expected, as we are being patient in monetizing investments to help maximize return potential for the benefit of our fund investors. Lastly, our business generates a substantial amount of free cash flow, and we expect to deploy $15 billion of capital through 2026 in strategic growth investments, funding the base dividend and both growing the base dividend and opportunistically repurchasing shares. In the third quarter, we spent approximately $200 million of capital on HoldCo investments to drive future FRE growth as well as approximately $50 million on share repurchases. As a reminder, we spent $200 million on buybacks in Q2, and we would have engaged in additional share activity in Q3 if it weren't for restrictions during the quarter. Looking ahead, we expect to be more active in buying back our stock, particularly in times when, in our opinion, our stock is clearly undervalued. We remain comfortable with our strong liquidity position, including a net balance sheet value at the holding company of $2.1 billion or $3.50 per share, with cash and equivalents of more than $2 billion. In closing, I'd like to reiterate a central theme of our remarks this morning. We are very well-positioned to capitalize on a growing pipeline of opportunities in this market backdrop and generate excess return for our clients. A year removed from our milestone Investor Day, we are even more confident in our ability to achieve our long-term financial targets and are diligently executing against our attractive growth plan, aimed at benefiting all our stakeholders. With that, we thank you for joining the call, and we'll open up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt of Autonomous. Please go ahead.
Patrick Davitt: Hey, good morning, everyone. I have a follow-up question on the Wealth Management business. I appreciate all the color, Marc, you gave us there. Could you give us a little more specifics on how the flows looked in all those major products in 3Q versus 2Q? And then more broadly, are you still confident in the ability to launch one or two products a quarter, ramp that business through much more volatile markets?
Scott Kleinman: Yes, hi. This is Scott. So, yes, flows have actually been building quite nicely. As we had told you, we expected about $6 billion of inflows this year, the first year of our global wealth activities. And it's been building sort of steadily quarter-on-quarter. And -- so we feel quite good about that number, in all likelihood exceeding that number. That has been coming in through ADS, as Marc talked about. This quarter, we launched AAA. We just launched ARIS, our real estate product. And then, of course, some of the drawdown funds that are working through this global wealth system as well, namely Fund X, has been moving forward. So continue to go quite well in that area. We do have some exciting launches early next year. We've talked to you about our ensuring that products that we'll be launching next year as well as a couple of others that will be coming more midyear. So yes, feeling very good about where we are going. And really, our first year in earnest in the global wealth channel has been a real success.
Patrick Davitt: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to circle back to some of the comments Marc you had made, and Scott as well. Marc, you had referenced the U.K. market hiccup as maybe being the first of many. I was hoping you might be able to expand on that what you see potentially coming where the next pickup might arise, what might cause that how? Apollo might be able to capitalize on that opportunity? And then, Scott, you mentioned about distressed investing, that you're preparing for that. Can you maybe just expand upon your outlook and how you see that playing out this cycle?
Marc Rowan: Why don't I start on the macro side, and then I will let Scott add some color. So if you go back to Dodd-Frank and the changes that happened in our system, beginning in 2008, one of the changes that happened was an increase in the, I will say, penalty of the cost of providing trading capital. By our estimate, we have roughly the same amount of market making capital in the system today as we had in 2008, with markets significantly larger. One of the things we are seeing across every market is a decrease in liquidity, and this is not just a structured product phenomenon, this is a treasury market. There was an article yesterday talking about that. And as I like to say to our clients, we now are in a market where there's only liquidity on the way up. There is not liquidity on the way down. The public markets are less liquid. The private markets are more liquid. And so we are seeing a gradual trend toward increased private liquidity, decreased public liquidity. And as a result, when you have short-term capital calls or short-term phenomenon, you end up with all manner of market-based kind of illiquidity, particularly when everyone is looking for the same door at the same time.
Scott Kleinman: Yes. Let me just add on what Marc said, while we can't necessarily predict exactly where those movements will come, 14 years of 0% interest rates has led markets to pursue increasingly levered strategies to try to find yield and return. And now that we are in a rising rate environment and those levered trades have to unwind, that they all happen at once, right? The LDI transaction that I referenced didn't -- there was nothing inherently wrong with the CLO tranches we were buying, it's just that happened to be the most liquid asset that those entities had to liquidate in order to cover their leverage and margin issues. And so those are the types of things -- so being ready, having the breadth and scale of platform to take advantage of that when you see those cracks happening, that's the opportunity.
Marc Rowan: You have to, again, propitiate [ph]. We've lived in 10 years of benign environment, with increasing liquidity and low rates. And this mismatch of daily liquid products, with non-daily liquid assets, is across our financial system. We saw it in March of 2020, in the beginning of the pandemic, where it happened in open enter mutual funds and ETFs. We've now seen it in LDI. And we will continue to see that because I step back again to the macro. Our system is designed today such that things are only liquid on the way up there, not liquid on the way down. And if you have any sort of event where investors all run for the same door, at the same time, there is no longer the dealer capital in the system to serve as a buffer to allow for usual business as usual price expectations. To be willing, to be able to participate in that market, you have to have not done something over the past 10 years. You have to have not fully invested your balance sheet, fully deployed your capital, try to maximize your earnings in a period that was very easy to try and do that. And so what you find is many investors, many institutions today, are offsite. They are essentially fully deployed. I think about the insurance industry and the publicly traded insurers over the past decade. U.S. and Europe have raised closer to 0 than $1 billion of capital and have paid out roughly 90% of their current market cap as dividends. That means people are not saying overexposed, but they're not in a position where they are net buyers and large size on market dislocation. We try and run our European, our U.S. business and our fund businesses, such that in the -- once a decade, once or twice a decade opportunity, we can be really large buyers of mispriced risk. And to do that, you have to be patient every day. And I come back to you with the hardest thing to do running a competitive investment firm is not to chase the hot dot, just to sit and do nothing and wait.
Scott Kleinman: And Mike, just to quickly answer your distressed question. So as you look at the credit markets right now, if you were to look at the indexes per se, we are certainly not in distressed territory yet. Although, name by name, you are starting to find some interesting situations moving in that direction. Fund X has started to accumulate positions in a few names so far, but our watch list is -- stretches into the hundreds. The key -- as I've said in the past, the key to successful distressed and distressed investing is to be ready, right? When the markets move, they move, and you can't start analyzing your names, your credits at that moment. You have to have fully built out investment thesis around not only which names, but where in the capital structure or what prices you're interested in investing. And our teams are, at this point, fully sort of built up and prepared awaiting for those moments to happen, which, I mean, nobody has a crystal ball, but we will probably roll into early next year when you start to see that happen.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Finian O'Shea of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Finian O'Shea: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. A question on the Credit Suisse SPG business. Can you talk about the potential or expected impact to your direct origination volumes?
Marc Rowan: It's Marc. I think it's too early to say what direct origination volumes would be. But I will come back to what I see as the macro opportunity, and this is how I frame the opportunity. Dodd-Frank, sufficient in the accompanying regulatory reform in Europe, shrunk the size of the banking system, made more of the banking systems products, investment products. The way I see U.S. consumers and companies banking today is through the structured products market, through people like us and like Credit Suisse. I believe that the structured product market can be the size of the corporate credit market. And for us, this is a slice of it. This is the top of the capital structure, generally AAA, AA, and it has relationships with 200 different entities. The transaction will initially -- is a vision to initially be funded by ourselves and by PIMCO. And it is our job, not just to take something that is already of size and scale, but to grow it from there. So I think it's early to predict how much origination will come out of this. But suffice it to say, it's going to be up to us to build a franchise around this and to retain the clients and the people necessary to go do that. But we are very optimistic, and we would not have leaned in with all of the resources that we did if we didn't think this was a needle mover with respect to our origination capability.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rufus Hon of BMO. Please go ahead.
Rufus Hone: Hey, good morning. Thanks very much. I was hoping you could spend a minute on AAA specifically. And you mentioned last quarter that you think this has the potential to be the largest single product or fund for Apollo. So how are your conversations progressing with institutions and what do you still need to do in order to get this into the retail channel? And when could we start to see flows from retail come in? Thank you.
Marc Rowan: So it's Marc. I will come back to you. So we launched with approximately $10 billion from Athene, $1.5 billion from SuMi TRUST and $3.5 billion of other institutional commitments. If I look at things that have come out of global wealth and retail, I don't have the exact number in front of me, but it's something $200 million, $300 million. I would expect us to cross the $500 million, $600 million of new money beyond that by year-end. But we really will see -- we are now accepted for wealth distribution channels on a number of platforms, really focused on the first quarter, and I think you will see growth in '23. It is now up to us to take a product that we think makes sense and explain it to the market and prove out success. So it's now the hard work is on us. But I step back, we are offering investors side-by-side alignment with us for de minimis or no incremental fee on a fully diversified, no J-curve portfolio, where they have liquidity, 5% a quarter, and we do not. The initial conversations have been very encouraging, but it is now up to us to execute.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alexander Blostein of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alexander Blostein: Hey, good morning, everybody. Thanks for the question. I wanted to circle back on the capital return philosophy. The platform has gotten much bigger you guys are exceeding your near-term earnings expectations and the excess capital continues to build. So I guess, near-term, I think, Martin, you mentioned that you guys were blacked out in the quarter, and that's one of the reasons why you couldn't do much for buybacks. Was that to Credit Suisse or something else? And I guess more importantly, as you look out into 2023 with kind of the dynamics that I mentioned, what are your expectations for total payout between dividends and buybacks? Thanks.
Martin Kelly: So we were restricted. I won't go into the reasons we were restricted, but we were not able to buy back more than we did, which is a de minimis amount in the quarter. If you look at what we've done this year, we've actually spent about $1.8 billion between the dividend and strategic investments, and that included about $200 million of buyback in Q2. That's sort of a -- and we earn our way into the $15 billion of investment capacity over time. So you need to own it to spend it. As we look at our capital uses around the system, Athene is growing more rapidly than we thought. And $1 of growth in Athene is highly accretive in terms of export through FRE and SRE. And then we also believe that $1 of capital spent to buy back stock is also very accretive given our earnings expectations. So I think, Alex, you'll see us do both. It's a balance. Part of the balance is the role that beta [ph] plays as the equity [indiscernible], which is -- which provides important leverage to earnings without capital. So we will return in the early part of next year with more around what we expect the capital return plans to be. But I think you should expect us to see us do both lean into growing Athene because it's highly accretive and buy back stock. And then at the same time, we will continue to look at strategic growth alternatives around the system, including some of what we've done this year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning, folks. Similar to AAA, similar question on Apollo Realty Income Engine Solutions, the new non-traded REIT product, can you talk about how you see that being differentiated in a market where more of these products are beginning to come out? And then maybe just also a comment on the retail sort of risk off behavior that we are seeing in the market? How are these conversations resonating? And do you expect -- do you think you need a risk on behavior to accelerate sales in the retail channel? Or do you think your story will really resonate as a differentiator and therefore, generate organic growth based on that?
Scott Kleinman: Yes. This is Scott. I will answer both of those. On the real estate product, we believe we do. Like every investment product we have, Apollo takes a slightly different approach than the rest of the market. A more value-oriented purchase price matters approach really seems to be early resonating with some of the channel partners that we've been talking to as we get this product launched. So I actually do think we have a differentiated product that should start to gain some real traction. As far as the market itself, the Global Wealth and retail market, look, fortunately for us, we are starting our journey this year in many of these products. So we have only one direction to go, which is up. And so while we do know that others have reported, I think, some suppressed or depressed volume levels, that's not what we are seeing right now. We are moving in kind of an up and to the right type of trajectory. I think it also helps the fact that we are building these portfolios today in a '22 rate environment and asset value environment where we are not loaded with, what I'll call, top of the market, huge asset purchase is top of the market in '20 and '21. And that I think investors see as a real opportunity to put dollars to work and then start putting dollars to work in a really attractive way. So all in all, like I said, we feel really good about where we are headed, albeit starting from a much lower base than others. Feel really good about where our global wealth business is headed.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Benjamin Budish of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Budish: Hi, there. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about the disclosure on the annualized outflow rates in the insurance business. It looks like the policyholder driven withdrawals hasn't -- the rate in the quarter, it wasn't really changed over the last 12 months. I'm just curious how that kind of compares over a longer time horizon? And then you mentioned some kind of seasonality with the maturity driven contractual outflows. I'm just curious if the normalized rate should look more like the 2.5 or so we saw over the last year? Or you could kind of give any color on that, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Martin Kelly: Yes, Ben, you're exactly right on the first piece. So I think of this as sort of contractual or within our control is sort of one category. That will be more volatile. And then there's policyholder driven, which is sort of behavioral. And the policyholder driven, you should always expect that there's some amount of policyholder withdrawals and outflows. And we had a 7% annualized rate in the quarter. We had a 7% annualized rate for the last 12 months. It's in line with our plans. And policyholders access their policies to get cash for a variety of reasons, that's just part of the business. So we are not seeing any real change in that relative to history or our expectations, and that's the higher focus point. The contractual is a combination of both some particular funding agreements maturing. And we were in the market, as I mentioned, buying back funding agreements during the quarter, and that was sort of a decision that we made. So that number -- funding agreements tend to have a shorter duration to them. And so you do need to be in the market issuing funding agreements, and we will access that more fully when the market is there. But we're much less concerned about that. That's a market where we're a leader in and we've got good names and spreads. We've provided that extra disclosure on behavioral surrenders to provide more clarity and sort of comfort around that piece of the outpost.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gerald O'Hara of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Gerald O'Hara: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Perhaps a tough one, but clearly a strong quarter from a transaction fee environment or a transaction fee, I guess, reported number. Is there anything you can sort of give us a sense of where the baseline for this might be? Or perhaps just kind of what to look for in terms of kind of puts and takes from a backdrop in the environment to kind of help us build this on a go-forward basis?
Scott Kleinman: Yes. Look, so as I alluded to in my prepared comments, the transaction fees are inherently -- there is an inherent up and down in that business line. But I would think of it more as an upwardly sloping sign curve, right? In any given quarter, I can't tell you does the transaction close on this side of the quarter or the far side of the quarter. But I do know, given the scale and breadth of what we've been building that we are step functioning the volume and capacity -- the capacity to earn and generate fees on an increasing basis. And so we do see that trajectory moving. As you know, we put out a 5-year target of $500 million of revenues. As Marc alluded to, we will be right around $400 million for this year. So we are moving that upwardly -- we are moving up that slope, I'd say, even quicker than we had originally anticipated and expect that to continue to chug along. So like I said, it's a -- you can't predict any one transaction in any one quarter, but as your breadth and volume grows, you do see that trend of upwardly sloping.
Operator: And that concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I will now return the floor to Noah Gunn for any additional or closing remarks.
Noah Gunn: Great. Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning and for your continued interest in Apollo. If you have any questions on anything we discuss on today's call, please feel free to reach out to us, and we look forward to connecting with you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-04 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Management Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. During todays discussion, all callers will be placed in listen-only mode and following managements prepared remarks, the conference call will open for questions. Please limit yourself to one question and then rejoin the queue. This conference call is being recorded. This call may include forward-looking statements and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to Apollo's most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Apollo will also be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call; which management believes are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in Apollo's earnings presentation, which is available on the company's website. Also, note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest of any Apollo fund. I would now like to turn the call over to Noah Gunn, Global Head of Investor Relations.
Noah Gunn: Thanks operator and welcome again to our call this morning. Earlier today, we published our new earnings release and financial supplement on the Stockholders portion of our website. Additionally, for those who are able to tune-in live, we have the presentation and video replay of the Retirement Services business update we hosted in June available on our website. For the second quarter, we reported recorded quarterly fee-related earnings of $341 million or $0.57 per share and spread-related earnings of $442 million or $0.74 per share, which together totaled $783 million or a $1.30 per share. We also reported normalized SRE of $535 million or $0.89 per share which was also a record and increased 10% quarter-over-quarter. In total, we reported adjusted net income of $566 million or $0.94 per share. Joining me this morning to discuss our results in further detail are Marc Rowan, CEO; Jim Zelter, Co-President; and Martin Kelly, CFO. With that, Ill now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Rowan: Thank you, Noah, and good morning. This is among my favorite weeks. It's the week when our next class of associates join Apollo and we do our best to integrate them into our firm and our culture. And it's also a good chance for us just to step back and really synthesize for them the things that make our firm unique. And there are three that I always focus on. The first, our business, in fact, our industry, is built on the proposition of excess return per unit of risk. We're not in the AUM business. We're not in the fee business. We're in the business of providing clients excess return per unit of risk. So, long as we do that, the business will take care of itself as it has this quarter and throughout this year. The second, and it's a very different proposition than almost anyone else in our industry, we are an aligned investor. Our retirement services balance sheets through Athene, Athora are among the largest investors in each of our products, side-by-side with our third-party institutional and retail clients. Alignment is something unique in our industry and is something of great comfort to our clients, particularly during periods of market volatility. And finally, and I know it will bring a smile to people in this room and elsewhere, we do one thing really well, purchase price matters. Purchase price matters is a philosophy that starts with the protection of principal and is embedded in absolutely everything that we do. We approach our credit business, purchase price matters. We want to be top of the capital structure, senior secured. We approach our equity business in that we want to buy growth, but we don't want to pay for it. So we're prepared to work hard. The reality is purchase price matters as strategy has allowed us to play offense in every corner of our business this quarter, and it could not have been a better quarter in terms of execution and strategic progress. I'll do a quick tour of what I think were the highlights of the quarter, and then Jim and Martin will certainly add to it. As Noah stated, record FRE for the quarter, you should expect FRE to accelerate in the back half of the year and into 2023, consistent with the estimates we provided to you in our Investor Day back in October. Record SRE, particularly on a normalized basis this quarter $36 billion of inflows. The calendar was a little bit unkind to us and did not include a first close on Fund X, which would have added $13 billion to this total, but make no mistake that will show up in next year. This morning, we also announced the multibillion-dollar launch of S3, our GP and LP solutions business. We launched this quarter our first, next-generation global wealth product, Apollo aligns alternatives, which I will spend some time on throughout this call, record fees from Capital Solutions. We have a very clean book. We have zero hung deals, zero losses, and this is an amazing time to actually put on risk when everyone is retreating from risk. Let me turn to Athene for a moment. Athene averaged $900 million plus per week of inflows across all channels. Volume is interesting, but they're coming at near record spreads. Business in the second quarter produced 110 basis points of pre-tax net spread. We're able to do both the volume and the spread while actively upgrading the portfolio due to market volatility. The quarter was also incredibly important milestone. We added a Moody's rating of A1 now puts that alongside our A+ from S&P and our A+ from Fitch. Athora also had an absolutely amazing quarter. We announced a sizable transaction in Germany, which will close at some point next year, we believe. We also closed a deal in Italy this week, which will add about $5 billion of incremental fee-paying AUM. We added a new CEO, Mike Wells, Jim will touch on that. And you should expect us to do a sizable capital raise in the second half of this year, further bolstering Athora's firepower and growth. There is no entity in the European market that will have raised anywhere near what Athora has put together in terms of its capital base to become the premier consolidator in the European market. In terms of investment performance, PE outperformed the S&P 500 by 1,100 basis points in Q2 and more than 2,200 basis points year-to-date. The Athene alt return, which represents a subset of what we do, a more downside protected was plus 6% in Q2 versus minus 66% annualized for the S&P. A differentiated and downside protected portfolio is exactly what we want on a regulated balance sheet. In our yield business, directed origination strategies were very strong contributors to the quarter. And as you recall, the vast majority of what we do in yield is top of the capital structure senior secured. In markets like this, we do some of our best work and $40 billion of gross capital was deployed across our business in Q2. Turning now to the three bets, capital solutions I've already touched on, and I know Jim will go into detail. Suffice it to say, coming into the market with a very clean book without any exposure, gives us a lot of firepower at a point in time when everyone is pulling back. In origination, this is just a good time to originate assets. We originated $21 billion this quarter, $100 billion year-to-date, and we are a reliable source of financing when public markets and, in fact, private markets often do not cooperate. To give you a sense of how this is impacting some of our platforms, take our mid-cap, mid-market senior secured lending platform. For this half, there's 16% return on equity compared to low teens historically. This reflects a lot of firepower, a lot of capital, the absence of competition. We closed 17 new deals across 12 new relationships in June alone, first half origination volume, $9 billion, up 25% year-over-year. If I look at Wheels Donlen, which is our fleet leasing platform, our initial investment in Wheels Donlen was $2 billion of AUM in the first quarter of 2021, pro forma for the announced acquisition of lease plan and other growth during the year we should close the year out at more than $7 billion of AUM across this platform. Finally, our transaction to purchase Aqua, another platform focused on home improvement, particularly solar, also closed last week, business is performing well. Let me move now to global wealth. We are a scaled player in the global wealth business. We've been through with metrics over a period of time. Our brand is resonating across the global wealth platform. If I step back and think about where the industry is, we are in very, very early days. If you think about what we, as an industry, have offered the global high net worth community thus far, we've offered them REITs, BDCs and private funds, essentially the same product set we have offered for more than 20 years. Not much new has been created to this -- for this market. The growth in this market, despite the older product set has come as a result of institutional level of fees being offered to high net worth for the first time. And technology and market understanding, which have made the products more accessible, more approachable and more easily digestible by global wealth systems. We clearly will offer REITs, BDCs and private funds and have successfully been doing that across our platform. And I know Jim will touch on some of that. But our desire here is to be positioned in this market as a thought leader and as an innovator and to create products, specifically for this channel that really seek to eliminate friction points that historically have kept this channel from really embracing alternatives. This quarter, right at the end, we announced the launch of AAA, Apollo Aligned Alternatives. This is designed with the individual investor in mind. What we seek to do in AAA is to produce equity-like returns, with fixed income-like volatility. AAA represents 180 different positions, which have been put together over the past 13 years, which have a very fine track record and represent the entirety with some limited exceptions of Athene's equity accounts. Essentially, an individual investor gets to invest side-by-side with Apollo and Athene across its balance sheet in a way that is fully diversified, no J-curve, no two levels of fees, complete alignment, no capital calls. In a nuanced way, this is private, and it is equity, but it is not private equity. This is not a replication of levered buyout or a private funds. This is fundamentally a replacement for S&P core equity holdings within an investor's allocation. Something to touch on that I said last time, we view this market alternatives in a very, very broad way. We view alternatives as nothing other than an alternative to publicly traded stocks and bonds. Historically, the alternatives universe has been looked at in the context of private equity or hedge funds. We're now in the context of REIT and BDCs. I believe, when we step back and really contemplate what we, as an industry, and we, as a firm, are capable of here, the definition and therefore, the addressable market is just much, much larger. We launched this product with $15 billion of invested or committed capital, $10 billion off the same balance sheet, $1.5 billion from Sumi Trust, which we announced at the end of July, and a sizable commitment from an Asia-based institutional investor, and a high net worth money manager. Early conversations with global wealth are very encouraging. I believe that this has the potential to be the largest fund across the Apollo platform by this time next year. But the hard work now begins for us to educate the market and really show the market how this product can be used as a core equity replacement product, forming the bedrock of a high net worth retail investors' equity portfolio in place of their S&P 500 exposure. Continuing on in Global Wealth. The acquisition of Griffin in all its various iterations is now completely closed. The integration is complete. Momentum is very positive. Solid fundraising year-to-date for our real estate interval fund, which now stands at $7 billion of AUM, we could not be more pleased with how seamless the Griffin acquisition has gone. Let me also touch on ADS, our private market BDC. Again, off to an amazing start, particularly considering the macro backdrop, almost $1 billion of inflows in Q2 against less than $2 million of redemptions. More than half the portfolio is now invested in directly originated loans as of the quarter end and the opportunity to put capital to work, where the market has taken a risk off point of view is offering us really on interesting opportunities at very nice spreads at very low LTVs. At the end of the day, this does, as I've often said, all come down to people. Nearly 100 new people joined Apollo in the second quarter, some key hires, head of family office, head of insurance, third-party insurance marketing, head of digital assets, all of whom, I believe, will be well known to you and other constituents as the months go by. These are truly outstanding people whove seen in Apollo, what all of us see. We are at a size and scale where we are capable of doing anything, but we are small enough to still behave like entrepreneurs and to run our business around the principles of excess return per unit of risk, of aligned investing and of purchase price matters. I would expect on a go-forward basis, the pace of hiring will slow down. We are scaled. That does not mean we will not hire. We will still grow. But the vast scaling that we needed to do to accommodate our ambitious plans, which we set out at Investor Day has largely been completed. Culture for us is very important. We are an in-office culture, we are back -- those who have visited us in-person often remarked theyre shock at just how active in-person our office is. As I've said to some of our competitors, there's nothing like feeding people three meals a day to get them in the office. We have, for the past decade and longer, followed purchase price matters. We did not chase the hot dot. We never forgot that the business of investing was not just about reward. It was also about risk. I believe that is being perceived by our institutional clients and by our retail clients; and we are being trusted as good and responsible stewards of capital. We completed an off-site this week. Jim, Scott, Martin, myself and others. It was about as optimistic and confident as I could convey. We fully expect that the business plan that we laid out for all of you in October of past year is well within our reach of doubling AUM, doubling earnings and generating $15 billion of cash flow over the five-year period as per our Investor Day comments. With that, let me turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Zelter: Thanks, Marc. Our second quarter results showcase that virtuous flywheel effect we're witnessing across our business as it relates to capital formation, debt origination and deployment. We generated very strong quarterly inflows of $36 billion, including $24 million from asset management and $12 billion from retirement services, and the quarterly total would have been nearly $50 billion if included in the recent Fund X commitments that Marc cited. Our debt origination engine continued to source attractive investments during a very volatile and uncertain time in the public markets, generating $21 billion of volume. And across the platform, gross deployment totaled $40 billion in the second quarter and $175 million over the last 12 months, which demonstrates the scale and breadth of our investing capabilities. There's a lot of great things to talk about across the firm right now, so my remarks this quarter will take you on a highlighted tour around the franchise. But first, I'll start with an important reminder. Many of you know that we have built our business to be resilient and excel in times of market dislocation. We manage long-dated and perpetual capital for our clients, we have a proven ability to find and create value, and we can diligently wait for opportune windows to monetize investments. As Marc highlighted, our approach is grounded in purchase price matters, i.e., price discipline, and the downside protection mentality that permeates everything we do. In moments like this, where levels of uncertainty are high and market volatility is elevated, we often will put significant amounts of capital to work as we did in the second quarter. We see a growing pipeline of attractive investing opportunities to deploy the $50 billion of dry powder we have across our yield, hybrid and equity investing strategies. Starting with yield, our cautious positioning at the top of the capital structure, primarily in senior secured positions has driven broad outperformance across our funds this year. Our direct origination strategy is appreciated by more than 3% in the second quarter, while corporate credit performance has held up well versus comparable benchmarks. With traditional sources of financing stepping back in mid heightened volatility, we're seeing tremendous deal flow in our pipeline of near-term demand is quite robust. As spreads have widened, we've moved up to this spectrum to generate the same attractive returns. For example, spreads on new issue large-cap private direct lending investments are now exceeding 650 basis points over SOFR. Year-to-date through July, we've committed to 11 transactions of at least $1 billion in size, demonstrating the scale and certainty we can provide our clients in turbulent periods. We've also issued nine CLOs and opportunistically purchased over $1 billion of investment-grade CLO tranches this year-to-date, for both our retirement services clients and other accounts with yields approaching 8% to 10% for AA to AAAB risk when considering original issue discounts that are infrequently available. We're also seeing tremendous opportunity for our hybrid funds as strategies that provide equity like upside with structured downside protection are becoming more and more effective. Our hybrid value franchise, in particular, proved quite resilient with our first vintage appreciating 1% in the second quarter, and we held a final close for a Cohort 5, raising approximately $2 billion of capital in just a few short months. The deployment pipeline has grown quickly as companies are seeking bespoke solutions in this environment, and we expect to have a very active second half of the year. Interestingly, the collapse of growth equity markets has created a unique financing opportunity and challenge for once highly valued companies. We are aiming to capitalize on the dislocation for providing preferred equity and creative debt structuring. This is how purchase price matters mentality approaches the growth equity market. Turning to equity. Our pipeline of investment opportunities is strong, and we expect to deploy a meaningful amount of capital from our flagship private equity funds in the coming months. We have approximately $1 billion of remaining capital in Fund IX to deploy before the fund is fully committed. In terms of successor, as of today, we have received $13 billion of commitments for Fund X representing more than half our total target of $25 billion. We are currently seeing strong support from both existing and new institutional investors, especially from outside the United States and expect to raise a record amount of capital from the growth global wealth channel. Despite the frequently discussed congestion dynamics in the market, we believe we are offering a differentiated product, and we remain confident in meeting our targets. Financially, we expect to benefit from a step up in FRE when we turn on Fund X, which we currently expect will be sometime in the fourth quarter and all capital raised subsequently, will earn catch-up management fees from the commencement date. Moving to Retirement Services business, Athene is built to withstand market disruptions and prosper through them. Like our asset management business, we are not a current period profit maximizer and instead manage Athene to possess significant capital flexibility and ample liquidity. This is exemplified by its $3.2 billion of excess equity liquidity and nearly $8 billion of cash within the portfolio at the end of the quarter. This posture allows us to be positioned offensively and defensively at the same time, and we view the current backdrop as a terrific environment for the business to grow. Athene provides customers value-generating savings product with principal protection features that have the durability to perform through stress, and we sleep well at night knowing that business is highly stable, predictable and almost entirely supported by investment-grade rated assets. Within Athene's IAG structured security allocation, you'll find the CLO portfolio, particularly resilient. For example, we believe BBB rated tranches issued today can we stand in annualized default of the underlying loan portfolio of approximately 11% for each of the five years, without being impaired. For those interested in more information, we provided an in-depth analysis on Athenes investment portfolio, including helpful insights on structured securities as part of our retirement services, business update from June that Noah mentioned. The attractiveness of Athenes product suite in a rising rate environment was also in full display in the second quarter with record quarterly inflows of $12 billion, underwritten to attractive returns. Athenes retail annuity channel benefited from higher demand with record quarterly inflows of almost $4 billion, and application submissions nearly doubling year-over-year. Second quarter activity also included a $4.3 billion pension group annuity transaction with Lockheed Martin, the largest deal of its kind in the industry so far this year, and we see a strong pipeline for that channel heading into the back of the year. Clearly, Athene's earnings power is growing in the current environment, and its balance sheet is not exhibiting any signs of stress from undue credit risk or unexpected withdrawals. There have been a couple of recent updates on  at Athora, our retirement services business in Europe. And in July, Athora announced that the appointment of Mike Wells as group Chief Executive Officer, subject to regulatory approval. Mike is a well-respected seasoned leader within the industry, most recently serving as a CEO of Prudential Plc. Also in July, Athora announced a transaction with AXA Germany and expect to close on an annuities portfolio currently now valued at $19 billion by the end of next year. This transaction adds strategic scale to Athora's German business, which is Europe's second-largest retirement services market with nearly $1.2 trillion in reserves and an actionable pipeline of sizable transactions. To assist in their continued growth ahead of the deal close Athene expects to participate as an anchor investor in an equity raise for Athora in the second half of this year. The AXA transaction and the planned deployment of the proceeds from the upcoming capital range are expected to drive meaningful AUM growth for Athora over the next couple of years. Moving to our key strategic growth initiatives, our origination ecosystem is proving increasingly valuable in a period of rising interest rates and tightened liquidity. Over the last 12 months, our origination volumes totaled $100 billion, as we laid out in Investor Day, and included a higher proportion from proprietary origination platforms in the second quarter. Within the context of market weakness and dislocation, we're taking measured steps to opportunistically grow the ecosystem in line with our longer-term goals. For example, we had recently announced the acquisition of lease plan, and subsequent combination with Wheels Donlen to create a unified fleet management platform. This is a prime example of our platform strategy, acquire expertise, bolt-on tangential capabilities, and organically built scale. Pro forma for the lease plan integration, we expect fleet platform originations to total approximately $3 billion annually. Our Capital Solutions business, or ACS, had an outstanding quarter with record quarterly transaction fees of $103 million, showcasing our ability to step in with private capital when other sources of liquidity dry up. The full alignment we share with our Retirement Services balance sheet, augmented by our strategic partner, Mubadala, is proving to be a meaningful differentiator or financing counterparties since we can execute more transactions with greater scale uncertainty than ever before. Our value-add in this environment is resonating with third-party clients who want to own pieces of what we do side-by-side with us through managed accounts or syndication. One of our recent signature ACS transaction was a $2 billion financing for New Fortress Energy to form a liquefied natural gas maritime infrastructure platform. Over the last 24 months, we have grown our partnership in New Fortress from an initial $800 million loan into a comprehensive financing partnership. The transaction initially started as an equity investment from several pools of capital within our broader sustainable investing effort. But when third-party financing markets shut, we pivoted internally and provided $1.5 billion of debt financing via our ACS platform. When most capital market participants would have stepped away, we were able to complete our first ever fully financed debt and equity transaction in a one-stop solution, while providing flexible scale capital with certainty of execution. As you heard us talk about before -- we are actively working to bring yield, hybrid and retirement services capabilities in new geographies. We took an important step in the second quarter and announced the launch of our new Asia Pacific credit strategy with $1.25 billion in assets, including a $500 million anchor investment from Hostplus a large superannuation fund in Australia. This commitment reflects the growing demand in the region for capital solutions from non-bank lenders with local expertise and origination capabilities. Earlier, market on a couple of newer product creation within our global wealth platform, but we've also taken an important step within our existing product suite to help further democratization of finance. Earlier this week, we announced transformative changes to accelerate the transition of our publicly traded BDC, Apollo Investment Corp. into a pure-play senior secured middle-market BDC by an equity investment for MidCap, our largest origination platform. We view this change as a unique opportunity for individual investors to participate side by side we're the largest institutional investors in the world. To enable this shift in strategy, we're reducing fees for the BDC to industry-leading levels effective January 1, 2023. We -- the portfolio transition and rebranding are now taking place, and we are excited about the future of this vehicle alongside our broader global wealth platform. As content sometimes speaking about last quarter, we're seeking compelling growth opportunities in areas of white space that are tangential to some of our strongest and largest businesses. Earlier this morning, we announced a cornerstone commitment from a long-time strategic partner, Abu Dhabi Investment Authority or ADIA as part of a broad $4 billion of new commitments to launch a platform dedicated to GP and LP solutions, which we're calling sponsor and secondary solutions or short as three. Our goal is to provide a comprehensive set of secondary and fund finance capital solutions, including private equity, credit and real asset secondary investments, net asset value loans, GP lending, staking and much more. We've already been active in this space having committed or deployed more than $13 billion of capital to transactions of this nature over the last 12 months, and we think we're uniquely positioned to grow the business over the long term. Now, all the exciting developments I just walked through was just a highlight to work, which should indicate that we are busier than ever and see immense opportunity for the Apollo franchise to thrive in this market. I'll pause there and hand it over to Martin to discuss our financial results.
Martin Kelly: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Echoing Mark and Jim sentiment, second quarter results highlight the resiliency of our earnings power in a period of heightened market dislocation and volatility. Before diving into the details of the quarter, I'd like to offer a few contextual points around this theme of earnings resiliency. First, our fee-related earnings continue to be driven primarily by management fees earned, as the investment manager for our suite of investment strategies and perpetual capital vehicles. Year-to-date, nearly 85% of our fee-related revenue was comprised of management fees, while only 2% was comprised of more volatile fee-related performance fees. We have de minimis sensitivity to changes in interest rates or spreads, which we've previously highlighted. In a quarter, where equity markets declined by 16%, treasury sold off by 12% and spreads widened, we experienced only an approximate 1% drag on our management fees from market-driven declines. And despite investments that we've been making around the platform in preparation for our next leg of multiyear growth, we're doing so in a margin-conscious way and maintaining a high level of efficiency with an FRE margin level above the peer average. Next, our spread-related earnings are highly durable and possess all weather characteristics since they are largely generated by the performance of hold-to-maturity, investment-grade, fixed income assets, exceeding a predictable and persistent cost of funds, a simple financial model with massive strategic benefit. Over the past eight years, SRE has had a 90% correlation with FRE and historical credit losses have been below industry average, amounting to single-digit basis points per annum. Furthermore, the amount of Athene capital supporting SRE generation will decline over time, due to the increasing usage of third-party CCAR capital via ADAV [ph] given the attractiveness of this earnings profile to sophisticated institutional investors. Given all these factors, it's clear that spread-related earnings are both highly resilient and highly attractive. Turning now to results for the quarter. Total AUM reached a new record of $515 billion at the end of June, increasing 9% year-over-year, driven by robust inflows from both asset management and retirement services. Sequentially, AUM increased modestly as strong inflows of $36 billion were offset by $16 billion of unrealized mark-to-market depreciation, $11 billion of which related to Athora as well as $8 billion of normal course outflows from Athene and Athora as well as $7 billion of realizations. Our fee-generating AUM, which is less sensitive to changes in market values increased by $5 billion on a sequential basis. Importantly, Athene and Athora are spread-based businesses with duration matched assets and liabilities, and therefore, higher rates or wider spreads do not negatively impact profitability, but instead temporarily reduce AUM. Inflows from our asset management business totaled $24 billion in the second quarter and included $8 billion of financing across several strategies such as credit strategies, Accord V, Accord Plus, total return and several yield managed accounts as well as some of our newer funds, namely AAA and Asia Pacific credit. We also added $8 billion of yield AUM and $6.5 billion of yield fee-generating AUM from our acquisition of Griffin Capital's U.S. management business, which closed in early May. Looking to the second half of the year, we expect AUM will benefit from approximately $20 billion of identified inflows before consideration of organic growth from Athene and other asset management fund raising. We expect these identified inflows to include initial commitments for Fund X, additional third-party commitments for AAA and a sizable seed investment from Idea for our S3 platform launch, which Jim just mentioned. Second quarter FRE totaled $341 million or $0.57 per share, increasing 7% year-over-year. Fee-related revenues increased 14% year-over-year, demonstrating solid growth despite market weakness. Management fees totaled $522 million and included $16 million of fees from the acquisition of Griffin Capital. As Jim noted, transaction fees reached a new quarterly record of $103 million in the second quarter. Compensation and non-compensation expenses increased sequentially as the impact of the Griffin acquisition and a higher firm headcount continues to flow through our run rate cost base. Entering the back half of the year, we have a visible pipeline of fee-related revenue growth driven by increasing management fees, including the commencement of Fund X sometime in the fourth quarter, as well as stronger transaction fees expected in the second half relative to the first half from our ACS business. We also expect expenses in the second half of the year to continue to increase as we near the end of our accelerated growth phase. We're highly confident in meeting our $2.35 per share FRE guidance for 2022, as we initially outlined at our Investor Day, and which included lower growth in the first half of 2022 and higher growth in the second half. Looking to 2023, we expect fee-related revenue growth to exceed 20% due to broad-based momentum across our established businesses as well as traction in newer growth initiatives at both Mark and Jim outlined, coupled with operating leverage improvements as the pace of investment spend and hiring normalizes. Moving to our Retirement Services segment, we generated SRE of $442 million or $0.74 per share in the second quarter, which represents a net spread of 95 basis points as a percent of average net invested assets. Normalizing our alternative returns to 11% as we did in the first quarter by normalizing down to 11%, and excluding certain notable items, SRE was $535 million in the second quarter, equivalent to a normalized net spread of 115 basis points. On a sequential basis, our normalized net spread increased by 7 basis points, primarily from higher net floating rate income. As we've discussed before, this earnings accretion from rising rates demonstrates the counter cyclicality of Athene's business model, and we expect the benefit of higher rates to continue to ramp through SRE. Athene's alternatives portfolio generated a 6% annualized return in the second quarter, which was very resilient in light of a 66% annualized decline in the S&P 500 and an 11% annualized return in the first half of the year, in line with our normalized return assumption. Athene's alternatives portfolio is highly diversified and constructed to generate equity-like returns with significant downside protection. About half of the portfolio is invested in Apollo and other fund investments, which have a 10% annualized return in the second quarter. This strength was primarily from Athene's investments in real estate that benefited from cash flow-related property-specific updates. Specific -- sorry, strategic origination platforms, which comprise about a quarter of Athene's portfolio returned 7% in the quarter as several of our investments continue to perform well given the contractual and predictable nature of the underlying assets. The remaining portion of the alternative portfolio contains strategic retirement services investments, which had a 3% annualized return despite drag from one public position. Retirement services industry observers are generally aware of an accounting policy change through this approaching next year called Long-Duration Targeted Improvement or LDTI. While other companies may experience significant impacts to their balance sheets with the implementation of LDTI, we do not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material effect on our results or capital levels given recent purchase GAAP accounting adjustments made in conjunction with the Athene merger close. Turning to principal investing, we reported PII of $20 million or $0.03 per share in the second quarter. We recognized realized performance fees of $151 million. For the first half of the year, our PII comp ratio equaled 57% and is trending towards our long-term target of between 60% and 70%. Given continued weakness in the public markets, we expect monetization activity will remain light in the back half of the year, which will likely result in PII for 2022, below our target of $1 a share on average over the. We're using our overall strong cash flow generation to capitalize on the current equity market dislocation. As part of our five-year plan, we expect to generate $15 billion of capital to use for shareholder value creation, including $5 billion to fund the base dividend, $5 billion for strategic growth investments, and $5 billion for dividend growth and opportunistic buybacks. During the second quarter, we spent approximately $230 million to repurchase 4.3 million shares from our opportunistic share purchase reauthorization. This repurchase activity served to offset the 3.9 million of shares issued related to our acquisition of Griffin Capital. We will continue to evaluate the benefit between allocating capital towards opportunistic buybacks and long-term investments in view of our share price. We feel very comfortable with our liquidity position in this macro backdrop. At the end of the quarter, our net balance sheet value was $2.1 billion or approximately $3.50 per share, which included cash and equivalents of $2 billion. Our financial strength was further validated by third-party rating agencies over the past few months. In May, Fitch upgraded Athene's ratings from A to A+, reflecting a vote of confidence in our earnings outlook and capital strength. And in July, Moody's assigned strong first-time investment-grade ratings to both sides of the business, A1 for Athene's insurance subsidiaries and A2 for Apollo Asset Management. Within their assessment, Moody cited Athene's strong market positioning and capital levels as well as the scale, breadth, and performance of our asset management business. We view these assessments as an important third-party validation of the financial strength of the combined franchise and the enhanced financial flexibility we possess together. And with that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr from Evercore ISI.
Glenn Schorr: We're interested in the AAA product. I wonder if I could ask a couple of quick follow-ups on fee structure, liquidity and K1 1089. And then how the securities put over -- at what marks is there a third party involved? Just curious on all that. Thanks so much.
Marc Rowan: Glenn, thank you. It's Marc. I will be somewhat circumstant to what I can say, because we're not -- this is not a marketing of AAA. But suffice it to say, that essentially what investors are being allowed to do is to invest side-by-side with a roughly $10 billion portfolio of 180 different investments that have been curated specifically for Athene over the past 12 to 13 years. In terms of porting them over and the valuation, Athene has produced audited financials and NAV for as long as we've been having these conversations. And in fact, there are visible marks in every quarter. And so, you should assume that everything was ported over at NAV. In terms of liquidity, for Athene and for institutional investors, they are coming in, and they are essentially not -- they're agreeing not to take liquidity for up to five years. For Athene, as you know, we expect Athene's participation in this to go from roughly $10 billion to $20 billion over the next five years, just based on the forecast of Athene provided at Investor Day. For investors who want more liquidity, there is a slightly higher fee structure and liquidity is limited to 5% per quarter at NAV across the vehicle. Keep in mind that this is a replacement for equity rather than private equity. It has the characteristics on the benchmark, it's benchmarking against the S&P, with historical volatility level more consistent with fixed income. So hopefully, that met -- answered all your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Bailey: Actually, Ryan Bailey on for Alex. So regarding the $13 billion that was committed to Fund X, you're expecting record contribution from the global wealth channel. Can you help us think through how much of that $13 billion was reserved for distribution partners? And does it reserve mean the same thing as a typical commitment? And maybe if you could just -- if you could give us some color on who are those distribution partners were sort of categorically that would be very helpful, too, please.
Marc Rowan: Well, let me just say that the vast, vast majority is the institutional channel, which we know and which historically been part of us, a non-material amount was the non-traditional institutional channel or the global wealth channels. There's four parts to that. But historically, whenever we've gone out to the global wealth channel, they've all come back with commitments well in excess of their allocation. So the big picture is really $13 billion. The big picture is really the institutional business has driven us. Now certainly, as we talk about Global Wealth playing a larger part of our fundraising from 5% to a larger portion over time, this they are participating in Fund X, but it's really an institutional story like it always has been.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler from BofA.
Craig Siegenthaler: Good morning, everyone. My first one is on cash flow. I'm curious how much capital did you dividend up to Apollo from this three at the insurance entities in relative to the $442 million of spread-related earnings?
Martin Kelly: Hi Craig, it's Martin. So we're using the same frame that we outlined last year, which is $750 million per year. So we're just clipping away that each quarter, Athene is clearly very profitable in generating cash flow, but it's also growing significantly. And so we would expect that level of cash flow upstreaming to continue at current levels. And we'll evaluate that from time to time. But Athene has massive growth opportunities in front of us, and that's contributed to the $24 billion of inflows so far this year.
Marc Rowan: Craig, assume it's just evenly over four quarters.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt from Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: Good morning. Thanks. My question is on capital. I guess, Marc, do you still view the stock as the best use of capital here and through that lens as 2Q? Is the 2Q run rate a good guide for what you can do per quarter as long as the price is slow?
Marc Rowan: Look, we -- I don't want to think we're unique. Every management team thinks their stock is undervalued. We particularly think our stock is undervalued, and we had the flexibility this quarter to buy it back, and we did. As I've said previously, one needs to earn the money to spend before you get to spend it. So we have a framework that we think about in terms of capital allocation, which Martin went through, which is roughly $5 billion for the existing dividend, $5 billion allocated to growth and $5 billion, which we have the potential to be flexible on. And clearly, at these current levels, as there's no lack of unanimity in the room, our stock is the best place for that capital.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: I have a bunch of questions on Triple A. I'll just limit it to a couple for now and get back in the queue if they're not answered subsequently. But maybe just -- to be clear on the investment strategy for this, is this very similar to the Athene portfolio that you profile on page 16, so kind of targeting, say, 11% normalized return, and then maybe any commentary on how -- if that's not the case, how this might be managed differently, such as like having a dynamic allocation feature? And then if you're able to talk about the performance fee structure at all in terms of just how we should be thinking about if this grows like you say, Marc to be the biggest fund, how it could be adding to performance fee related fees. And I imagine it's very different for the institutional classes versus the retail classes?
Marc Rowan: Let me start in reverse. It's not very different. What's interesting here is our approach to this. This is a fund that we started down the road to create for high net worth. And the concept here was to really do something that the market had never seen before. No capital calls, no J curve, $10 billion of aligned capital, some liquidity for high net worth, no liquidity for institutions, no two layers of fees. Athene as a large institutional investor, you should assume strikes the hardest bargain and is generally the lowest fee payer. So we start with the notion that we should not charge fees on top of that. And that the investor should have the single best experience. The way that manifests itself in terms of positivity for our business is, we had $10 billion of capital that is now $15 billion of capital, which is accelerating our investments in platforms accelerating our investments in co-invest, accelerating our investments in new funds. And the underlying economics are simply passed through. It's a flywheel. This is how we scale our business. What was interesting? Although we've done a product for retail, along the way to the retail launch, three very large institutions thus far, have concluded, that this actually meets all of their needs. Diversification by vintage and by product, and no capital calls, no two levels of fees. And so we are fortunate to be able to launch the product with $15 billion of commitments, 10 million in-house and five from three large institutional investors. I'm very optimistic as to how this goes. But like every retail product, it's now up to us to implement and to prove success. I also like that our benchmark here is not private equity. Private equity, as I've said previously, is a fabulous business, but it is not infinitely scalable. What I like about this, is we have lots of opportunities to scale it, because the return targets while I'm not advertising are much more consistent with premiums to S&P 500 and premiums to where we have assumed a normalized rate of return rather than something that begins with a two-handle or high-teens. So hopefully, that's sufficient.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rufus Hone from Bank of Montreal.
Rufus Hone: Oh hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to come back to the Global Wealth business, and I appreciate your comments on AAA, but -- you've talked about one to two new products per quarter for several quarters. And I was curious how does that pipeline look? And what products are you particularly excited about beyond AAA? Thank you.
Martin Kelly: Sure. Thanks for the question. So when we were in Investor Day last year, we really talked about having -- we talked about products really in two big buckets: perpetual products and episodic products. And at that period of time, we arguably had three to four products, one in the perpetual area, Apollo Debt Solutions and a couple more in the episodic. Turning the clock forward to 2020 where we are right now. We really have almost nine products in the perpetual, probably a handful more in the perpetual trade. People also may recall that when we did the Griffin transaction, we inherited a couple of vehicles. So really, the product set is growing. It's fraud. We're making sure there's a theme here that that Mark has mentioned we want to obviously execute on what has been proven to garner demand, some yield in BAC [ph] and re-products, but we have a variety of a broader approach that we're bringing, so Very, very happy with not only the feet on the ground in wholesaling and product creation and selling agreements. But the product set is really
Rufus Hone: Investors think about the investment, maybe what it competes with as an asset class? And is there any sensitivity there to credit spreads moving in and out?
Marc Rowan: Again, it's Marc. I'll start at the rest. The answer is no. We run a matched book and we offset the liabilities that we take on in the retirement services business with fixed income at roughly the same time we take them on. Changes in credit spreads do not matter. The initial ADP [ph] was for $3.25 billion. ADP has performed extraordinarily well.  As I sometimes joke with some of you, those in particular, who have had a more negative view of retirement services. It's such a negative business that investors compete and pay us fees to be able to invest in retirement services. We expect to go out and raise a successor to ADP fees and where ADP won based on the success and performance of ADP-1, which is well ahead of the benchmark promised investors and would expect that the fund would be somewhere in the $3.5 million to $5 million range, consistent with how we see growth in the retirement services sector in the US.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gerry O'Hara from Jefferies.
Gerry O'Hara: Thanks for taking my questions. I guess with respect to the allocation to alternatives within the Athene portfolio. This is clearly proving to be a strong diversified return stream. So curious if there's any consideration of increasing that allocation? And then I suppose on a related basis, is there any concern of increased regulatory oversight as clearly some of your peers have taken a similar approach? Thank you.
Marc Rowan: So the answer is, we historically at Athene have run a 95% plus/minus fixed income book, of which better than 90% of that is investment grade. And there is no plan to deviate for that or to take increased exposure to alternative investments. In terms of regulation, retirement services is a regulated business. We have, over the past 12, 13 years, developed the expertise to operate in this business and fully expect to continue to operate in the manner and the methods by which we've operated to date. I think there has been a significant tuition paid, over a better part of a decade, which others who would like to do what we have done are going to need to pay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski from Oppenheimer.
Chris Kotowski: Mine were asked and answered. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Beatty from UBS.
Adam Beatty: The question, I want to ask about organic growth in Retirement Services. The business update you pointed out, the historical kind of ability and willingness to shift the emphasis among the four different channels based on prevailing conditions. So assuming your overall target is still good for this year. I'm just wondering, given the distinct backdrop that we have right now, where you're seeing opportunities and where maybe you're hanging back a little bit more? Thank you. 
Marc Rowan: Look, the two strongest channels are clearly the retail fixed annuity channel, which is going as strong as it has ever gone. I mean, I think Jim or Martin cited that applications are up 100% year-over-year. Record quarters -- record weeks almost every week. The other place we're seeing really strong growth is in pension group annuities. The tick-up in rates, the tick-up in spreads have given those entities that were close to being able to close out an older retirement plan, a greater ability to do that. And we're watching that very carefully and had a very strong first six months. We're also seeing good progress on reinsurance, particularly on the flow basis. The one engine that you would expect that is not firing is the FABN market, which is negatively impacted by higher rates and higher spreads. But there's been plenty to do. And the numbers, as you know, are well beyond the record year that we had last year and continue to be very strong, and they're actually quite strong across the industry. This has been a pretty good year for the whole sector. Although, if you don't have lots of excess capital, you're not really able to take full advantage of it
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt from Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: My follow-up was asked. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank. 
Noah Gunn: Brian?
Operator: One moment, while the participants line loads. His line will be opened momentarily.
Noah Gunn: We can move ahead to the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr from Evercore ISI.
Noah Gunn: Glenn?
Operator: Pardon me one moment, while his line loads.
Noah Gunn: Maybe that's a good place to end it, if we're experiencing technical difficulties. On behalf of our team, I'd just like to thank everyone joining for joining this morning and for your continued interest in our business. Of course, if you -- as usual, if you have any follow-up questions on anything discussed on today's call, please feel free to reach out to us. And we, of course, look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-05 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Management's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. During todays discussion, all callers will be placed in listen-only mode and following managements prepared remarks, the conference call will open for questions. Please limit yourself to one question and then rejoin the queue. This conference call is being recorded. This call may include forward-looking statements and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to Apollo's most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Apollo will also be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, which management believes are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in Apollo's earnings presentation, which is available on the company's website. Also, note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest of any Apollo fund.  I would now like to turn the call over to Noah Gunn, Global Head of Investor Relations.
Noah Gunn : Thanks, operator, and welcome again to our call this morning. Earlier today we published our new earnings release and financial supplement on the Investor Relations portion of our website. We will also post a financial supplement on the Athene Investor Relations website in the coming days, which provides historically disclosed information on Athenes balance sheet and investment portfolio. Additionally, we plan on publishing a new quarterly investor presentation on our website in the near future.  As you can see, our first quarter results reflect our post-merger financial construction illustrating the strong combined earnings power of Apollo and Athene. For the first quarter, we reported fee-related earnings of $310 million or $0.52 per share and spread-related earnings of $670 million or $1.12 per share. These two earnings streams combine to total $980 million in the first quarter or $1.63 per share as the business demonstrated strength and resilience amid a period of macro volatility.  We also reported normalized spread-related earnings of $488 million or $0.81 per share to provide a supplemental view of this important and valuable earnings stream. As we move into a new era of financial reporting post-merger, we noted in a recent 8-K filing that we were going to rename our primary non-GAAP metric from distributable earnings to adjusted net income.  This name convention better aligns with our dividend policy, as well as the broader financial services universe. This change had no impact on our historical financial results or construction of what has historically been DE. For the first quarter, we reported adjusted net income totaling $915 million or $1.52 per share.  Joining me this morning to discuss our strong results in further detail are Marc Rowan, CEO; Scott Kleinman, Co-President; and Martin Kelly, CFO. Given that we published a new package for you this morning, and our prepared remarks, they run a bit longer we will do our best to be as efficient with your time as possible and look forward to answering all your questions. With that, Ill now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Rowan : Thank you, Noah, and good morning to all. Needless to say we are pleased with the first quarter results. As you know, during the quarter, we completed the merger with Athene. In a period of great volatility, the merger preceded seamlessly as did the closing of the financial statements. As Noah mentioned, the first quarter results showcased the combined earnings power of the business.  The trends that we are seeing in the marketplace, specifically rates up and volatility historically have been very good for our business, particularly as it relates to spread-related earnings, which is biased to the upside with rising rates as I am sure Martin will detail in his remarks.  FRE, SRE, spread-related earnings and robust inflows position us to meet or exceed our 2022 financial targets in the aggregate, and each of the pieces. Martin again will take you through that in detail in his section. So as Id like to think about the strength of the alternatives business, the purpose of the alternatives business is to produce excess return per unit of risk.  For us, purchase price matters as an investment philosophy permeates everything we do. Pricing and valuation are important for return generation really for the first time in about 14 years. As you see in the results, our PE portfolio was up 8% versus minus 5% for the S&P 500 and minus 9% for the NASDAQ. The era of being able to achieve results on the back half of declining rates and increasing liquidity I believe to be at an end separating alpha from beta. Our approach on purchase price matters is resonating with clients in this macro backdrop. Purchase price matters is not only a tool that we think about in the equity business. As I suggested it permeates everything we do. In our hybrid business, by giving away a portion of the upside and protecting the downside, we express purchase price matters.  In our yield business, our yield business is primarily driven by senior secured, top of the capital structure, investment-grade and floating rate. Purchase price matters even in the yield business. We began 2022 with tangible progress against the three goals, three bets essentially that weve made to power the company over the next five years. Origination, retail and capital solution. In origination, volume for Q1 was some $22 billion and runrating at a $100 billion. Recall that our five year target is to push that on a runrate basis to $150 billion.  We completed acquisitions in the quarter of PACE, Foundation and Newfi. These are platforms, platforms you should think of as permanent origination. In our industry, we spend a lot of time talking about permanent capital, permanent origination is just as important as permanent capital. We positioned ourselves as a scaled solutions provider executing deals with speed and certainty.  Two of that Id like to mention for the quarter, Aldar, a $1.4 billion commitment, its one of the largest foreign direct investments in Abu Dhabis private sector, investment-grade primarily; SoftBank, some $5.1 billion, investment-grade. These are the kinds of transactions in the originated marketplace that allow us to provide our balance sheet and our clients excess return per unit of risk even against the backdrop of a volatile market.  Let me turn to Capital Solutions next. Capital Solutions had a pretty good quarter even against the backdrop of market volatility. We are well positioned to deliver on the 2022 growth targets notwithstanding whats happened in the first quarter. The Q2 pipeline is incredibly strong and very encouraging.  As you know, we announced the strategic partnership with Mubadala to capitalize on these origination activities augmenting the volume of origination and syndication activity we can now execute. Again, a very good start for the year and I expect we will meet or exceed the targets we have in Capital Solutions. Again, recall, in our five year plan that weve projected $500 million of revenues over the five year period or I should say at the end of the five year period.  Let me turn to Global Wealth. Judging by the reporting coming out of the earnings season for the alternatives peer group, whats happening in Global Wealth seems to be of interest to the analyst community and to the marketplace and it should be. We made meaningful progress against Global Wealth and our objectives in Q1.  We added 125 dedicated employees bringing our total employment in Global Wealth to a 145, I believe to be the second largest global wealth team amongst alternative peers. Team alone is going to define success. Here, the acquisition of Griffin, which will be completed in all facets in the second quarter is an incredibly exciting partnership, were off to a very good start and we expect to see significant progress.  Apollo Debt Solutions, our private BDC continues to enjoy fundraising traction and we expect to expand and internationalize distribution over the year and the quarters as we continue to deploy and we see strong demand across a variety of wealth channels, particularly RIAs.  Let me spend a minute and talk about how we see the global wealth market. First, I think I need to backup and I need to define what we believe to be an alternative. An alternative to us is simply an alternative to publicly traded stocks and bonds. That definition encompasses an incredibly large marketplace versus a definition historically that where alternatives have been thought of as private equity and a variety of very opportunistic products.  We like those products. Those products are the foundation of our business but the market for alternatives is broader than perhaps we even imagined. I believe you will see the global wealth market develop along two lines over the coming years, one will be against the backdrop of traditional definitions of alternatives. Think of that as private funds. Think of that as BDCs. Think of that as REITs.  In many instances, these products have been in the marketplace for decades, but for the first time are being offered to clients at its institutional fee scales and with ease of access through technologically augmented implementation and with a much better understanding at the end-client of the purpose and of the value behind these products. And needless to say, clients really like them. Weve seen tremendous take up of alternatives using that definition over the past few years. But I believe that there is a broader market. And the broader market really will help clients deal with what I would say is their traditional portfolios to the extent a high net worth client might have been following a 40-60 portfolio or a traditional, I believe that they will struggle in the coming years with volatility in rates, indexation in markets, volatility of equity to meet their retirement needs.  You will see us focus on the next generation of products later this year. We intend to launch the first of a generation of products specifically created for this marketplace. We are focused not just on alternatives but on equity replacement. I could see today in the not too distant future when a clients portfolio is not 10% or 15% alternatives, but its 50% alternatives.  Alternatives under the definition of an alternatives to publicly traded stocks and bonds. We believe that alternatives exist from double A to equity and our job is to bring those products to market and offer clients excess return per unit of risk. Most clients can afford to take some amount of liquidity risk across their portfolio. The product set that we envision is large, and scalable and coming soon.  Culturally, this has been an amazing quarter. What we are doing, what we are saying is resonating in the professional services marketplace. This is incredibly critical to attract and retain talent. For the first quarter, we hired 185 new Apollo employees, turnover is down and satisfaction is up.  To close, the optionality in our business is huge. Weve made meaningful progress on our strategic growth initiatives in a relatively short amount of time and we have some exciting developments in capitalizing on white space opportunities in front of us.  I will now turn the call over Scott to provide you with some detail on these developments and also cover key drivers of our Q1 results. 
Scott Kleinman: Thanks, Marc. Our business is built to withstand and even thrive in times of macro volatility and market disruption. This was most clearly demonstrated by our strong first quarter investment performance, which is underpinned by purchase price discipline and downside protection, as well as a focus on investments in companies with strong cash flow generation.  As Marc mentioned, our overall private equity portfolio outperformed the S&P 500 by 12% in the first quarter and our long-term track record remains very strong across our flagship strategies. Fund IX appreciated 15% during the quarter, which was substantially all driven by EBITDA growth. Similarly, on a life-to-date basis, approximately 90% of the value creation achieved by Fund IX has been from EBITDA growth.  As of quarter end Fund IXs inception-to-date performance is a stellar gross IRR of 52% and 34% net showcasing the significant alpha we are capable of generating for our clients. As it relates to Fund X fundraising, we continue to feel very confident in meeting our $25 billion target.  Despite some congestion in the private equity fundraising market others have cited, as well as the impact of the denominator effect on LP appetite for additional private equity exposure, we are still seeing solid support from our existing LP base and new commitments from an array of investors including the global wealth community. We believe our differentiated strategy and strong investment performance are setting us apart in this current volatile markets backdrop.  Additionally, yield strategies held up very well during the quarter amid higher rates and wider credit spreads with direct origination and corporate credit strategies outperforming their benchmark indices by 350 basis points and 70 basis points respectively. This outperformance was driven by both higher allocations of floating rate securities, as well as superior individual credit selection.  We continue to believe the yield-oriented funds we manage are well-positioned for sustained period of higher interest rates. We apply the same discipline  excuse me, the same emphasis on price discipline downside protection and excess return generation in managing Athenes investment portfolio. Our ability to produce excess spread comes from moving out the liquidity spectrum, not taking incremental credit risk.  As evidence of our focus on underwriting and credit quality, its worth noting that Athenes historical credit losses have only amounted to seven basis points over the last five years. Additionally, 95% of Athenes fixed income portfolio is invested in investment-grade securities. During the first quarter, we remained active in deploying Athenes balance sheet cash into attractive investments with a weighted average yield on total fixed income purchases exceeding the Triple B corporate bond index.  Recall that we benefit from a structurally low cost of funds, given that we built Athenes business during a decade of historically low rates. The assets supporting these funds are generally matched from day one allowing us to lock in attractive spreads. Weve allocated a portion of these assets to floating rate investments that will benefit from rising interest rates as Martin will discuss later.  Additionally, weve constructed a differentiated alternatives portfolio comprising 6% of Athenes assets. In the market environment we saw in the first quarter with equity market volatility, rising rates and inflation, Athenes limited exposure to public equities and sizable allocation to strategic asset origination and retirement services platforms, as well as diversified credit, real estate and natural resource investments drove meaningful outperformance.  In particular, we expect the things investments in origination platforms to increase in value in a rising rate environment coupled with tighter liquidity conditions.  Switching to deployment, periods of dislocation and volatility also provide opportunity to put capital to work and our low cost of capital allows us the flexibility to be responsive and opportunistic in our deployment activity. With equity valuations normalizing and borrowing rates rising, we are engaging in an increasing amount of strategic dialogues with companies looking for ways to fund their growth via creative capital solutions.  We are also seeing opportunities arise from liquidity-driven dislocations, particularly in leverage finance and the convertible bond market. Total gross deployment, which is a measure of our aggregate investing activity totaled $48 billion in the first quarter, which included $6 billion from drawdown deployment. Following a quieter fourth quarter, we were active in making new commitments for Fund IX, including our pending investments in Tenneco, Novolex and Ingenico to name a few.  At the end of March, Fund IX was 90% committed or invested. We have $2 billion to $3 billion of dry powder left to deploy from Fund IX before we would need to commence the investment period for Fund X. Origination activity, as Marc mentioned represents the alpha generating investments we source across our debt business.  Strength in the first quarter origination volume was driven by more traditional origination activity such as commercial real estate debt lending and CLO debt. This was complemented by origination activity from platforms including our scale to middle market direct lending business and more recent additions such as Wheels Donlen and Newfi.  In terms of capital raising, inflows of $31 billion in the first quarter were robust and diversified bringing our total inflows over the last 12 months to $91 billion. Inflows from asset management totaling $19 billion in the first quarter included $12 billion from broad based fundraising activities in several strategies including a court 5 total return Apollo debt solutions hybrid value and our new capital markets partnership among several others.  Inflows from retirement services totaled approximately $12 billion in the first quarter, the second highest quarter of organic inflows Athene has generated to-date. The business continues to source attractive profitable growth that has the dual benefit of growing fee and spread-related earnings. Its worth highlighting that we now raised over $7 billion of AUM for high-grade alpha managed accounts.  The underlying clients of which are third-party insurance companies, which we believe validates the alpha generating strategy we employed for Athene on a day-to-day basis. Based on our strong first quarter fundraising results, we feel comfortable meeting or exceeding our previously communicated $80 billion organic inflow guidance for 2022.  Importantly, inflows from our global wealth platform accounted for more than 10% of asset management fundraising in the quarter, double our historic average. As Marc alluded to, we are building a tailored product suite across the risk reward spectrum that is purposely designed for this market and expect to launch one to two new retail products every quarter over the next 18 to 24 months.  This includes our non-traded direct real estate income vehicle, Apollo Realty Income Solutions or ARIS, which publicly filed the registration statement with the SEC in April. We are also seeing significant institutional overlap with products that were designed for the global wealth market, which we believe to drive upside to our fundraising targets this year.  As Marc mentioned, we are seeing momentum in several of our newer end scaling strategies including total return, credit secondaries, Apollo Debt Solutions, as well as our third-party insurance business. As these initiatives trend favorably, we are also continuing to invest in several growth opportunities and bring in outside talent and resources where appropriate in order to capture the white space opportunities around our core capabilities.  These adjacencies will seek to expand our product set where we believe we have a competitive edge and could drive meaningful upside to our long-term growth trajectory. During the first quarter, we announced the launch of a comprehensive sustainable investing platform focused on financing and investing in global energy transition.  We view the energy transition opportunity as a cross-platform endeavor harnessing the talent of investment professionals, not only from our equity platform but across our yield, hybrid, infrastructure and natural resource franchises.  Our platform is targeting to deploy $50 billion in clean energy and climate capital over the next five years with the opportunity to deploy over $100 billion by 2030. While these figures may seem large, its really only a drop in the bucket. By comparison, we expect financing in the decarbonization of industry to require approximately $5 trillion per year in capital investment over the next twenty years.  To advance these goals, we are planning on raising dedicated capital vehicles. We are in the process of marketing a climate finance fund and expect to launch an energy transition equity vehicle later this year. Expanding and broadening our secondaries platform is another one of our strategic priorities given the scalability of the business and large growing opportunity set.  The ecosystem we are targeting is broad and dynamic and extends beyond the traditional definition of LP secondaries. We are building out a comprehensive toolkit including continuation vehicles, GP and fund financing, as well as credit secondaries to address the needs of this market holistically. We are focused on adding talent and scale to these newer initiatives and have recently made strategic hires with experience in the equity secondaries market to augment our existing talent and capabilities.  Given the progress weve made so far, youll begin to see us raising and deploying significant amounts of capital across this platform in new and non-traditional ways. In Asia, we continue to see massive untapped potential to bring our yield and hybrid strategies to this market, particularly in Japan, Australia and India.  One of our most seasoned senior colleagues is leading our expansion into Asia and we are also hiring talent on the ground. Our leadership team is increasingly engaged with insurance companies, banks and pension plans across the region who are interested in our retirement service solutions and fixed income replacement capabilities.  And lastly, as I mentioned at Investor Day, we see significant white space opportunities from bringing together the broader Apollo platform with best-in-class sector expertise in areas where we dont have a historic footprint, particularly as we enter what we expect to be a period of extended market volatility.  As always, we approach all new opportunities with a purchase price matters mentality and believe adding specialized intellectual capital across our yield, hybrid and equity strategies will bring new capabilities to the broader Apollo ecosystem.  We are beginning to partner with leading high quality companies possessing these capabilities that will be accretive across the platform. By way of example, as you saw with our investment in Motive last year, we chose to partner with them due to their FinTech expertise to explore investment opportunities and potential new capabilities that we otherwise would not have pursued.  Weve been working on a number of exciting things and expect to announce several partnerships in the coming months in areas such as life science, software and hard tech.  With that, Ill turn the call over to Martin, who will discuss our financial results in detail. 
Martin Kelly: Great. Thanks, Scott. Our first quarter results represent a really solid foundation for our next chapter as a large and more profitable monopoly. Following our merger with Athene, our earnings power is greatly enhanced. The durable and recurring nature of fee and spread-related earnings is a powerful and highly valuable combination that we believe will be increasingly appreciated as we execute on the interactive financial plan we presented last October.  For the first quarter, we reported fee-related earnings of $310 million or $0.52 per share, which increased modestly year-over-year reflecting higher revenues and increased cost associated with investing in our business for growth as both Marc and Scott mentioned. Importantly, fee-related revenues from professional capital represents over 50% of our total fee revenue providing enhanced durability and compounding growth potential of this viable earnings stream.  Management fees increased 11% year-over-year, driven by robust and broad based inflows from retirement services, institutional and retail clients, as well as strong deployment activity in funds that earn management fees on invested capital.  While the quarter included some catch-up fees in yield, we expect further management fee growth for our yield strategies over 2022, driven by our focus on origination of differentiated assets through our platforms. We held the final close for our Griffin acquisition last week which adds two integral funds totaling approximately $6.5 billion of fee-generating AUM.  Griffin has continued to see growth in total sales from its real estate and credit funds since the acquisition was signed last December.  First quarter advisory and transaction fees of $64 million increased 16% year-over-year, but faced some sequential pressure from low overall capital markets activity in the first quarter as Marc mentioned. Capital Solutions activity has picked up so far in the second quarter with transaction fees runrating at a higher level compared to the first quarter.  Turning to fee-related expenses, the year-over-year increase reflects our continued investment in talent and the previously communicated rebasing of our non-compensation cost structure in 2022 following the expansion of our global team and including higher occupancy and technology costs necessary to support the firms next leg of growth.  We expect to continue growing into a higher runrate expense level, as we progress throughout the year consistent with the trends we outlined at our Investor Day. With that said, we expect to generate positive operating leverage as we enter 2023 as the pace of expense growth slows.  Moving to our retirement services segment, we generated spread-related earnings of $670 million in the first quarter or $1.12 per share, driven by a net investment spread of 186 basis points and translating to a net spread of 148 basis points. Our SRE reflects the impacts of purchase accounting whereby we were acquired to mark-to-market the assets and liabilities on Athene's balance sheet at the date of the merger close. This resulted in a rebasing of our fixed income investment yield, cost of funds, and financing costs.  The net one-time impact to our net investment spread was a two basis point benefit in the quarter. The primary driver of our particularly strong SRE results was an elevated asset yield and specifically the portion derived from alternative investment income.  94% of Athenes investment portfolio is invested in fixed income securities and our SRE includes the effective yield on these assets. The remaining at 6% of Athenes portfolio is comprised of differentiated downside protected alternative investments which are marked on a quarterly basis.  In the first quarter, income generated from these alternative investments was above the long-term trend of 12% producing an annualized return of 17%. Recall that the construction of this portfolio is strategic origination and retirement services platforms as well as Apollos fund investments principally equity and hybrid.  Since the vast majority of this portfolio is not tied to public equities or technologies specifically, its not surprising to see outperformance relative to the public equity markets. You can see the high level composition of the portfolio on Page 15 within our earnings presentation. Within this portfolio, performance from strategic origination platforms was particularly strong and generated 11% annualized return.  These businesses have spread-based characteristics and as Scott mentioned benefit from a rising rate environment. As weve been emphasizing proprietary and recurring asset origination is an extremely important differentiator for us. We hold these investments in these origination vehicles through Athene, which provides a capital-efficient structure effective of earnings assets for Athenes investment portfolio and frees up capital at the holding company level for other strategic growth investments.  Strategic investments in other retirement services businesses also performed well. These are also typically spread-based businesses that generally benefit in a rising rate environment and include investments such as Athora, Venerable, Challenger and FWD. These investments generated a 17% annualized return during the first quarter.  And lastly, the performance of investments in Apollo and other managed funds was the largest source of strength generating a 19% return for the quarter. Every sub asset class component of the fund investments contributed to the result with real estate outperforming in the  amid inflationary trends and complemented by appreciation in private equity and natural resources funds.  Given the typical quarterly fluctuations in Athenes alternative returns, we also present normalized SRE assuming a constant return of 11%, slightly below Athenes long-term average of 12%. We also normalized for certain notable items generally related to adjustments to long-term liability assumptions, which can vary favorably or unfavorably from period-to-period.  We do not recognize these items as recurring income until thats clearly becoming a trend. Assuming normalized alternative returns of 11% and reducing for certain notable items, SRE would have been $488 million in the first quarter translating to a normalized net spread of 108 basis points on a net basis. As Scott mentioned, our earnings benefit from rising rates given that Athenes has invested in $37 million of floating rate securities, and only has $11 billion of floating rate liabilities.  Approximately, 60% of the net floating rate exposure is tied to three month LIBOR with the remainder split between one month and other basis. Due to the timing of resets relative to the timing of rising spot rates, we experienced only a modest earnings benefit from higher short-term rates in the first quarter. In dollar terms, we expect every 25 basis point overall shift in the curve to drive an additional $30 million to $40 million of annual SRE.  If the forward curve materializes as of April 30, we see approximately $0.30 per share of upside to SRE in 2022, specific to a benefit from higher rates.  Our retirement services business creates a locked in liability cost other than relatively small reserve adjustments for changes in expected behavior at the tail end of the contracts. For GAAP reporting, we are required to recognize the interest rate and current spread changes on assets supporting the insurance contracts that we are not committed to recognize similar changes on the associated liabilities.  Our reported GAAP loss in the first quarter was driven by interest rate driven unrealized investment losses on fixed income securities held through reinsurance. For comparability and consistency, our SRE metric adjusts for this specific treatment on reinsured assets.  Lastly moving to our principal investing segment, weve reported principal investing income of $187 million in the first quarter or $0.31 per share. We realized performance fee generation which relatively light in the quarter in view of turbulent markets. Our current two flagship private equity funds, Funds VIII and IX remain planned to monetize the portfolios when we feel the market backdrop is opportunity to harvest.  Realized investment income included $206 million from realized gains on the transfer of the majority of Apollos GP investments. This portfolio was transferred to Athene in the first quarter and we expect it will soon be transferred to a fund managed by Apollo including third-party capital to support fund-raising in a new strategy.  We know that we are now presenting halt curve and other financing costs as a separate line item on our income statement outside PII. We estimate that PII in 2022 will align with our multi-year forecast of approximately $1 per share on average excluding interest and financing costs over the next five years.  Now turning to capital, we spent $325 million in the quarter to repurchase shares to offset diversion with respect to employee share deliveries in line with our plan to immunize our share count from equity-based compensation.  Given the recent dislocation in our stock, we are actively evaluating opportunistic share repurchases, as part of our announced share repurchase program, while continuing to balance investing in interesting investments such would accelerate our growth profile over the long-term.  We utilized approximately $150 million of capital from the holding company on strategic investments in the first quarter primarily for our investment in case. Athene ended the quarter in a strong capital position with $7.3 billion of deployable capital including $3.3 billion of excess equity capital, $2.9 billion of untapped debt capacity, and $1.1 billion of dry powder in the paid up side curve.  At the end of the first quarter, our net balance sheet value was $2.5 billion or $4.22 per share, which included cash and equivalents of $2.2 billion. In line with our fixed dividend policy, we declared a dividend of $0.40 per share in the first quarter.  So to wrap up and to echo Marc, our first quarter results set us up very well for a strong year of growth. We are excited to share the progress we continue to make executing our long-term strategic plan in the coming quarters.  And with that, Ill turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open. 
Glenn Schorr : Hi. Thank you. I just want to touch on one of the last things you mentioned and get the big picture and just need a little more color to fully understand the big picture of what you are moving in the $5 billion from power management to Athene to funds? What is happening and what does that do for you at the highest level? 
Martin Kelly: So, hey Glenn, its Martin. Its not $5 billion, its much less than that. Its a portion of the existing GP investments. You will notice that the balance sheet went down significantly. Most of that drop is related to the merger.  The investment we had in Athene obviously goes away on consummation of the merger. So, what we are moving is a majority of the GP sites that we are in funds that we manage and then moving to a vehicle which we expect will occur in the second quarter to support a third-party capital-raising initiative. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Finian OShea from WFS. Your line is now open. 
Finian OShea : Hey everyone. Good morning. Can you talk a bit about how the  how rising interest rates is impacting the outlook for high-grade origination?
Marc Rowan: Look, its Marc, Ill start with the balance sheet and then well talk about origination. So, as Scott mentioned in the call, when Athene or quite frankly any other retirement services company assumes a liability, it matches it with assets and we so-called AOM matching. There is a portion of that that needs to be reinvested over a period of time representing the profit on the contract.  When people talk about AOM matching, they are talking about matching an asset and the liability, but profit to some extent is unhedged and therefore if you are putting assets on the books in a rate environment that are higher than the rate environment when you assume the liability that is generally a positive.  In addition, what weve seen is, a benefit from floating rate. Now your specific question as it relates to origination, generally what we have seen is the  at the newly underwritten product is being underwritten in the context of higher rates and yet our funding cost on these platforms are relatively sticky, so weve seen expanding margins across the platform.  To the extent rising rates, and just to give you a sense in the  through I guess, the last week, the investment-grade market was off 17%. Its made people gunshot and weve seen this across most public credit markets to the extent there is dislocation in public credit markets, we are a better more secure, more definite source of capital. All of those things benefit on average we are better off with rising rates. 
Scott Kleinman: Yes, I would just chime in that, yeah, as Marc said, the origination teams are as busy as theyve ever been. So, the rising rate environment, the tightening of the liquidity environment is making things even more attractive. 
Martin Kelly: Right, with further benefits that are seen with the floating rate assets and higher rates increases the origination of annuity products. So, its a benefit around the whole system.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. 
Alexander Blostein : Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for the question. Also maybe a little bit of a bigger picture question around just capital allocation priorities here. The stock have been under considerable pressure here relative to kind of either the insurance comps at or the asset management comps at. You guys are generating substantial amount of capital and have lots of excess capital.  I heard, both Marc and Scott talk also about different kind of new investment opportunities and I guess, sounds like acquisitions maybe on the asset management side or in the origination side. I guess, how do you weigh those inorganic opportunities against the buyback at these share prices? 
Marc Rowan: Lets do it at the highest level and just to give you  its Marc, by the way, context from the Investor Day. We said at Investor Day that we expect to generate $15 billion of excess capital over the next five years. $5 billion to support what well call the base dividend, $5 billion for investment in the business and $5 billion that we would use opportunistically either to invest or for buybacks or for dividends, I think Martin said it best given where the stock is, we expect to use a portion of that to buy back stock.  The stock is very attractive from our point of view. Now, one needs to actually generate the $5 billion to be able to spend it, but one can argue that probably the highest and best use of our excess capital is our own stock. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. 
Unidentified Analyst: Hey. Good morning. This is [Indiscernible] here standing in for Michael. I just wanted to ask a quick question about  get an update on retail and get an update from the resources you are deploying in the channel and how you anticipate those results and the headcount expanding from here, maybe talk about the folks that come across from Griffins. So how to expect that to trend from here?
Scott Kleinman: Yes, sure. Look, as Marc mentioned in his comments, weve seen over the last year headcount go from about 25 to about 145. That gives us a really strong footing for both our high net worth as well as RIA channels to be able to  to support that, as well as the product development capabilities, you heard Marc talk a bunch about the new products that we are going to be bringing.  All of those things right, the pipes, the product and the technology are critical to being successful in the retail and global wealth channel. From here, we will continue to grow as appropriate, I think the rate of change will come down meaningfully, but there is still more ground to cover as we are learning there is always more ground to cover in the retail channel.  But couldnt be more excited about where things are headed and I would expect quarter-after-quarter you are going to see new product announcements from Apollo and the scale of capital raising continuing to ramp in that channel. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt from Autonomous Research. Your line is now open. 
Patrick Davitt: Morning, everyone. A follow-up on that you said one to two products a quarter over next 12 to 18 months. Should we think that to mean there is an expectation that these new products will have a media distribution and placement in wire houses et cetera? Or should we expect the usual lag to getting those products placed? 
Marc Rowan: Look, I think you are going to see the product set have immediate distribution placements. Some will be directly into wire houses, some will be directly to RIA. And I think, the thing I want to make sure I communicate is, a view that  we really, we view this as really the first inning. Whats happened to-date across the entirety of our industry has been the repurposing of existing products for this channel at institutional fees.  The next phase of this is products created specifically for this marketplace that deal with the unique needs of this marketplace, diversification, no J curve, no double fees, no capital cost, semi liquid, full alignment. Thats where we believe this market is going and again, Ill come back. We have as alternative managers often talked about our business in historical context where we are in the small alternative bucket be it private equity and a number of things like it.  At our Investor Day, we sought to broaden that definition to show you that we view alternatives, particularly in the yield marketplace to include investment grade. I believe the way we think about the product and the way we communicate the product is investors have had a relatively benign experience over the past decade against the backdrop of money printing which has existed since 2008 and falling rates.  On a go-forward basis, to the extent the market does not look like that, I believe that there will  investors will be challenged and will be revisiting in wholesale, the notion of 60-40, 40-60 portfolio. Our ambition is not to just serve a traditional alternatives bucket, it is to serve stable value, investment grade, total return, opportunistic, REIT, BDC, hedge and equity and to offer a complete alternatives ecosystem guided by the notion of excess return per unit of risk. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert A Lee from Keefe Bruyette & Woods. Your line is now open. 
Robert A Lee: Great. Good morning, thanks for taking my questions. Maybe the first one, this is going to be a alternative investment portfolio, so, and just maybe digging a little bit deeper, with the 46% of the assets that are being in some type of platform whether its the retirement services origination platforms, is it reasonable to think of the SRE from those or the earnings from those platforms just being actually pretty stable quarter-to-quarter over time.  So that there is actually a pretty healthy kind of  you always had a pretty healthy stable base of revenues that throughout the last  at least by that 46% allocation? 
Marc Rowan: Yeah. Thats exactly the point. These platforms are businesses that  that are producing origination flow for the underlying retirement services, fixed income portfolio and then the equity of those platforms are whats in the alternatives portfolio.  As those businesses continue to grow, as we continue to invest in those platforms, you are seeing just pretty stable scaling earnings growth in those platforms. You can see as some of the trends weve highlighted a few on Page 16 of the earnings slides. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rufus Hone from Bank of Montreal. Your line is now open. 
Rufus Hone : Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to come back to the global wealth business and it sounds like you expect a pretty meaningful inflection in the rate of growth there over the next call it, two to three years.  And with a lot of new product launches in the pipeline, will most of these be in the broader retail or its definition you mentioned? Or will it be in the more traditional retails bucket? Or thats slightly more competition like private BDCs and private REITs and so on? And do you expect this will primarily still be a high net worth market in three to five years or do you think the market opens up more substantially over time? Thank you. 
Marc Rowan: So, its Marc, Ill start and then Ill hand it to Scott. All I can say is, yes. I know that thats not clarity, but recall how  in Investor Day, how we based our business. Weve set out a five year plan which includes raising a total of  having total AUM of roughly $50 billion at retail over the five year period. I believe that target is a very conservative target and I am optimistic on our chances to be able to exceed that.  How the market develops? I think we have to have some bit humility in looking forward. Product launches are notoriously complicated and we will see broad market acceptance. If you ask us for opinion, I think the market will be in the short-term high net worth. It will be balanced between or the competing traditional definition of alternatives as well as newer definition of alternatives.  And it is our job to differentiate our products on the competitive marketplace around the way we offer these products, the creativity with which we offer these products, the alignment that we will have with retail investors around these products.  And as Scott mentioned, purchase price matters. To the extent we have a vision of alternatives making up a much larger portion of a portfolio that will necessarily include the expanded definition of alternatives and consumers, be they high net worth or otherwise we will need to see all that they are making secure choices and not buying just volatility. 
Scott Kleinman: Yeah, no, I would just add what Mark was alluding to, right, as this market develops, of course, its going to start with the traditional definition of retail products that are truly institutional quality products, but offered to retail in a more attractive fashion.  But we have something that others dont have which is the combination of Apollo and Athene bring together balance sheet and alignment, product development capabilities that are extremely suited to the retail environment and those are the type of products that you are going to be seeing in the short to medium term, as well as some of the more traditional retail products. So, I hate to repeat Marc, but the answer is yes. Its an all of the above answer. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gerald O'Hara from Jefferies. Your line is now open. 
Gerald O'Hara : Great. Thanks. I think, Marc, you actually touched on a little bit within the SRE construct, but perhaps you can help us unpack a little of the kind of thematic drivers of the almost 8% private equity carrying value return in the quarter, obviously quite strong and just would like to hear a little bit about how that tend to be? Thank you. 
Marc Rowan: Yeah, yeah, look, this goes back to purchase price matters, right. Our PE business has built its portfolio along the lines of acquiring good cash flowing businesses where we can drive real tangible value to those businesses through earnings growth, through cost savings, through cash flow. And so, and not really dependent on rising valuations to get out at meaningfully higher values than where you entered.  So, in Q1, we saw exactly that, notwithstanding inflation that is very real in the economy. Wage inflation and materials inflation, logistics inflation, the underlying strengths of the underlying businesses allowed for price increases to continue to offset that inflation and continue to grow output. So, I mean, thats the fundamental strategy that Apollo has been pursuing for the last decade.  It hasnt been sexy over the last decade, but certainly as we enter this new economic regime change, where you cant just rely on declining or 0% rates to allow you to exit at ever increasing multiples. This is exactly the type of performance I would expect to be seeing in this type of environment. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski from Oppenheimer. Your line is now open. 
Chris Kotowski : Good morning and thank you. I guess, I wanted to go back to the retirement services and a multi-part question. I mean, first is, what is the rational for reporting on a normalized spread alternative income basis as opposed to just letting the chips fall where they may? And then, secondly, how should we think about the  go back to Roberts question, the return of the alternatives portfolio over time.  In that, I mean, you were up this quarter a number of the other alternatives showed positive returns, so fine. So, this quarter, it was not correlated to the broad markets though when we look back at the first two quarters of 2020, when the public markets were negative, we also saw Athenes alternative portfolio negatively marked.  So we have this situation where sometimes the returns are seem to be correlated  or at least related to the public market comps and other times they are not. So, how should we think about the underlying returns of the old portfolio over time? 
Marc Rowan: So, this is Marc, why dont I start and then Ill hand it to Martin. And I hate to be somewhat financially oriented about this. But when Athene or any other retirement services company takes on a liability, it matches it with a portfolio of assets. 94%, 95% of those assets are fixed income and 4%, 5%, 6% of those assets are alternative in a nomenclature.  We can debate whether they are alternatives and which definition implies, but call them equity. As a quirk of accounting in the insurance industry, fixed income for certainly for regulatory purposes and otherwise is generally held at market assuming it held at book, held at cost. And the reason for that is simple. Movements in interest rates really assets and liabilities almost equally.  And while in some instances, you end up showing the mark the economics and the substance of the underlying is, you are putting an asset a liability matched on to a book over an 8, 10, 12, 15 year period. What happens in any one quarter is actually not really all that relevant. We recorded because thats what GAAP asks us to do, equity is marked on a quarterly basis.  So we show you both. We show you what actually havent and then we show you what we think of on a normalized basis, which is how we underwrite to make our spreads work, we assume that we will earn 11% over a very long period of time from this portfolio and we provide you the metrics to judge whether or not we in fact are earning 11% over a long period of time against this portfolio, but truly what happens on a quarterly basis is just not that relative. 
Martin Kelly: I would only add that this is calling practicing the retirement services business and we are being pretty explicit in showing the math to get to non-voice metric, but as Marc said, we are showing both. And I think the chart on 16 is actually pretty instructive and in the sense of, it is  its not a volatile portfolio. Look at the show up ratio and look at the deviation relative to the comps that we are showing. It really proves that its a very durable portfolio at the time. Thus its supporting a durable spread based earnings  earning stream. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian McKenna from JMP Securities. Your line is now open. 
Brian McKenna : Thanks. Most questions have been asked, but with respect to private equity Fund IX, there is clearly been a lot of value created and returns are impressive, but the fund is still only about four years old. So how should we think about the trajectory of realizations for this fund throughout the remainder of the year and into 2023? And then, do you have any expectation around the mix of monetizations as it relates to public markets versus strategic sales? 
Marc Rowan: Yes, yes, sure. So, as we look at, we are actively monetizing Fund IX and Fund VIII quite frankly. The Q2 monetizations get  given some of the volatility will probably look a lot like Q1, but based on some sale processes, some signed sale agreements, some signed dividend recap and distribution agreements, expect to see it stepping up in the back half of the year. And as these investments progress, 23 and 24 are the big harvest years for this fund. So, thats what the timeline looks like.  Obviously, as we get out into those years, market conditions will apply, is it going to skew more towards public or private exit spots. You can see by the returns value was creating incredibly nicely in that portfolio. Again not dependent on big multiple uplift but on real earnings growth. So, feel quite good about that over the next couple of years. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Beatty from UBS. Your line is now open. 
Adam Beatty: Hi, good morning. Thank you. Want to follow-up on the portfolio of companies, appreciate Scotts comments earlier about inflation and the resiliency of the cash flow there. So just wanted to ask about the other pieces that rising rates and how the portfolio of companies are positioned.  Some other firms have mentioned having rate hedges and other things in place at the portfolio of companies allow also. Any details you could provide there would be great. Thanks a lot. 
Marc Rowan: Yes, yes, look, interest rate, interest costs are just less relevant to our portfolio than to many of our peers. Remember, we created Fund IX at an average, even a multiple of about 6.5x, right thats the leverage level for many of our peers. At the average leverage level is somewhere a little under four times. So, rising rates are interesting, but they are super impactful to the return performance of the portfolio.  On average, we are about 50-50 fixed and floating across the portfolio. We are starting to move a little more fixed but again, like I said in the five things that our deal teams think about, interest rates are number seven. Its just not particularly relevant to the total returns. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. 
Michael Cyprys: Hi, thank you very much for taking the follow-up here. I just wanted if you could talk a little bit about your underwriting criteria in the current environment is, obviously, you are speaking a lot about how purchase prices always matters for you, I am just curious how you are flexing the underwriting criteria just in the current environment we are in? Thank you. 
Marc Rowan: Yes. So, look, thats been the topic of a lot of conversation over the last few months. But frankly, not just in our equity portfolio, but across the entire platform. Back in March of 2020, we did something  we created what we call the common lens where we created a series of scenarios that we asked all our businesses from our equity businesses, our hybrid businesses, our yield businesses, our retirement service platforms to really model their businesses across these various scenarios so that we can start taking a collective look at the risk and opportunities in our business.  We have again recently done so with some of the recent economic changes that weve all been talking about. And that scenario does show obviously rising rates for sure, but then how does that end? What type of either economic slowdowns or actual recessions we are modeling in. So, the firm is looking at those scenarios and modeling on a very conservative footing when it comes to the course of 2022 and into 2023. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open. 
Glenn Schorr : Hi. Thank you. So, look, I think you had next to no credit losses, but thats been a great backdrop. But some people are nervous that higher rates and inflation bring recession or other credit issues. You cant do the whole balance sheet recap here. But you do a stress test for us every six months or so.  Can you talk at a high level on the positioning of where you  on the credit you own across the platform, where you are in the capital stack? How subordination, how floating rate helps and why? Just the overall message on why people maybe, should be running to Apollo in this backdrop not running away from Apollo in this backdrop?
Marc Rowan: So, Glenn, its Marc. Ill start at a high level. First, I will tell you, we intend to announce a day in the near future where we will do a complete balance sheet tutorial for people across Athene and the broader credit business. So that those new  newer to the story can understand exactly how we proceed. We start with a notion that we generally want to be top of the capital structure and investment grade.  When we started Athene back in 2008, 2009, it was relatively easy to source that in the marketplace. The markets were chaotic. Recall things like TALF and TARP and other nice initials. Very quickly as the markets heal themselves it became clear to us that we needed to be an originator of credit. We have referred to our business as fixed income replacement.  We are generally a replacement for investment-grade fixed income. We are generally top of the capital structure. We are generally senior secured. We do not think a retirement services business or a fixed income replacement portfolio of an institution is a place to take credit risk for equity risk. The risk we see to take is liquidity risk or structure risk.  We can afford to be less liquid, because our liabilities are less liquid and the liabilities of sovereign wealth funds, pension funds and otherwise. And so, I step back and I think about the marketplace today and I look at the various alternatives and think about where I would want to be if I were negatively biased.  I generally want to be in floating rate. But why we have a lot of that? I generally want to be top of the capital structure with good spread. We have a lot of that. I would probably not want to be subordinated and fixed rate. Thats not where we are. The business that we have built is a fixed income replacement business. That is not to say there are not other good businesses.  But it is a very different business than our peer set for better or worse. In some markets, peers may perform better. In a market like this, purchase price matters, being the top of the capital structure matters, being senior secured matters and I think we will fair very well.  The stress test, which, as you know our industry does not publish, we run the Fed CCAR, we publish it. We run our risk appetite, we publish it. We run Lehman, we publish it. We will do our best to educate the investor universe that what the risk we are taking is liquidity risk and structure risk and not credit risk. 
Operator: Thank you. We have reached our allotted time for Q&A. I will now turn the floor to Noah Gunn for any additional or closing remarks. 
Noah Gunn : Thanks everyone for joining us this morning for your continued interest in Apollo.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-11 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Management's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. During todays discussion, all callers will be placed in listen-only mode. And following managements prepared remarks, the conference call will be opened for questions. This conference call is being recorded. This call may include forward-looking statements and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to Apollo's most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Apollo will also be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, which management believes are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to the GAAP figures in Apollo's earnings presentation, which is available on the company's website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Apollo fund. I would now like to turn the call over to Noah Gunn, Global Head of Investor Relations.
Noah Gunn: Great. Thanks, operator, and welcome again, everyone to our call this morning. Our fourth quarter and full year 2021 results reported earlier today reflect Apollo's financial results on a standalone basis, before consideration of our recent merger with Athene, which closed on January 1. That said, we will briefly touch on key highlights from Athene's results, which were issued separately this morning. In addition, we posted a financial supplement on our website, which updates our fourth quarter and full year results in our new post-merger financial construction. Beginning next quarter, this will be our primary view, including contributions from our three new segments, and will illustrate our combined earnings power. Fee-related earnings reached a quarterly record of $309 million or $0.67 per share in the fourth quarter and $1.2 billion or $2.68 per share for full year 2021. In terms of distributable earnings, we reported $1.05 of DE per share for the fourth quarter and an annual record of $4.56 per share for full year 2021, which is more than double the level we earned in 2020. Joining me this morning to discuss all the business momentum we are seeing at Apollo and our results in further detail are Marc Rowan, CEO; Jim Zelter, Co-President; and Martin Kelly, CFO. We look forward to addressing all your questions following the conclusion of our prepared remarks. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Marc.
Marc Rowan: Thank you, Noah. Good morning to all. Thank you for spending time with us. As I often say, I'm fortunate to lead a company in an industry that gets better every day. Our industry is driven by powerful trends, demographics, generational transfer of wealth, low rates and the extreme correlation and indexification of equity and fixed income markets. I am even more fortunate to lead a company with tremendous momentum and with a unique business model in the alternatives industry. 2021 was a transformational year for Apollo. AUM is a record; fundraising, a record; modernizations, a record; origination, a record; 424 people joined our platform, another record; and turnover was the lowest it's been in a very long time. We achieved 15% year-over-year FRE growth without any sizable inorganic activity and without a flagship fund, which, as all of you know, is in the cards for 2022. As excited as I was for 2021, 2022 should be even brighter. At our very detailed Investor Day in October, we communicated a strategic vision and financial plan. In just a few short months, we have made significant progress against that plan; recall the three pillars of that plan or the three key bets as we like to say. One was the growth in our retail business and retail franchise, which I will touch on, and Jim Zelter will spend more time on, the second, origination, which is the capacity to originate investments and, therefore, continue to provide above-average rates of return per unit of risk for our clients and the third, in our Capital Markets segment. Let me take a second and just briefly touch on each of those three bets. In origination, we originated $37 billion in the fourth quarter. We're now running well over $100 billion on an annual basis. Recall why this is important, our market sometimes loses sight of what's in short supply. Capital as a general matter is plentiful, and it is assets that offer appropriate risk rewards that are in short supply. So therefore, we are incredibly focused on growing our capacity to originate, assets that offer attractive risk rewards. They are, in fact, the limiter on our growth rather than the capacity to raise money. Every attractive asset that we originate across our platform has a home in a fund, in a co-invest, on a retirement services balance sheet or through syndication. In short, it is never capital that is in short supply, it is assets, and we are micro focused on scaling origination. Platforms, which are recurring originations, are a very significant portion of our strategy. In the fourth quarter alone, we added Aqua Finance in Consumer, Petros PACE Finance in solar, Alliant Inventory Solutions in partnership with BNP, and the momentum continues. No one is doing what we are doing at the size and scale, and we've talked a lot in our industry about permanent capital. I'm much more interested in talking with you about permanent origination. In Global Wealth, as you know, we announced the acquisition of Griffin. Griffin Capital is a meaningful accelerator to wealth platform. We also made, during the quarter, strategic investments in two technology companies to facilitate the growth of our distribution businesses. CASE and ICAP are two of the leading technology platforms, helping financial advisers, access alternative strategies. Tech-enabled distribution is a must-have for anyone hoping to serve this market. We also saw early product success in the channel. Our BDC, Apollo Debt Solutions, is off to a very strong start, which Jim Zelter will take you through. I continue to believe that democratization of finance is one of the most powerful tailwinds driving our platform. If you think about our industry and us, in particular, we, in the alternatives industry, have spent better than 30 years, on the cutting edge of creating products and services, primarily for large global institutions who are not taxpayers. We have an opportunity now as a result of increasing sophistication of retail investors, increasing technology, increased democratization and legalization of opportunity and this massive generational transfer of wealth, to take that brainpower and focused on creating products and services that are bespoke for this particular channel. Early iterations of serving this channel have been very successful, but really are the first step. They are nothing more than the institutionalization of products that already exist. I view the real steps here as creating unique products and services that are designed for this channel. And given our experience with Athene, which you will hear, we have tremendous insight into what it takes at a granular level to make be successful in this channel. On Capital Solutions, again, Jim will go in more detail. Suffice it to say, 2021 revenues in Capital Solutions were up 20% year-over-year. And as you know, our plan that we've communicated is a doubling of capital solutions revenue over the next five years. Significant landmark transaction, which I know Jim will touch on in the fourth quarter, is SoftBank, which will help you imagine where we're going with Capital Solutions. Noah touched briefly on our quarterly reporting. This is the last quarter that we will report on a standalone basis with the Athene merger having closed on January 1. Athene had an awesome 2021. As good a year as Apollo had, Athene had an even better year: record profitability, earning more than $2 billion; record organic inflows, more than $37 billion of organic inflows, not only record inflows across all four of its business channels, but the returns at which this new business was underwritten, significantly exceeded the compelling mid-teens target that we have. With the merger closed and collaboration and creativity ongoing, I see nothing but upside from the combination that closed just a month ago. I'd be remiss if I didn't touch on the market. Everywhere I go, people want to understand the impact of current market trends on our business. My standard answer, if you think about the environment, we've been in for the past 10 years, purchase price has not mattered. The more risk you took, the more outrageous, generally the higher the payoff. We have seen a significant correction across equity markets as a result of revaluations. We have also seen a significant change in fixed income markets as a result of Central Bank activity. Our platform is built for purchase price matters. We have achieved amazing results over the past decade in a market that has not necessarily been kind to our strategy and where our patient value-oriented, disciplined approach to capital deployment has not been rewarded. I believe we are in the right place at the right time. I believe the 2022 fund raise for APOLLO 10, that will be very successful as we offer our large institutional clients a different approach to how to get return in a market that is -- seems to have lost a bit of the go-go spirit. Let me pivot to merger and governance, as I get ready to hand over to Jim Zelter, who is chomping at the bit to take over. The merger with Athene closed on January 1. The next chapter is very exciting, low risk of execution, as we know each other incredibly well, having worked together for the past 12, 13 years. We are adding the 1,400-person Athene team to the roughly 2,000 Apollo employees; pro forma 3,500 total employees, approximately $40 billion of market cap. In addition to the Mira merger, this was an opportunity for us to complete the governance changes that we have had hinted at and been very explicit at throughout the last year. We are one share, one vote. We are a two-thirds independent Board. We have an independent Chair. And we have all of the requisite requirements to be eligible for broad index inclusion. Now let me conclude. I often say and I started our Strategy Day by really pointing out that culture beats strategy every day. We have built an incredible culture. The marketplace understands the long-term benefit of what we are building and is helping us to win the war on talent. People are attracted to the clear strategic vision, the authentic nature of the people they meet and our cultural values. As I suggested, we added 424 employees in 2021. While very exciting, we're not likely to repeat that in 2022, having made significant progress. These are senior hires across global wealth, origination, finance, Asia Pacific. We have incredible momentum going into 2022. The team is eager to execute the plan we have articulated for you. We're excited about the next chapter and a more profitable one Apollo and ready to take the hill. Let me now turn it over to my partner, Jim Zelter.
Jim Zelter: Thanks, Marc. 2021 was indeed a banner year for Apollo, as Marc described. We remain squarely focused on driving excess returns across the spectrum, from fixed income replacement up to private equity, in order to deliver the investment alpha that our clients entrust us to provide. Our record deployment activity exemplifies our ability to source recurring transactions at scale as well as the expanding diversification of the platform. In our Private Equity business, we committed and invested more capital over the last two years than in any other period in our history, totaling $20 billion. We believe, we can deploy capital at a similar rate in 2022, especially, as Marc described, the recent market volatility persists. Additionally, our committed but unfunded pipeline ended the quarter nearly $8 billion, primarily comprised of Lumen Technologies and the Venetian transaction. Our near-term pipeline of potential transactions, remain strong with Fund IX 78% committed at the end of the first quarter, and we have approximately $5 billion of dry powder to commit before the management fees from Fund X turn on. More recently, with the rotation from growth to value over the past several months, Apollo's vision itself as a solution provider in the marketplace, providing a differentiated tool kit to our clients. The recent dislocation and heightened volatility should create attractive capital deployment opportunities across numerous investor areas of the firm. Our hybrid value funds, the credit franchise, broadly speaking, and our partnership with Motiv allow us to provide creative, flexible solutions across the capital structure for companies in need. Moving on to debt origination. Total originations surged during the fourth quarter, as Marc said, reaching $37 billion. The uptick in fourth quarter origination volume was driven by strong high-grade alpha, middle market direct lending and commercial real estate volumes. Within high-grade alpha, a strategy where we can showcase our abilities as a solution provider, we generated particularly strong activity. In one notable transaction, we completed a $4 billion loan to SoftBank, secured by their second Vision Fund. Our ability to deliver this magnitude of capital in a relatively short time frame via discrete bilateral negotiation is exactly why our clients partner with us. You should expect to hear more about these types of large-scale transactions as our platform continues to expand. Higher levels of origination volumes are also driving higher transaction fees in our Capital Solutions business. Fourth quarter and full year fees of $94 million and $298 million, respectively, reached new heights. And it's worth noting that we completed approximately 80 ACS transactions in 2021, which is double the volume we created a year prior. As Marc touched on, we announced several new origination platform investments over the past few months that will help grow our supply of recurring origination volume. Importantly, Athene funded the equity commitment in all three of these investments, as part of their normal course investment strategy, demonstrating the capital efficiency of our model. One, we announced our pending acquisition of a controlling stake in consumer lender, Aqua Finance, which will extend our access to quality consumer loans. In 2021, Aqua originated nearly $2 billion of loans in the consumer arena, which represents a double over the past three years. We also announced and closed our acquisition of Petros PACE Finance, a platform that provides significant deployment opportunity for Apollo and Athene to support clean energy real estate transactions. PACE has originated over $700 million in long-term fixed rate financing since 2016, and we expect rapid growth in that sector as the market expands and we confront sustainable construction and regulatory climate mandates. Finally, an important transaction was our strategic announcement with BNP Paribas to create Eliant inventory solutions. Eliant provides domestic and multinational companies with strategic and responsive inventory capital solutions to better optimize their supply chain and balance sheets. Backed by strong client demand at launch, we expect the platform to generate a multibillion-dollar level of annual flows beginning this year. These three platforms really are great examples of our broader fixed income replacement vision at work. While we are excited about the progress we've already achieved to broaden our origination, there is still significant runway to scale our existing platforms and fill in additional growth white space. At the macro level, we believe the evolving interest rate backup will create tactical opportunities to position our client portfolios into more favorable higher-yielding assets. As the market confronts a potentially higher rate environment, financial conditions are indeed tightening and risk premiums are increasing. For the last several years, there have been many -- there have been concerned about our ability to generate attractive returns in a perpetually low-rate environment. However, we always found ways to be successful and leaned into origination, and now we have an expansive ecosystem ready to capitalize on a market with potentially higher rates and certainly higher risk premiums. As we've said before, the fixed income replacement trend is just getting started, and we are certainly well positioned regardless of the rate environment. Moving on to monetization activity. We had another strong year of realizations, totaling $4 billion, including more than $3 billion from our Private Equity platform. For the full year, Private Equity realizations reached an annual record of $19 billion, as Fund VIII and increasingly Fund IX are in harvesting mode. Looking forward, we expect our realization super cycle to continue. That said, if the current market correction persists, some of our planned term realizations may be pushed out to later in the year. Turning to investment performance. We had a strong year of performance across our entire franchise. Our Private Equity portfolio appreciated 48% in 2021, outperforming the S&P by over 20%. And additionally, our flagship fund performance remains exceptional, with Fund IX generating a gross IRR of 48% and 30% net. And I'll mention, Fund IX's portfolio is still relatively young, and we believe there is a lot of embedded value still to come. Our inaugural hybrid value fund continues to perform very well, generating a growth of 29% and 23% net. And in credit, our portfolio saw 1.6% of gross appreciation in the fourth quarter and more than 10% for the full year. Finally, our structured credit debt origination strategies had particularly strong performance, both outperforming their respective benchmarks by a remarkable 1,100 basis points in 2021. In terms of capital raising, total inflows of $24 billion in the fourth quarter were strong, bringing full year inflows to $67 billion. As Marc mentioned, we raised a record amount of capital from third-party clients in a non-flagship fundraising year with $23 billion of total inflows. Athene added $37 billion of inflows, including 9 in the fourth quarter alone. Third-party fundraising in the fourth quarter totaled $8 billion, increasing from $5 billion average pace through the third quarter. And fourth quarter fundraising included healthy inflows from Accord plus EPF IV, and our second infrastructure fund, which held its final close in the quarter. Importantly, we launched the fundraising for Fund X in January and are encouraged by the early reception. We feel confident in raising our targeted $25 billion in capital and think our differentiated investment strategy, grounded in value while embracing innovation resonates, particularly well in this current market backdrop. We successfully launched our nonlisted credit BDC, Apollo Debt Solutions, in November with a single platform in Asia and Europe, and expanded distribution to the domestic platform in the beginning of January. Early reception of our marketing efforts have been extremely positive, and we raised over $1 billion of equity proceeds to date since product launched two months ago. When our exclusivity period ends in March, we will broaden distribution to other wire houses, several RIAs and at the independent broker-dealer channel via our strategic distribution partnerships. Additionally, we've invested heavily in product development and are currently working on several other funds tailored for the mass-affluent market. In December, we did announce the agreement to acquire Griffin, which is strategically important in our accelerating our multipronged five-year global wealth strategy. A year ago, we were more limited in our global wealth capabilities, but with the launch of ADS as well as Griffin, we now have proof of concept on product and distribution capability. When Griffin closes, which is expected to occur in the first half of this year, we will have roughly 130 people working across the platform. With Griffin specifically, we expect to broaden our reach in the US wealth market and independent broker-dealers, providing us with new foothold in that channel. We're continuing to add the resources and capabilities across various retail distribution channels in conjunction with the Griffin team. In terms of our outlook for 2022, we feel comfortable meeting or exceeding our $80 billion organic inflow target that we communicated in the fall. We are seeing a robust pipeline in Athene and momentum across third-party fundraising initiatives, including a strong start at ADS, as I've previously mentioned; and incremental Griffin -- flow at Griffin gives us great comfort. Looking back to 2021, we couldn't be more excited about the evolution of the franchise. We continue to expand the dialogue with our global investor base and continue to provide solutions to companies seeking to raise capital. We have leading returns in flagship Private Equity. We've launched nascent strategies with strong early performance and client traction, including hybrid value in the infrastructure equity business. Our yield platform is expanding along with the continued build-out of our front-end origination platforms. We're syndicating more dollars alongside a growing capital solutions business, and we're seeing increased demand for our third-party retirement services. We are excited to demonstrate meaningful progress against our goals, which we laid out in the fall. With that, I'll turn it over to my partner, Martin, who will discuss our financial results.
Martin Kelly: Great. Thanks, Jim, and good morning. I'll provide a brief overview of our standalone results and then bridge to our 2022 outlook for the combined businesses. Our full year after-tax DE of $2 billion was very strong and roughly doubled from 2020 levels, as Noah mentioned, driven by a sizable step-up in PE realization activity and mid-teens FRE growth. Management fees increased 14% year-over-year, which included more than 20% growth in our credit real assets businesses and transaction fees were up 19% year-over-year, while fee-related expenses grew 19%, reflecting our comp and non-comp-driven investment for growth. Our full year FRE margin of 54% was in line with our expectations. In mid-January, we filed a financial supplement containing historical information for our new post-merger segment reporting. And in late January, we filed an 8-K outlining merger-related updates and certain financial items. Beginning in the first quarter of 2022, we will report results for three operating segments: asset management, retirement services and principal investing, with fee-related earnings, FRE; spread-related earnings, SRE; and principal investing income, PII, as their primary performance metrics looking forward. Strong results by Apollo and Athene in 2021 provide us with momentum as we head into 2022, positioning us well to achieve our five-year targets. As previously communicated, we expect after-tax DE of approximately $3.3 billion or $5.50 per share in 2022. We expect approximately 90% of these earnings to be comprised of highly stable and recurring FRE and SRE. In our Asset Management segment, we expect the following trends to drive our FRE in the year ahead. Fee-related revenues should see attractive growth in 2022, with management fee growth around the mid to high-teens level, and our plan suggests transaction fees growing at a faster pace than they did in 2021. In terms of fee-related expenses, as you know, we have been making significant investments in talent and infrastructure to drive higher FRE growth and capture the next significant leg of growth we believe is attainable. We've made many great additions across our platform and continued to attract high-caliber individuals. We are managing this growth in the context of the glide path we've laid out, which is for our comp ratio to start moving from roughly 30% toward our longer-term target of 25% over the next five years. On the non-comp side, we are in the midst of rebasing in 2022 as we absorb the infrastructure costs, including technology and occupancy of supporting our larger team. Putting the pieces together, we expect an FRE margin of approximately 54% to 55% in 2022, putting us on a path higher towards our 60% plus goal by 2026. We expect this will drive at least $1.4 billion of pre-tax FRE in 2022, or $2.35 per share. In our Retirement Services segment, we are on track to deliver our 2022 objectives outlined at our Investor Day. We expect low double-digit growth in net invested assets, driven by the healthy organic growth expectations that Jim mentioned. From these assets, less fully loaded funding costs and overhead, we expect the segment to generate a net spread of approximately 110 to 115 basis points. This spread translates to pre-tax SRE in excess of $2 billion in 2022 or approximately $3.35 per share. Embedded within this earnings profile is an expectation for a normalized return on Athene's alternative investments of approximately 10%, following a particularly strong return in 2021, amidst a robust market backdrop. In our Principal Investing segment, we believe we have a favorable tailwind at our back from having two, flagship Private Equity funds in harvesting mode. So as Jim mentioned earlier, the timing of realization can be impacted if the market correction persists. Our best expectation for the income contribution in PII heading into a new year is to align around our forecast over a multiyear horizon. This equates to approximately $500 million of pre-tax income or $0.80 per share on average over the next five years. You should think of us as net beneficiaries of a rising rate environment. Jim mentioned the opportunities created by a higher-rate environment, which we believe will benefit FRE. The only part of our revenue that is susceptible to a decline from rising rates, are management fees earned from net asset value rather than committed or invested capital. Historically, the most notable pool of assets with this basis was Athene's fixed income assets. Following a recently agreed-upon adjustment to the investment management agreement with Athene, our basis for earning management fees will now be book value for the vast majority of Athene's assets. This change will serve to mitigate management fee volatility from changes in rates or spreads. Further, with regard to potential SRE impacts from rising rates, approximately 20% of Athene's portfolio is in floating rate securities. While there are some offsets, we would expect a 25 basis point parallel shift up in the curve to drive an incremental $30 million to $40 million of annual SRE, representing low single-digit accretion on distributable earnings. Turning to capital allocation, we expect to generate $15 billion of capital for investment over the next five years as we discussed at our Investor Day, which is illustratively earmarked as $5 billion of capital to fund our expected annual base dividend of $1.60 per share, $5 billion of capital for dividend increases and opportunistic share repurchases and another $5 billion of growth capital. The impact of the latter $10 billion is not reflected in our base targets. While we will evaluate opportunities on a case-by-case basis, we will most likely look to deploy the majority of the growth capital towards strategic ventures in the near-term that will accelerate FRE growth. We declared a dividend of $0.40 per share in the fourth quarter and have allocated approximately $1 billion to fund the annual dividend under this policy in 2022. In conjunction with the merger close, we announced a $1.5 billion opportunistic buyback authorization, along with another $1 billion for equity immunization. This new repurchase program provides additional flexibility to return capital to shareholders and drive accretion on an open-ended basis. We intend to prioritize strategic growth investments given the pipeline we see, many of which we expect will drive additional growth in fee-related earnings above and beyond our base plan, recent examples of iCapital Chase and incremental equity investment in Athora and our all-stock acquisition of Griffin. To conclude and punctuate our overall message this morning, our business is firing on all cylinders. Our fundamental business drivers are reaching record levels, and we're making huge strides in pursuit of our strategic goals. We had a very busy and successful 2021, and we're well positioned to execute on our clear strategic vision and deliver results for our shareholders and clients. With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Q - Glenn Schorr: Hi. Thank you. Just a quick clarifier for -- first, did you say FRE of at least $1.4 billion, this is like 17% growth in 2022? I just want to make sure I heard right.
Marc Rowan: That's right, Glen. Yeah, $1.4 billion, which is $2.35 per share.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. Cool. I guess a lot of people are asking on insurance, so let's start there. I guess it's a twofold, and it has to do with S&P and regulation. So S&P is considering changing some of its capital rules, specifically for A and lower-rated securities and structures. So what impact would that have on the excess capital position you've been talking about at Athene? And then my as well, while we're talking insurance, to talk about any changes that you think might be brewing in terms of private equity ownership of life insurance, and whether or not there are changes coming. So I appreciate the twofold question.
Marc Rowan: Great. Well, it's Marc. Why don't I take a shot at that, Glenn? So recall that in the last year, S&P has upgraded us to A+. And we hold substantially more capital than, I think, anyone else in the industry in terms of excess capital and reduce leverage. S&P, we also hold, as you know, primarily an investment-grade portfolio. S&P is now going through a process to update its model for the first time in 10 years. There's a lot of back and forth in an active dialogue. I think it's early to know whether there will be changes to the amount of excess capital. As a personal matter, it does not concern me. At the end of the day, we operate in an industry that is devoid of excess capital. We have been among the few. I mean, if you look at capital raised across the world, US and Europe, at least, we've raised most of the capital in the insurance industry for the past decade. Anything that puts pressure on capitalization, we tend to be in [Technical Difficulty]. Having said that, I don't expect much to come out of the S&P, but it's early days. As it relates to Private Equity in insurance, what's interesting is this is a journey we've been on for 12-plus years. We have paid an immense amount of tuition. And others who are interested in following what we do will quickly find out that this is not a trade. This is a lifestyle. And you have to build the infrastructure, capable navigating that you operate in a regulated business. But let's face it. All asset management business is a regulated business. We have a decade-plus of experience in working with regulators. Capital coming to the industry is generally a positive. Capital coming out of funds that have limited lives for a long-term asset is not generally viewed as a positive. New players coming to the business who understand that the primary risk, to putting risk on insurance company balance sheet through increased exposure to subordinated securities, are going to find out that that is not really going to be accepted broadly across the industry. What Jim articulated as fixed income replacement, which is maintaining the credit quality of the business while trying to earn excess spread, I believe, is the right strategy, certainly for us and probably for many others. But, I expect a lot of fits and starts on behalf of third parties as they try and figure it out.
Glenn Schorr: Ill sure left for the next time. Thank you.
Marc Rowan: Thank you, Glenn. Im sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bill Katz from Citi. Your line is now open.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you very much. So maybe, Marc, one for you. One of the questions we're coming up against with the flattening of the forward curve expectations and credit spreads starting to widen out a tad. The natural question is sort of potential for a credit cycle. So, I was wondering if you could sort of, address how you think you're positioned for that. What would be the pros and cons? And then for Martin, just a clarification. It sounds like you're at 5.70 for base earnings ex PAI. Is that -- did I hear that correctly? Thank you.
Marc Rowan: So, Jim and I will tag team on credit. I'll start by pointing out that. Look we've been in a decade-long period where taking risk has been rewarded. And I didn't just mean my comments for equity. I meant for credit as well. We, as a firm have generally not saw to position our portfolio that way. We have almost always been senior secured. And the way we have earned excess return is through origination or taking some amount of liquidity risk rather than subordination risk, credit risk or duration risk. I believe we are well positioned in the portfolio for widening of rates and for credit cycle. And I don't want to belabor it, because I think Jim lives this every day. So, I'm going to flip it over to Jim to follow-up.
Jim Zelter: Yes. I would just highlight, when we go through these origination platforms and people, really -- they still ask us what do you mean by fixing replacement. When we think about the Wheels, Donlen platform that we aggregate over the last 12 months, this is a company that's been around for 50 years, and it's been time-tested through the cycle with virtually negligible defaults. And they really are a large-scale auto fleet-finance business for many, many named consumer brand companies. Likewise, our inventory finance partnership with BNP, this is just providing capital where, in the past, investors had not had access to it. These were stuck on bank balance sheets. So when you talk about -- listen, we're students of the high yield and loan and leveraged loan in distressed markets. We are one of the preeminent players in the world. There probably would be some spread widening in those businesses, but that is not what's on the Athene and regulated balance sheets. We've been a pristine investor in those areas, and the performance in terms of the low defaults would really reflect that positioning.
Marc Rowan: Yes. And Bill, the quick answer is yes. The numbers we're underlying today are consistent with Investor Day. We're on track. We're fully in line with what we laid out in October. So it's the numbers, 2.35, 3.35 on a pretax basis.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning folks. You just -- first, if I could just start off on the spread-related business in terms of that rate sensitivity. If we do, maybe just some perspective of whether that sensitivity is linear on the 25 basis points. And if the Fed tightened much more aggressively this year, maybe just some thoughts on the cadence of how that would run through that P&L and then into next year, say, if we have, let's say, six hikes or something like that?
Marc Rowan: Yes, yes. Brian, it's pretty much linear. So, there's some floaters with floors, but we're above the floor. So think of it as 25, now 100 is four times 25 on that rate sensitivity. And in terms of how quickly that pulls through into earnings, about half of that is in three-month LIBOR and the other half is split between shorter and longer, one model and six equivalents.
Brian Bedell: And then just, how many rate hikes are in your assumption for the -- for your '22 guidance on SRE?
Martin Kelly: We don't think about it. We think about the forward curve from where it is right now, but we're not -- we don't run our business with a view of three hikes versus six versus seven. That's for macro investors, but we're a day-to-day. We've had a floating and experience for floating rate exposure around the size for the last several years. And it's just -- as I will remind you, we're duration mass on the overall assets and liabilities. So, we're not taking rate bets, but we have a natural hedge because of our floating rate exposure.
Brian Bedell: Got it. Okay. That's good. And then just maybe on the retail strategy with Griffin. If you could talk about -- after you closed that and we get into later this year and then next year, just talk about the integration, whether you're running your retail -- you're thinking of running your retail strategy mostly through that entity or rather, are they going to be more integrated into the Apollo retail wealth distribution platform? And any insight on, where you think a sort of your percentage of fundraising could come from the retail side?
Martin Kelly: Sure. As we've said, when we made the announcement, Griffin will be fully absorbed into Apollo. We have 100% acceptance rate of all the individuals who we brought on. In Investor Day, we laid out a five-year plan to have almost one-third of our fundraising be out of that channel. And certainly, what this does in aggregate is probably bringing our plan for a good 18, maybe even 24 months. I will also add, that has not gotten much notice along with the distribution, we're taking on a $5 billion real asset vehicle that has a long established track record and a more nascent credit product for the independent channel as well. So, people have that really brought those up, but certainly, those were benefits. What we're finding is, it's not just about having individuals, but it's the hundreds of selling agreements, the compliance agreements. The marketing infrastructure of launching and announcing a new fund, which they have 20 years of track record in doing so. So, we're extremely excited. We think it puts us -- when we think about where we were 12 to 18 months ago, it's a massive acceleration. We were very clear in our November meeting, our October meeting about what our objectives were, and we've really checked that off. I would ask, the next question is going to be, so where are you going with products? And Marc laid it out, but I think it's really important philosophically, what most folks are doing today is really repackaging the institutional products for the global wealth channel. And we're certainly going to do that. We have a track record and a brand across our platform in all of our areas, equity, hybrid and credit to allow us to be a very formidable competitor, which you're also going to see. And what Marc really touched on, which we're excited about and really plays across our platform, is the whole tax efficiency of these products. It's early days. But there really has been nothing done when one thinks about a lot of these products for high net worth individuals, there's not a great tax efficiency, especially in yield products. So we're excited about when we think about the intellectual capital of bringing Athene and their distribution and their product packaging, along with Apollo and doing it in an integrated fashion, which is happening today. We think the future is very bright to apply that.
Q  Brian Bedell: Thats great color. Thank you very much
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. 
Michael Cyprys: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe just continuing with the retail theme. I was hoping we could dig in a little bit more on the new private BDC that you guys launched. Maybe you could talk a little bit about how different or similar it is from an existing BDC that you guys have had for some new years that is publicly listed. I guess to what degree is there any sort of overlap with folks that are overseeing the BDC that you've had in terms of investment professionals? Maybe you could talk about the investment strategy, how it differs. And how big of an opportunity could this be with the new private BDC that you guys have? How big could that get?
Martin Kelly: Well, Mike, we've been very clear in the last three years about large-cap direct origination. We were very vocal about it in 2019 and 2020. And certainly, with the advent of COVID, it's allowed us to do it. And as we said, I think at Investor Day, we talked about the multiple of billion-dollar commitments we made, in 2019, a handful; in 2020, about 20; and then the last year, more than 30. But to answer your specific question, the credit universe is a wide spectrum.  Our traditional business, as you know, we have mid-cap, a tremendous historic middle-market lender, the sponsor community. And that really is what our AINV strategy is doing today, a tremendous amount of overlap by that team. We also run our credit business in an integrated front-end fashion. And as we do so, we've been very focused on saying that ADS is really going to primarily focus on large-cap sponsor origination and large-cap corporate origination. So we think it's best not to operate in a silo, to run as an integrated toolbox across all the things that we offer sponsors, large and small, as well as not only leveraged finance loans, but all the other tools in the toolbox, whether it's fund finance, GP finance or otherwise. So to answer your question, we've been very clear, it's a large-cap strategy of ADS. We think very -- we think that's the way to go in terms of the future of the market and what's happening in terms of the dispersion and disruption of the syndicated market, and it works hand-in-hand in integrated fashion with our AINV and team.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Finian O'Shea from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open. 
Finian O'Shea: Hi. Good morning, everybody. Can you talk about the opportunity for platform acquisition, such as Aqua and PACE this quarter? How -- for one, how attractive is that category versus other components of high-grade alpha in the context of what you have to pay up for it? And how much of that stuff is still out there for you to continue to grow into through acquisition?
Marc Rowan: It's Marc, and I'll take a shot at it, and then Jim will fill in where I miss. Think of origination as having three parts to it. One part calling effort, calling on large companies, the scale of our ecosystem. Remember, we have the largest private credit platform in the world, at least that I'm aware of, more than $350 billion. We have an incredible ecosystem. So we call on companies. And you've seen the results of that coming out of the things we've done with ADNOC, with Hertz and with so and so. The second part of it is a -- just by being such a large ecosystem and capital market participant, we benefit from capital markets-originated flows, think of SoftBank as something coming to us as a result of capital markets. The third is the notion of platforms. Platforms are companies that, in and of themselves, are attractive investments, but the business they pursue is the origination of credit, Wheels, Donlen and so on and so. So I believe we are still early days in the platform acquisition business. We have made significant inroads in fleet finance and aircraft finance, in senior secured middle-market finance, in inventory, in franchise fees and a number of other areas. And I think what you will see is, yes, we will continue to go into new areas. But I think what you're going to see is the existing platforms get scale. Just like Donlen and Wheels came together, I think you will see us this year, in particular, add scale to what we do. The resource commitment that we have in our internal FIG group, I predict our FIG and Strategy Group will be the size of our Private Equity group over the next few years. This is a full-court press, a full-time effort. Origination and recurring origination is among the most valuable things that we do. One last footnote on it. When we buy an origination platform, the we is generally Athene, Thora and our institutional limited-partner clients. They like in buying an origination because this is a perpetual machine that generally produces relatively safe low-teens recurring rates of return. It in some ways, it is a perfect alternative for large sovereign funds and for large retirement services balance sheets. But it is a two-fold, not only do we get an attractive alternative equity investment, which generally is funded, as I suggested, out of the Retirement Services balance sheet and a limited partner capital, we also get origination. Some of that origination is absorbed internally in Retirement Services balance sheets and credit funds, and some of it goes external through our capital markets and syndication business. This is a significant feeder to our ecosystem. Every day, the reinforcement of the ecosystem gets better and better through these platforms.
Finian O'Shea: Thank you. That's very helpful. And just a follow-up, if I may. I'm sorry if I missed this. Can you talk about the trade-off on the Athene fixed income mark-to-market fee arrangements? Did you have to take a concession on the fee for that exchange?
Jim Zelter: No. No. We've fixed it going through the close of the year. There's no impact.
Finian O'Shea: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert A. Lee from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Your line is open.
Robert A. Lee: Great. Thanks for taking my questions this morning. Just wanted to maybe ask on Athora a bit, I mean, I know you feel very good about the long-term opportunity there, but it feels like it's been pretty quiet since last year or so. I know that you wanted to kind of put that platform in the order once you acquire that big block of business. But what are your thoughts heading into 2022? Should we be thinking that, that business there's increased potential for more transactions coming out of Europe on that platform, now that you've you spent this past year maybe investing in it? So, just wanted to get some update there.
Marc Rowan: Great. Robert, its Marc, I'll take a shot at this. I like your definition of quiet. The team in the room that works on Athora said, they'd like to understand what busy is then. So if you think about what's happened to Athora over the reasonable period of time, we obviously did a very large transaction in the Netherlands for VIVAT, adding some 40 billion to the balance sheet. We also did add-ons in Belgium, and we did a de novo in Italy this year, so another 8 million to 10 billion. That seemed like plenty, for the year. We are, as you suggested, absorbing. 2021 has been a year of absorbing. You should expect us to do a sizable capital raise at Athora at some point during the year. Apollo led that off with a 250 million upsize in a safe, pending the future capital raise. What we're also starting to see is, people turning themselves to new business. Very often what happens in -- particularly in something like the Netherlands, is it takes a while to understand exactly what the opportunity is on a go-forward basis. And so we've started to see the equivalent of a pension risk transfer market really developed in Europe. In terms of what's going to happen in Europe this year, I believe it will be an incredibly active year. All indications tell me that there will be sizable blocks of business that change hands. The pickup in rates, in some ways, is actually helpful in reducing the embedded loss of a lot of these historic books of business to the legacy companies. So in short, I thought 2021 was very active, but I expect 2022 to be even more active, on a go-forward basis. And I'll make one final point. Whatever tuition needed to be paid in the U.S. over more than a decade, this is advanced chemistry. It is a much more complicated market. Solvency II is a much more complicated regime to operate in. Being able to speak both languages, RBC and Solvency II, is a huge advantage. You're seeing it. Japan is moving towards Solvency II, Hong Kong and the rest of Asia, moving towards Solvency II. And you've seen us across the platform, not just in Athora, but also in Athene, be able to take the skill set of understanding how a Solvency II balance sheet works and do the first couple of reinsurance transactions in Japan for Athene. So I expect this to continue to be a very active area. And more than you want to know, but the commoditization of publicly traded fixed income and the inability of traditional market participants to earn excess return in fixed income is the driver that is pushing the disposition of these blocks of business. And I think this is going to continue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Alexander Blostein: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So first, Marc, maybe just a clarification on the change in management fee concession with Athene is going from market value to book value, what's the impact relative to the Q4 level? So maybe just kind of help us level-set what the Athene management fee to Apollo was in the fourth quarter under kind of the new methodology and the old methodology. And then when it comes to macro moves broadly, kind of heard your comments obviously around rising interest rates on SRE, but how should we think about sensitivity to wide-grade spreads within SRE as well?
Marc Rowan: So Alex, there is no impact. There's no day one impact to the change in the fee basis. And as we go through purchase accounting and the PCAOB process, book value converges to market value at day one. So they -- the book value sort of becomes market value and resets in new basis going forward. And so it's the same asset value that you're using to reference the fee rate. And there's no other adjustments to the contract. So that's pretty clean, I think, and straightforward. And on the spread duration and the spread risk, I would think of that as having a similar profile to credit -- to rates. But obviously, it depends on turnover in the portfolio, rates reset every month, every quarter. Spreads reset as you buy and sell security. So it's kind of more prolonged impact on the pull-through.
Alexander Blostein: Got it. All right. Thanks for clarification. Bigger-picture question on fundraising. You guys sound pretty excited about 2022, $80 billion plus. Can you help break down what the latest assumptions are for maybe Fund X.? And then, Jim, to your point around potential upside to that $80 billion number, where do you guys see the areas of potential upside?
Jim Zelter: Well, I mean, I think we've been pretty clear over the last several months that we've been out in front with Fund X flagship, $25 billion. And Scott and the team are focused on that as the number one priority, but we have a variety of other institutional products between yield. And hybrid EPF is out there right now. Accord plus is out there right now. And so we're excited by the breadth of that. And certainly, when we think about what global wealth can do this year, we look at that contributing. In the past, it was sub-5% to 10%. And I think you're going to see in a number north of $5 billion or $6 billion on the global wealth part in addition. So we've got a lot of cylinders humming in the fundraising. And as we said, a $23 billion in 2021, ex the flagship, that's what gives us great comfort and confidence. Especially, I would add, what's really going on here for us, I know there's a tremendous amount of questions about rates in the curve, which are all critical to us. But what it really means for us it's the repricing of equity risk premium. And as Marc talked about, we've been in a decade where price didn't matter. And for us, as our strategy, all of this volatility in repricing risk premium, this is front and center of benefit of how we run our PE business. We're the classic leader in that global business in that field when there's market dispersion, hybrid value, tremendous product in that area as well. So, we feel very, very comfortable with it. If the macro moves, like we believe there will be more stock dispersion and what you've seen happen in certain growth areas, we just feel like that really plays right into our strategy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rufus Hone from Bank of Montreal. Your line is now open.
Rufus Hone: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about retirement services. And I was hoping you could discuss your thoughts around where you think the ROE of Athene can get to over time, and particularly as you bring on more third party capital and as you get the tailwind of higher interest rates feeding through to higher on the margin spreads. Thank you.
Marc Rowan: I'll take a shot at it. It's Marc. So, for the -- from inception, Athene produced about a 17.7% return on book value. We continue to underwrite business, and we underwrote business in 2021 at north of 15% cash-on-cash. Our target in retirement services is that mid-teens rate of return on a sustainable basis. And we really -- rates themselves don't really matter. And I'm not convinced spreads matter, because the market adjusts to the pricing of new liabilities get added in the context of a competitive market. The ability to source assets is the primary driver of the growth and profitability of Retirement Services. And so, what we have done is we have, as you've been hearing for this call, made a massive bet over many years on origination that you're seeing that come to fruition and the kind of origination that benefits retirement services balance sheets. By going to third parties and opening up to third parties, that is a win-win on both sides. We also run a prudent diversified book. And we have absolutely no problem syndicating to other insurers, to other money managers and to other clients. For us, we get more flow, we get more diversification, we continue to build our ecosystem, and we get plenty of product to satisfy the internal needs from Athene and from Athora and from the various credit funds. On the other hand, if you're a client, you have the opportunity to invest side-by-side with us in an aligned fashion as where we're a principal, not just a broker, not an asset manager. Alignment is an unbelievably powerful tool in this particular area, and I think we're seeing the benefits of that.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the floor to Noah Gunn for any additional or closing remarks.
Noah Gunn: Great. Thank you. Really appreciate everyone's interest in Apollo this morning and participating in our call. If you have any questions on anything we discuss on the call, please feel free to reach out to us. And we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Management's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. During todays discussion, all callers will be placed in listen-only mode. And following managements prepared remarks, the conference call will be opened for questions. This conference call is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the call over to Noah Gunn, Global Head of Investor Relations.
Noah Gunn: Thanks, operator, and thanks to all of you for tuning into our call this morning. Joining me today are Marc Rowan, CEO and Co-Founder; Scott Kleinman, Co-President; and Martin Kelly, our Chief Financial Officer and Co-Chief Operating Officer. Earlier this morning, we issued an earnings release and financial supplement, which are available on our website. As a reminder, today's call may include forward-looking statements and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performance. We do not undertake any duty to revise or update such statements to reflect new information, subsequent events or changes in strategy. Please refer to our most recent quarterly and annual reports and other SEC filings for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied. We will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, which we believe are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business, and you'll find reconciliations of these metrics within our earnings materials available at apollo.com\stockholders. With that, I'd now like to turn it over to Marc to kick off our comments for today.
Marc Rowan : Thank you, Noah. Good morning. It's my pleasure to start out and outline another quarter of very strong results. DE for the quarter was $1.71 per share, our highest quarter on record. FRE of $300 million or $0.68 a share, very strong performance. FRE for the first 9 months, $2.01 per share, up 16% year-over-year for the same period. And as you will hear from Scott, we're seeing strong momentum across all fronts, whether it's investment, deployment, realization or fundraising. Year-to-date organic Athene inflows plus third-party fundraising were $44 billion, and we expect them to exceed $55 billion for the year. Importantly, this will be a record year of organic growth at Athene; and, equally as important, this will be a record year of fundraising in a non-flagship year for Apollo, and this again is despite headwinds from the end of 2020. We are well positioned to execute on our long-term targets and deliver for our shareholders. Let me now pivot from the quarter and focus on next year and the next 5 years. Two weeks ago, many of you endured 5 hours of us walking you through our strategic plan. We enjoyed the opportunity to share our road map and to show you how we are positioned to drive the business forward. Rather than rehearse or repeat 5 hours' worth of material, for those who are interested, let's hit the cliff notes. We're in a growth business, driven by the need for retirement income in an anemic market. Our addressable market is the largest among our alternative peers focused, in particular, on fixed income replacement. Athene is a competitive differentiator and a growth accelerant. Our model is highly capital efficient, and I will focus a little bit on this quarter's activities and show you just how efficient. And we have a strong momentum behind a fully aligned industry-leading team and continue to add amazing talent. A reminder, our business is not about just scale. It is not about AUM. It is about delivering excess return per unit of risk to our clients. That is the promise of alternatives. And so long as we do that, we will continue to grow. And the reminder to everyone in our firm is that AUM growth is the reward for good performance. It is not the goal. As many of you took away from the 5-hour dialogue, our plan embeds 3 key bets. One, an expansion into retail following the democratization of finance; the second, growth in capital solutions; and the third, direct origination and scaling of direct origination from roughly $80 billion on an annual basis run rate this year to $150 billion 5 years out. While progress was made against all 3 objectives, this quarter was all about origination with numerous platform additions within our ecosystem. The team, led by Chris Edson, is laser-focused on continuing to scale our origination, which ultimately is 1 of the drivers of growth in our fixed income replacement business and our yield business. Just to highlight 3 additions to our ecosystem announced or closed this quarter. The first was MaxCap. MaxCap is an Australian CRE, financier and fund manager. The second is Newfi. Newfi is a technology-driven multichannel mortgage lender. And the third is Wheels, which will be merged with our existing Donlin fleet platform, creating combined fleet business with $5 billion of pro forma assets and 550,000 customers. Each of these 3 will drive significant amounts of investment-grade, private and spread enhancing origination. Origination, and the ability to find spread without taking on increased risk, is the driver to success in our yield business. Importantly, none of the capital to add to these 3 platforms or to acquire these 3 platforms was required from the Apollo Holding Company. As many of you who teamed into our Investor Day understand, we run an incredibly capital efficient business and are able to scale these origination platforms without capital from the holding company, leaving us free to deploy that capital towards growth initiatives or to return to shareholders. In summary, our business is changing rapidly. Markets, rates and technology and democratization of finance are all sources of this change. Rather than fear this change, we embrace this change. We're going to continue to lead into technology and innovation and capitalize on these disruptive trends. The platform continues to attract incredibly high-quality talent, and I'd highlight just 2 for this quarter. First, Bill Lewis, joining us as Senior Partner and a member of Apollo's management committee; and the second, Dave Stangis, our new Chief Sustainability Officer, also a member of Apollo's Management Committee. With that, I'll now turn it over to Scott to review the quarter in more detail.
Scott Kleinman: Thanks, Marc, and thank you all for joining us this morning. As you've heard us say before, our strategic differentiator is our ability to source excess returns across the risk-reward spectrum. The breadth and scale of our platform gives us confidence in our ability to originate attractive investment opportunities for our clients and deploy capital in a variety of environments. For the third quarter, total deployment of over $28 billion set another quarterly record. Year-to-date deployment volume is tracking nearly $81 billion compared with $88 billion for full year 2020 and $75 billion for full year 2019. These figures indicate the tremendous amounts of investment activity taking place across our platform. In our Private Equity business, drawdown funds invested $5 billion, including for Yahoo! Great Canadian and W.R. Grace, and committed to invest an additional $6.5 billion as of quarter end. Additionally, investing activity for Athene accelerated significantly from second quarter levels as cash was put to work. Moving on to debt origination. Total origination volume of $19 billion in the third quarter is run rating at the $80 billion level that we disclosed at Investor Day. Our origination machine continues to build momentum, led by robust MidCap volume, Redding Ridge CLO formation and strength out of our Europe platform. We also have line of sight into a healthy high-grade alpha pipeline over the next couple of quarters. While we spend most of our time sourcing incremental investment opportunities, today's environment has been accommodative to harvest ripe investments within our portfolio. You can see from our results that we're in the midst of a robust realization cycle, with overlap from Fund VIII and Fund IX monetization activity. We're delivering tremendous value back to our LPs while, at the same time, generating attractive performance fees for our shareholders. During the third quarter, we returned $8.8 billion of capital to fund our -- to our fund investors, including $6.2 billion from our Private Equity funds. Year-to-date, Private Equity realizations have reached $16 billion, which compares to $5 billion for all of 2020. Looking out over the next several quarters, the realization pipeline remains strong for our flagship Private Equity funds. As Marc highlighted earlier, overall investment performance remains solid within the PE portfolio, up 4.8%, and core credit up 2.1% during the quarter. In Private Equity, we saw divergence in returns between our funds private and public positions, which is not uncommon given the volatility in public markets. Private markets were up 12%, while public holdings, representing roughly 20% of our portfolio, declined 12%. Additionally, our Private Equity portfolio has appreciated 58% over the last 12 months. Overall, our flagship Private Equity Fund performance remains quite strong, with Fund IX generating a gross IRR of 47% and 28% net. Our inaugural hybrid value fund also continues to deliver exceptional performance, with a gross IRR of 32% and 26% net. In Credit, we saw particularly good gross returns in direct origination, up 3.2%, and in structured credit, up 2.9% during the quarter. Overall, we continue to be positioned cautiously across the portfolio. But with that said, we continue to see substantial demand for fixed income replacement assets. Moving to capital raising. We're encouraged by recent LP conversations and new strategic mandate wins as third quarter AUM increased $9 billion sequentially. Total inflows were quite strong at $18 billion, up from $12 billion in the second quarter, and were broad-based. We continue to see impressive organic growth from Athene, driven by the diversity of their low-cost funding origination capabilities as we recently highlighted at our Investor Day. Gross inflows from Athene totaled $12 billion in the third quarter and $28 billion year-to-date, and we still expect approximately $35 billion of gross inflows for the full year 2021. Third-party inflows exceeded $5 billion in the third quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to approximately $15 billion. Third quarter activity was driven by nearly $2.5 billion from high-grade alpha mandates, bringing total high-grade alpha SMAs to over $4 billion. As we communicated at Investor Day, we expect to raise approximately $23 billion of third-party capital for full year '21, which implies a pickup in fourth quarter fundraising levels. The near-term fundraising pipeline includes fundraising for Accord Plus EPF 4 and [Revolver 2]. Additionally, with Fund IX 75% committed as of quarter end, we expect to launch the formal fundraising process for Fund X in the first quarter of 2022. In conclusion, we're encouraged by the progress we've already made to execute on our vision for tomorrow's Apollo. As Marc emphasized, we're continuing to build out our origination ecosystem to capitalize on a larger fixed income addressable market. The upcoming merger with Athene is key to this strategy, especially as a provider of a growing stream of low-cost funding. So with that, I'll hand it over to Martin to go through this quarter's financial results in more detail.
Martin Kelly: Great. Thanks, Scott. From a financial perspective, today's results provided a strong and supportive first step towards our multiyear goals that we laid out at our recent Investor Day. In the third quarter, we generated record after-tax distributable earnings of $752 million or $1.71 per share. DE was up sharply quarter-over-quarter, driven by Private Equity net realized performance fees of $0.74 per share and realized investment income of $0.66 per share. Robust net realized performance fees of $312 million were up $90 million sequentially, primarily related to strong realization activity in Fund VIII with notable transactions, including OneMain Financial, Double Eagle Energy and Apollo Education; and the first realized carry distribution from Fund IX, driven by Tech Data and Smart & Final. Particularly strong realized investment income during the quarter was driven by the monetization of our platform investment in Venerable, which was sold to certain funds we manage, and Athora. This mutually beneficial transaction allowed Apollo to redeploy capital into other strategic priorities while presenting a compelling investment opportunity at an attractive entry valuation for Athora and our fund investors. Our record DE result in the quarter was also attributable to our strong and consistent fee-related earnings, which amounted to $300 million or $0.68 per share. Despite strong realization activity, management fees continued to demonstrate growth, increasing 9% year-over-year. We generated $65 million of transaction and advisory fees during the third quarter, primarily driven by our Private Equity business and reflecting transaction fees in connection with a number of portfolio investments, including co-investment activity on the Yahoo! transaction. As we discussed at Investor Day, with an increasing focus on building and leveraging our capital solutions capabilities, you should expect the annual revenue contribution from transaction and advisory fees to increase meaningfully over the coming years. Fees related -- fee-related performance fees rose $12 million sequentially. As a reminder, these fees represent incentive-based fees from platforms or permanent capital vehicles, including Redding Ridge, the public BDC we manage and MidCap. The third quarter level is a reasonable approximation for the quarterly revenue we expect going forward. Fee-related expenses were relatively flat sequentially despite continued hiring due to start date timing. We expect fee-related expenses, both comp and non-comp costs, to increase in the fourth quarter related to this elevated hiring trend, in line with our full year 2021 margin target of approximately 54%. We expect the pace of headcount and compensation growth to normalize as we move through 2022, and the accelerated investment spend is fully incorporated into our run rate. As we explained at Investor Day, we are focused on completing a significant compensation reset that will create better alignment with investment performance and drive our future FRE compensation ratio downward. These changes will create strong alignment with shareholders and serve to increase our highest value earnings streams. As a result of this reset, we expect to experience an accelerated stock-based compensation charge around the time the merger closes. This number was reflected in the pro forma share count of approximately 600 million total shares we presented at Investor Day and does not change any of our forward earnings goals. We expect this noncash item will impact our GAAP net income, but not our operating results. Turning to AUM. Total AUM of $481 billion was up 2% quarter-over-quarter and 11% year-over-year, driven by $18 billion of inflows, which Scott detailed, and solid investment performance, partially offset by higher realizations. We declared a dividend of $0.50 per share, in line with our previous guidance, as we continue to glide path to our new fixed dividend policy. We retained excess DE of approximately $500 million for continued growth opportunities, which funded our investments of approximately $350 million in the quarter in Motive and Challenger. We expect the fourth quarter dividend, paid in February, to reflect our new dividend policy of $0.40 per quarter or $1.60 per year. Our net balance sheet value in the third quarter increased to $5.1 billion, up from $4.8 billion in the second quarter, and our cash on hand increased to $2.1 billion. Additionally, we expect to exceed the $4 DE per share guidance for 2021 that we communicated on our prior earnings call, in light of the $3.51 DE per share we've reported year-to-date. I'd like to wrap up our prepared remarks by reiterating how much we all enjoyed the opportunity to outline our strategic vision and financial targets at our recent Investor Day. We feel confident in achieving our base plan over the next 5 years, which includes growing fee-related revenue by 2.25x driven by growth in AUM and capital solutions; FRE by 2.5x due to positive operating leverage; and SRE by 1.75x, as the retirement services platforms continue to scale with the benefit of third-party capital. Overall, our goal is to more than double our DE to more than $9 per share by 2026, even before driving accretion from investing $5 billion of growth capital or executing share repurchases. We hope our strong Q3 results provide you early confidence in our ability to execute on this plan, with trailing 12-month FRE and DE, up 16% and 81% year-over-year, respectively. While certain quarterly or annual periods may show lower or higher growth, particularly as we wrap up our accelerated investments across the platform, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our goal of 18% compound growth in FRE and 60%-plus margins over the next 5 years. With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: I just wanted to come back to some of the strategic mandate wins that you alluded to earlier. I think this was in Credit. I was just hoping you could maybe give us an update on how much capital you manage in some of these strategic mandates today? And maybe if you could elaborate on where you're seeing some of the strength of flows coming into these mandates? And if you could just also talk about how you think about scaling these sort of customized mandates over time?
Martin Kelly: Mike, it's Martin. So we spoke to mandates, which were specific in the quarter to high-grade alpha, but this has been a focus of ours for a long time. And we have over $30 billion in mandates across the platform today, and that number continues to increase as we bring new mandates on, which are customized for individual LPs and provide access to investments across the platform.
Marc Rowan: It's Marc. I'll expand on it for 1 second. Martin is right, he's given you all the numbers, but let me kind of describe what it is we're trying to do. Strategic mandate definitionally is with a large account who's prepared to invest across the platform. But what is it they're trying to achieve? Really what they're trying to achieve is alignment. And so we are a pro forma for the merger with Athene, an immense investor in our own products. There is nothing more comforting for another large strategic account than to have us invested side-by-side. I think you will see us more and more emphasize the notion of alignment, both in the fixed income area and increasingly in the equity area, as no other firm will have the kind of alignment and, therefore, investment in products side by side with our clients that we will pro forma.
Operator: Our next question comes from Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI.
Glenn Schorr: So I just want to dig into the expansion into retail. For you all, I wouldn't mind getting a little bit more about what you think in terms of product development. You've mentioned [cash drop in ACRA], but tough timing, focus and key attributes that will differentiate your products there. And then just while we have it, I'll just give my follow-up as well. Since Investor Day, we've seen 2 deals, and I would just describe them as traditional asset managers buying their way into the alternatives world, they have retail distribution and now they're getting products. I'm curious to get your thoughts on that reverses commute as opposed to you with product building out distribution.
Scott Kleinman: Sure. So I'll take the first part of that. So as we described in Investor Day, we are in the midst of dramatically building out our retail capabilities. By year-end, we'll have about 30 professionals on our way to about 100 over the next couple of years. That's going to really help us move a number of products, both purpose-built for retail type products as well as further driving retail components of our traditional institutional products. One of the first products coming to market is our private BDC, which will be fully in the market by the beginning of the year. That's going to be our expectation, 1 of our flagship retail products, given the strength of our credit capabilities. But over the course of the year, we're going to have a few other products coming out as well. So we're incredibly optimistic on what our retail capabilities will be and the product development behind it.
Marc Rowan: First, thanks for tuning after suffering through 5 hours. But I guess I'd give you the following perspective. The thing that's in short supply is assets. Yes, building out [supply] is assets. Yes, building out and reaching a retail channel is -- requires effort and requires infrastructure. But ultimately, every asset that offers a good risk/reward has a home. There is no shortage of capital to find those assets. To reach a retail audience, one needs the retail audience to accept some amount of illiquidity. That is ultimately what moving into an alternative is. Increasingly, we've seen better acceptance of high net worth and retail investors of this amount of illiquidity, whether it's a private BDC, a private REIT or a true alternative in terms of the equity area. The big firms, the traditional asset managers that are buying in, in many ways, are simply validating what's there, which is the traditional markets cannot offer sustainable alpha and sustainable outperformance. And so they are recognizing that they have to go and purchase that. Ultimately, this trend -- the ability of a retail firm to distribute these products will depend in part on their -- the capacity of their retail system. Many of these traditional retail systems are not set up to offer illiquid products. And so everyone is essentially building toward this market in retail. But I come back to the place I started. Generating assets that offer attractive risk/rewards is ultimately the key to success. They will go to retail. They will go to institutional. They will go to capital solutions. They will go to retirement services balance sheets. And we want to serve all of those. We currently serve 3 of those very well, and we're building on the fourth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research
Patrick Davitt: On Australia, you mentioned MaxCap in the prepared remarks, and I think there's news that you've hired a bunch of other senior origination type people there this week. Could you update us on the opportunity there to maybe build something like it feels like you're starting to build a portfolio of origination capability there, perhaps specifically for something similar. So any thoughts around what the opportunity there is? And can we start thinking about this being something like Athene in Australia?
Scott Kleinman: Yes. Look, as we highlighted at Investor Day, Asia is probably the biggest untapped market for us on the retirement services side, massive market, very fragmented, different regulatory environments, so really plays to the strengths of Apollo. We've started entering that market in a few different ways. We've made investments in a couple of large established retirement service platforms over there. We've also been entering into a number of flow reinsurance agreements in Asia as well as another way to play to our strength. I think over time, you'll see more activity out of us in this, both on the asset and liability side and could ultimately create a consolidated platform for ourselves. But right now, the strategy is really getting into the market through some well-established players.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Katz with Citi.
William Katz: I may have missed it, I apologize. Can you just sort of go back and sort of talk through the sizable investment income on -- in the quarter? I think you mentioned that there was maybe some intercompany sale going on. Just sort of wondering what that was and sort of how I think about the go-forward impact of that?
Martin Kelly: Yes, Bill, it's Martin. So that earnings related to our investment in Venerable, which was the variable annuity platform that we set up some years back, it was not an intercompany sale. We sold to fund investors into Athora. And it was -- this was a great investment, and it was something that was ultimately not intended to be part of the Apollo ecosystem. And so we realized a great return, and we're recycling that capital back into other uses.
Marc Rowan: And Bill, it's Marc. I'll probably just expand on it. Venerable was a private entity that Apollo, Athene and 2 other private equity firms bought -- created really some number of years ago in connection with the acquisition of Voya's Variable Annuity business. In our view, Variable is not a great product to be part of a public company, given the inherent volatility of GAAP results if business is run properly. Having said that, it's been an amazing investment, all around. In the last year, a second block of business was added in connection with the Equitable transaction. And Equitable became an investor in the platform, side by side with the existing private equity firms and with Apollo and with Athene. At the Equitable mark, Apollo sold its position in Venerable to 1 of its funds and to Athora. There was obviously demand from other entities, including the other private equity firms, for that same stake. But this -- again, this was a great investment, and it's a great tool to have in our toolbox to offer the industry complete solutions in connection with delevering their insurance and retirement services balance sheets, but it is not a permanent part of Apollo on a recurring basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee: I have a question as, I guess, relates more specifically to Athene going forward. But I guess there's been some accounting changes relates to insurance companies as LDTI, I guess. And I mean, is that going to have -- would that have any impact at all on how you think about Athene's ability to maybe not originate product, but from an accounting or a capital perspective or how you would think about reporting the results?
Marc Rowan: In short, no. I mean one of the interesting things about Athene is Athene was started, as you know, in 2008 and 2009, and therefore, acquired a set of liabilities at a point in time when interest rates were very low and when there was pretty good understanding of where accounting was going. And so we, at Apollo, have been on top of, and Athene has been on top of, the setting up of the reserves at each point in time. And Athene has its call tomorrow. And I think it would be a good question for you to ask them about the LDTI and specifically, the percentage of their business that is -- comes with writers and other forms of variability versus the industry. And you'll, I believe, receive a very satisfactory answer.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexander Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: Scott, as you embark on Fund X, it sounds like first quarter, you guys are going to begin to fundraising. Can you maybe talk us through your latest thinking about sizing and what you're starting to hear from how much of the fund you expect to ultimately be re-ups from existing LPs versus some new folks? Just general thoughts around how you expect this fund to unfold.
Scott Kleinman: Yes, sure. So as you can imagine, I've been out, as others have, talking to LPs over the last couple of months. And feedback is incredibly strong. So I'm feeling very confident going into the fundraise early next year. The backdrop of demand is incredibly strong in the alternative space, particularly in Private Equity. And we have thankfully been posting really good performance. So all those things really point towards a very robust fund raise. We're not sort of giving out specific numbers, but would expect the fund raise to be at least as large as the current fund, the $25 billion. So like I said, we feel really good about that. Look, as far as the mix, each of our last several funds have been about 80% re-ups, 20% new investors based on our relationship building that probably feels like a good number, but ultimately, we'll see over the next couple of quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rufus Hone with Bank of Montreal.
Rufus Hone: I had a longer-term one on Athora. And I'd love to hear your thoughts around how you view the organic growth potential of Athora over time. Because when you look back at Athene, the organic growth really started to pick up around 5 years ago. And I was wondering if there are any structural differences between the way Athora is set up in Europe that might make it harder to scale business organically over time?
Scott Kleinman: Right. Sure. So Athora was -- has been set up like Athene initially was as buying blocks of runoff insurance. Athene got into the organic growth business over time through acquisitions and through development of their various retail and organic channels. Athora, if you look at for its first several years, has largely been that same runoff business. However, through an acquisition it just announced in Italy, it actually is picking up a meaningful new organic business platform and would expect, as it grows its Italian presence and is looking at certain other countries, could certainly consider to look at organic growth as well as the inorganic activity. In addition, the European PRT market is in its early stages, but is clearly poised to be as big or bigger than the U.S. market. And so Athora is getting organized around that as well. So to answer your initial question, nothing is structurally different or would structurally prevent that. Obviously, they're slightly different markets with different products. But where it makes sense, I would expect that, that will be the case.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gerry O'Hara with Jefferies.
Gerald O'Hara: I think in the prepared remarks, you all mentioned a kind of a pickup in 4Q fundraising. I was kind of hoping you might be able to flesh that out a little bit. And also, I guess, as we think about moving into next year beyond Fund X, what -- kind of what you're looking for to drive fundraising efforts?
Scott Kleinman: Sure. So as I alluded to in the comments, we have a number of funds expecting closes in the fourth quarter. So things like EPF is going to have its first sizable first close. Accord Plus, Hybrid Value will have another close. So just a number of variety of different funds across the PE hybrid and yield platforms. Next year, as you can imagine, a big part of the focus in the first part of the year will be our Fund X flagship, but EPF and Impact, plus several of our credit products will be having fundraises going on as well throughout the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Brian Mckenna: This is Brian McKenna for Devin. So at the Investor Day, you spoke at length about the opportunity within fintech and how Apollo can leverage this to drive a number of benefits and efficiencies across the platform. This might be difficult to answer, but is there any way to quantify the impact of this longer term, specifically as it relates to revenues and expenses?
Marc Rowan: In short, no. I think it is difficult. I think as I mentioned -- it's Marc, by the way. As we mentioned on Investor Day, this is a multipronged opportunity. And the easiest is to understand is cost. Obviously, moving securitizations from their current form to blockchain is an information advantage and a cost advantage. Its AUM, providing our capacity to accept large amounts of committed yield in the origination area to FinTech Challengers, should be a source of AUM growth and is -- takes up a considerable amount of our time. Investing in and benefiting from the fintech ecosystem with us as a large customer and as a large financial institution is also part of the playbook. But I think you should think about this very holistically. Technology is going to impact every part of our business. Ultimately, you'll see it probably first in Capital Solutions, which is the business that Craig Farr runs. Today, that business runs a salesperson to salesperson. It will not surprise you that we believe it will ultimately run linked to link. And it will be just a much more efficient way and someone will -- an investor will be able to enter an Apollo ecosystem and decide how to invest and where to invest in addition to the traditional methods. That does not mean that funds and fundraising are going to disappear quite the contrary. I think this is for a certain set of products and a certain set of institutions. But I do think innovation and change are coming to our corner of the industry. And I, for one, welcome it.
Operator: That concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I will now turn the floor to Noah Gunn for any additional or closing remarks.
Noah Gunn: Great. Thank you, again, everyone, for joining us this morning and for your continued interest in Apollo. If you have any questions regarding anything we discussed on today's call, please feel free to reach out to us, and we look forward to speaking with you all next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Management's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference call is being recorded. This call may include forward-looking statements and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to Apollo's most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Apollo will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, which management believes are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in Apollo's earnings presentation, which is available on the company's website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any interest in any Apollo Fund. I would now like to turn the call over to Peter Mintzberg, Head of Investor Relations.
Peter Mintzberg: Thanks, operator. Welcome to our second quarter 2021 earnings call. Joining me this morning are Marc Rowan, CEO; Jim Zelter, Co-President; and Martin Kelly, CFO and Co-COO. I'd like to turn it over to Marc to kick off his comments for today. 
Marc Rowan: Thanks Peter. Good morning to all. Pleasure to be here. Q2 '21 was a particularly strong quarter for Apollo. Business as you saw from our results is performing well across all metrics. Record quarterly FRE of $0.68 a share, the highest DE since 2013 of $1.14 per share strong and performance across the PE portfolio, up 9.5%, credit up 2.6%. The numbers speak for themselves. And Jim and Martin, I don't want to steal their thunder, they will review specifics of the quarter with you. In terms of other corporate housekeeping, our merger timing with Athene is on track. We expect that to close in January of '22. During the quarter, we continue to make progress across the governance and cultural enhancements. We welcome David Simon to our board. As we are on track to simplify our voting structure in connection with the merger that would again will happen in January of '22. For those who didn't see it, we recently published our 12th edition of our annual ESG report detailing how we take a holistic approach across all of the communities we operate in, and how important this is to our franchise. We also announced during the quarter our commitment to all finance and important initiative designed to diversify the alternative industry and expand opportunity to historically black colleges and universities. Additionally, during the quarter, the key person clauses in our private equity business have been satisfactorily approved and addressed. Having gotten through the housekeeping, let me do as I often do on these calls, take a step back and look at the big picture. The demand for our end product, access return remains incredibly strong. Drivers of this are persistently low rates, a growing retirement market, both for retail and institutional. Importantly, the disappearance of spread in almost any form in public markets. And the democratization of access to alternative credit and equity across other channels than historically have been available. We have positioned the firm. And the way we go to market is our ability to generate excess return alpha at all points across the risk reward spectrum. We view this as our competitive advantage. We view this as our rationale. We are in the alpha generation business rather than the collection of AUM for the purpose of collecting AUM. Across our opportunistic franchise and our hybrid franchise, we approach this in a contrarian, value oriented mentality with a proven track record over a variety of market cycles over 31 years. And the results as you've seen previously are spectacular. In Yield, the largest of our segments, this is a fixed income replacement business. This is not an opportunistic credit business. Our goal in our yield segment is to produce 150 to 200 basis points of excess return over the equivalent CUSIP across the capital structure. We want to get paid in our yield business for illiquidity and complexity and origination, not for taking additional credit risk, or assuming other risks that we do not intend. Again, stepping back, as we've said previously, in the broadest terms, over the next five years, I expect our yield business to double. And I expect our opportunistic and our hybrid business to be 50% larger. I believe this will take place without any significant acquisitions in our asset management segment. Although, as you will see, and Martin will address, we have ample capital to accelerate our growth if we find interesting opportunities. Last year, we added 300 people to our 1,300 person base. This year, we will add between 300 and 400 people. And I am confident that we will end the year position to support and accelerate growth into 2022. I don't want to take too much away from strategy, but I will step back and now talk a little bit about strategy as we are fortunate to be in a growth business. Almost every day the business gets better. The trends in the business are overwhelmingly favorable. And we look forward to providing you an in-depth perspective on our business and our go forward strategy at an Investor Day, which we will announce which we expect to take place in the month of October. In advance of Investor Day, I want to touch on a couple of building blocks which I've mentioned previously. In order for us to double the yield business and increase the opportunistic and hybrid business by 50%, we need to do a couple of things. First and foremost, is to expand our capacity to generate investments, origination. Second is to strengthen our distribution capabilities, particularly in our hybrid and opportunistic segments. And third and a relatively new area for us to touch on, but one that consumes a lot of our time and mindshare is to prepare the company for the innovation and change that is taking place across the financial services landscape. Make no mistake the innovations we are seeing in FinTech which have taken place across trading markets, and other types of markets are coming to alternative finance. We view this as a significant opportunity rather than a threat, as I believe we are well prepared for it. And I believe our industry, given that it moves relatively quickly, will be well positioned to take advantage of this. Let me start by a review of origination. A lot of what I read, particularly in the analysts commentary, and even ourselves, we talk about the permanent nature of our capital, so called perpetual capital. I think of origination as perpetual asset origination. We want each year not to have to start from zero. We want to be able to count on recurring asset origination opportunities across our yield business, because the demand for yield product is going up, and 100% of what we originate has a home. This quarter, we made significant progress in the origination. We announced a significant relationship with Victory Park which will give us access on a senior basis to the growth and technology lending space. And we announced the acquisition of Foundation Mortgage, a UK based mortgage lender, you should expect to see us make additional announcements with respect to our origination franchises over the remainder of the quarter. We are and the industry is short origination. The capacity to originate, the expansion of our capacity to originate is key to our growth, particularly across our yield business. As it relates to these alternative distribution channels, again, significant progress was made during the quarter, we expect to have a fully ramped up retail distribution business in place for the launch of Fund IX as well as certain credit products toward the end of this year. And we expect retail to be a significant part of our go forward strategy, which I know Jim will spend some time on in his remarks. Let me hit on this other topic of innovation and change coming to our landscape. Apollo, one of our key strengths is in financial services, not just in the growth of our retirement services businesses, but in banking, in lending, in origination. Our business as I said is evolving. And we like our peers are ourselves a large financial institution. Changes are coming to the way products are distributed. Changes are way coming to the way we securitize and the way markets function. And changes are coming to the way we originate assets. All of these things as I said, we welcome. I believe these plays toward our strength, rather than something that we should be concerned about. During the quarter, we announced two significant ventures, one with Motive, which is a strategic investment to help position us at the forefront of FinTech and technological innovation. And the second with Figure, which is a strategic collaboration to implement blockchain, across the investment lifecycle, particularly focused on securitization. These are not pie in the sky. These are real, tangible things that will have immediate cost benefits, data collection benefits and other benefits to our business. Away from the three things I mentioned, a lot of interesting opportunities during the quarter, you will hear and I will steal a little bit of Athene thunder. There is a robust stream of growth in retirement services across the platform. This year, we expect to originate at Athene north of $30 billion on an organic basis. And if trends continue, could be as much as $35 billion. Further, we made a significant minority investment joining Athene in taking a stake in Challenger. Challenger looks an awful lot like Apollo and Athene But in a fast growing and really interesting Australian market. They are both an originator of assets, as well as the largest provider of annuity product in the Australian market. Before I turn it to Jim and Martin, I just want to make it clear, there is just incredible momentum across the platform. This is internal and this is external. We are laying the groundwork for first and exciting Investor Day, but also looking very much forward to completing the merger with Athene beginning of '22 and a very strong '22. We are seeing the tangible benefits of the cultural initiatives we put in place. Our workforce is engaged, excited, and wants to be back in the office. With that my pleasure to turn the call over to my partner James Zelter. 
James Zelter: Thanks Marc. And thank you all for joining us this morning. I want to echo Marc sentiment; we continue to deliver strong results across all key metrics. And we expect the momentum to continue and build as we make tangible progress on our growth focused agenda. Strategic growth is at the forefront of everything we do, but we are still maintaining a strong focus on execution as our quarterly results demonstrate. As Marc highlighted, overall investment performance remains strong, with a PE portfolio of 9.5% in the quarter and the credit portfolio is up 2.6%. In private equity, Fund IX is leading the way with exceptional performance, driving a gross IRR of 49% and 28% net with a gross MOIC of 1.5x. In credit, with spreads tight, we have been moving up in credit quality and finding returns to superior asset selection and origination. We've seen particularly strong performance out of a Core IV with appreciation 20% to the first half of the year, including 8% in the second quarter. Elsewhere within the opportunistic side of the business, our inaugural hybrid value fund is delivering strong performance with a gross IRR of 29% and 23% net. Moving to our deployment results. Our ability to find attractive investment opportunities, even during periods of elevated valuations has proven both critical and fruitful. Total deployment across the platform, up $28 billion was a quarterly record. In our private equity business, our drawdown funds invested $5 billion and have additional commitments to invest a further $6 billion as of quarter end, including Fund IX investments in Yahoo and Employee Bridge. Yesterday, our private equity business announced a 7.5 billion carve out of Lumen's ILEC business across 20 states with a strategy to bring faster, more reliable internet service to underserved markets and accelerate upgrades to fiber connectivity. This draws on our telecom and infrastructure expertise. And we'll have a management team in place which helped build Verizon's successful BIOS network. Through this investment, we're excited to help bridge the digital divide in America with a transaction that aligns well with our strategy, sourcing value oriented investments with aspects of complete that represent transformational opportunities as a corporate carve out. Including Lumen, Fund IX is now 72% committed or invested. Given the current deployment outlook and the robust IX returns, we expect to be fundraising for Fund X in the first half of next year. Our vision for the hybrid value platform is materializing as planned, with a very active pipeline of transactions as companies are increasingly seeking flexible, bespoke capital solutions. Hybrid Value Fund I s nearly fully deployed, and we expect to begin deploying from Fund II-VI in the very near term. We also signed our first GP solutions transaction this quarter, in conjunction with our hybrid value franchise. In our credit franchise, deployment and origination was also very strong at $19 billion during the quarter, our highest since the fourth quarter of '19. We have remained defensively positioned this year in comparison where we were a year ago and continue to focus on idiosyncratic opportunities and individual names. Mid cap, CLOs and our commercial real estate debt businesses all have strong origination quarters, contributing $10 billion on total credit deployment. Additionally, our aviation business completed a $1 billion aircraft related origination volume during the quarter, our most active quarter in years. This deal volume coincided with the final close of our inaugural aviation drawdown fund navigator, which showcases our ability to leverage our industry expertise into a retail dedicated product. As we look forward, our origination pipeline remains strong across mid cap, Europe and aviation to name a few areas. On the monetization front, we realized very strong returns for our fund investors during the quarter. We return $9 billion of capital, up significantly from the prior year period. The private equity flywheel is very much in motion. We have entered a robust realization cycle encompassing two flagship funds. At the same time, we expect sizeable monetization activities in Fund XIII, IX to be balanced with a continued and healthy deployment activity. Turning to growth and assets under management, recall that our business generates inflows in a variety of ways. We have our institutional fundraising channel, our emerging global Wealth Management Solutions platform, the consistent and strong growth coming from through our retirement services clients, namely Athene as well as inorganic growth potential across the platform. While this mix can vary year-to-year, depending on opportunity, as well as the timing of certain products in the market. The breadth and depth of our platform ensures attractive growth across time. As such inflows for the second quarter were $12 billion bringing total inflows for the first half of the year to $26 billion. For the full year, we expect to generate inflows of approximately $50 billion, driven by $30 billion or more of inflows from Athene, as Marc mentioned, and approximately $20 billion of inflows from our third party institutional and wealth management businesses at the high end of our previously communicated $15 billion to $20 billion targeted range. Not surprisingly, organic growth trends at Athene remain very favorable and appear to be accelerating with particular strength in year-to-date funding agreement banknote issuance and pension risk transfer activity, where they just announced a $5 billion transaction yesterday. In our third party institutional business, we've had strong engagement with fund investors on both existing and new products. And for example, we are making strong tangible progress on our capital raise of our $1 billion plus inaugural impact fund. We also plan to be in the market for our inaugural accord plus fund, a new multi asset class opportunistic credit product this fall. As we discussed earlier this year, we see tremendous growth opportunity potential in the high net worth in mass affluent markets, given its increasing sophistication, and are investing heavily to capitalize on this long term opportunity through our dedicated Global Wealth Management Solutions platform. We are approaching the opportunity with a leading brand name and investment track record establishing targeted distribution and tailoring products so that the individual investors globally can access our strategies across the risk reward spectrum. We are also focusing on how education, technology and client service will shape our approach. In addition to hiring ahead of US distribution, we built out a team to cover the US private banks and warehouses, including wholesalers with coverage across the country, as well as national account professionals. We have plans to continue to add professionals in the US and internationally as we build out our global footprint. The independent channel is also a priority for us as we look to expand our existing coverage. We're focused on deepening our partnership across Wealth Management channels, globally through the distribution of our qualified purchaser strategies, including but not limited to our large scale direct origination, hybrid value and PE. But additionally, we're also contemplating several accredited strategies, including several semi liquid private credit opportunities. Historically, approximately 94% of Apollo's third party inflows have come from the institutional channel. But we're actively working to change that mix. In three to five years, we believe the contribution from the wealth management channel will be a material part of our third party inflows, given the vast opportunity in the $55 trillion plus global retail market. As a reminder, Athene already access as part of the retail market via its retirement services product offering. We believe the alignment we are creating with our upcoming merger will help expand their retail network as well. You'll likely notice that we had a very strong transaction advisory fees in the second quarter, including $55 million of fees from the credit business. These results reflect our ability to source and distribute large scale credit as we have made growing our high grade alpha origination pipeline, our strategic priority. One of the largest transactions this quarter was per Hertz, which follows other successful transactions over the past year, including ADNOC and AB InBev. Alongside our efforts in large cap lending, we have been very focused on developing our capital solutions platform. This quarter we made several key hires to help scale our centralized origination, structuring and distribution platform. And we are confident that we will continue to see significant acceleration of this market opportunity and feel comfortable that our business will grow. As Marc touched upon, we announced several strategic investments this quarter, which we believe will bolster our front end origination capabilities longer term. Continuing to invest and growing these front end origination platform is a key tenet of our growth strategy, so you should expect us to announce additional investments to further broaden the platform. Our recently announced partnership with Victory Park will give us access to proprietary origination in the ecommerce financing markets. Additionally, Athene acquisition of Foundation home loans will complement our expanding asset sourcing in the residential mortgage space in the UK, we expect that businesses will be multiple -- both of these will be multiple billion asset originators for Athene's balance sheet, and our institutional investors over the coming several years. As part of our broader innovation agenda, we announced two key investments this quarter, Motor partners and Figure. We are embracing technology as another way to expand our origination and distribution capabilities and to help put us at the forefront of advancement and disruption across financial services. Additionally, we believe that the broad adoption of blockchain to materially reduce back office operating expenses and presents additional revenue synergy upside.  In conclusion, we are making substantial investments across our credit and opportunistic businesses, as well as our enterprise solutions platform to take advantage of the opportunity set in various growth markets. We have shown meaningful progress on expanding our capabilities and footprint in the first half of the year. And you should expect to see us continue to make additional announcements in the coming months. With that, I'll turn over to my partner Martin. 
Martin Kelly: Thanks Jim. In the second quarter, as you've heard, Apollo recorded very strong results across all key financial and operating metrics. We generated FRE of $0.68 per share on a pretax basis. On dollar basis FRE increased 5% quarter-over-quarter and 16% year-over-year, driven by growth in management fees and an uptick in transaction and advisory fees. Fee related earnings exceeded $300 million for the first time, illustrating our continued progress in growing this highly valuable earnings stream. Management fees grew 3% sequentially and 15% over the prior year quarter driven by the growth of our retirement services clients as well as strong investing activity across our platform broadly. Transaction and advisory fees were $83 million in the quarter, up $28 million over the prior quarter and totaled $139 million over the first half of the year.  These strong results reflect the build out of our large cap lending business; including a significant financing transaction with Hertz and co invest capital for the Michaels transaction within Fund IX. Compensation expense was up 4% over the prior quarter, largely driven by the strategic hiring activity Marc discussed earlier. These additional resources are critical to support the abundant growth opportunities in front of us, as well as to position the platform for increased efficiency in the future. Looking forward, we expect compensation expenses will continue to trend higher, reflecting this hiring investment. However, we remain confident that this cost growth will be managed in line with our long term mid teens or better FRE growth expectations. Non compensation costs increased $18 million sequentially due to higher recruitment costs and occupancy expenses as we expand our global real estate footprint to adequately accommodate our growing team. Turning to DE, for the second quarter, we generated after tax distributable earnings of $1.14 per share, supported both by our strong and consistent pretax FRE, a net incentive earnings of $0.58 per share. Behind the strength of private equity realization activity during the quarter, we recognize $222 million of net carry, notable transactions including LifePoint Health, Forraya, Double Eagle Energy, Apollo Education Group and OneMain Financial among others. From the quarter's DE, we announced a dividend of $0.50 per share. We retained excess cash earnings to invest in growing the new platforms that Mike and Jim both described. The aggregate investment by Apollo and affiliates in these platforms across the second and third quarters amounted to approximately $1 billion. As we evaluate additional investment opportunities with our upcoming change in dividend policy post merger, we're on a glide path to his new approach and expect a similar $0.50 per share dividend in the third quarter before the new $0.40 per share dividend takes effect after the merger closes. As Jim mentioned, we've entered a robust realization cycle that we believe will provide sustained and meaningfully higher realizations. In the near term, and as evidence of this, we expect to report 2021 full year after tax DE of over $4 per share. Based on activity to date in the third quarter, we have already realized pretax net carry of approximately $0.50 per share. When you consider Apollo is ramping incentive earnings paired with strong and growing FRE and further combined with the attractive growth and earnings profile at Athene, the earnings growth and capital generation characteristics are very powerful. Turning to AUM; we ended the second quarter at $472 billion, up 2% quarter-over-quarter and 14% year-over-year, driven by third party fundraising, organic growth from Athene as well as portfolio appreciation and partly offset by strong PE realization activity. Fee generating AUM of $354 billion was up 2% quarter-over-quarter and 7% year-over-year. Dry powder for investments across our fund complex totaled $48 billion at the end of the quarter, of which $25 billion has the potential to drive management fees once invested. S&P recently published the annual report on Apollo and upgraded our credit rating outlook to positive. Our net economic balance sheet after debt and preferred stock was approximately $11 per share as of June 30, increasing nearly $3 per share quarter-over-quarter. To echo both Mike and Jim, we are pleased with the impressive results this quarter. And we expect the strong business momentum demonstrated in the first half of the year to continue. Looking forward, we are focused on executing our growth strategy, including via our announced merger with Athene. In order to lay out our growth strategy in more detail, especially as it pertains to the upcoming merger, we will be hosting an Investor Day in October. And we hope many of you will be able to reconnect with us in person for this important event. We expect to have a very targeted agenda centered on several key focus points, including the growth strategy of our combined business, the financial construction and earning streams of our combined company as well as our earnings profile and capital allocation expectations. With that, I'll turn the call back to Peter.
Peter Mintzberg:  Thank you, Martin. That concludes our remarks for today. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
AlexBlostein: Great. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking the question. So in the prepared remarks, I heard lots of growth initiatives really across a pretty wide spectrum of initiatives, which is great to hear on top of Athene, I guess, taking a step back, can you help us maybe with a framework and sort of the growth algorithm for management fees outside of the insurance partnerships, call it over the next two years, especially as realizations from private equity vintages start to accelerate.
MarcRowan: Maybe, it's Marc, maybe I'll provide a framework for it, and then turn it to Martin and to Jim to fill in. So broadly, what we've said, and again, we will be more specific in Investor Day, we expect our yield business to double. And we expect our opportunistic and hybrid business to be 50%, larger over the next five years. That is a doubling of the business, doubling of FRE, doubling of AUM and that is without significant acquisitions, or any real acquisitions, from the capital that we have accumulated in the capital that we will accumulate at the combined entity. So I think that provides at least some backdrop and framework for how we're going to grow. I'll dig into a little bit on without Athene question. And this will carry over to remarks I expect from other questions. 100% of any asset that we originate in the yield business has a home. In fact, 150% of any asset that we originate in the yield business has a home, we as an asset manager, have a choice. And that choice is do we derive a pure asset management fee from that? Or do we derive a pure asset management fee plus spread related earnings? What we have done and what the merger with Athene reiterate is that we believe given that asset scarcity is the limited on our growth in the yield business rather than liability accumulation, we should earn as much money as possible from assets that we originate. That does not mean at the expense of third party business, because we can't take concentrated positions on to a retirement services balance sheet. But and so what we have done is we have built an expanding ecosystem of similarly situated companies, all of whom face the same challenge that Athene and others face, which is the absence of spread in public markets. So long as we increase the origination capacity, 100% of those assets have a home, they can go onto Athene and Athora's balance sheet, they can go to third parties, they can go as we've already suggested into a mix, as opposed to looking at it as one or the other. So Jim, Martin?
JamesZelter: No, I would echo that I think, well, what we've -- a great example, Alex, is the high grade alpha where those transactions were very -- were critical, and Athene or Athora or other insurance balance sheets with the lead buyer, but a combination of other third parties augmented that demand side, so they go hand in hand, the growth goes hand in hand, the creation and the development of these origination goes hand in hand. And certainly we look at them as multi year growth. The critical aspect is the origination angle. But the balance sheets of the insurance companies as well as third party institutions grow and certainly as you grow wealth management, that retail democratization will be at the trough as well.
MarcRowan: Maybe I'll just -- I'll close out because I think we're -- one point that I do want to emphasize the go-to-market strategy asset origination is key. But it also is followed by alignment. There is nothing more reassuring to a third party client, then the affiliated balance sheet owns the same security and size same time same price. That is in fact a unique selling proposition and why in particular in things like high grade alpha and we expect other areas. We will see significant growth in third party business side by side with Athene.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr from Evercore ISI.
GlennSchorr: Hi, thanks. Maybe we can continue the conversation on the origination side. So I hear you loud and clear 100% of the assets originate at home. So my questions are, and I know that may we'll talk generically because each one's probably different. We look at something like Victory Park or the UK mortgage lender. What percentage of their production are you getting? Who controls the underwriting? Is it exclusive? And does Apollo take on any risk in these transactions? I know the assets are going in the funds. But I know that's a lot, but I want to learn more. Thanks. 
MarcRowan: Okay. So first, Glenn, thank you. These are not your droids either. Just to show you that we actually, we could publish. But let's come back to what origination is. Origination gives us control of documentation. It gives us control of diligence. It gives us control of structure. And it gives us improved economics. But one thing it does not give us is liquidity. We think that is the right trade off for a fixed income replacement business, which are the general characteristics of our yield business. There is no one size fits all with respect to the platform. But the reason to do this is to control the credit process and the diligence process and not expose yourself to undue risks. In some of the platforms and I won't just stop there because there are Donlin, PK Aviation, mid cap, net lease, and a number of others. In some of the platforms we derive as Apollo or as the broader Apollo, Athene and third party management ecosystem 100% of the production.  In others, we also securitize and participate in capital markets, at least for a portion. This is all about optimization of the specific risk reward in platforms we own, and platforms we partner with, which is another way for us to acquire a platform. Now let Jim address what we do with Victory Park.
JamesZelter: So what Marc just described is what we have with the names he mentioned, including Foundation where we'll take all those assets, put them onto our insurance or other balance sheets, and then the ongoing flow will exclusively come to us because we in essence, control and own that platform. Victory Park different; Victory Park, they have really spent a number of years really fine tuning their financing and funding to the growing expansion of online financial retail distribution. And in that case, we are a partner with that firm where we provide a senior facility, and they are the junior debt and equity underneath us. There is some alignment between warrants or otherwise. But again, we are aligning to their flow because as the ecosystem of finance and funding has evolved in the last 10 years, there are certain firms that are really connected with the consumer in other ways than traditional bank lending. And so we want to be the financing partner to those firms. And in those situations where we don't control all the aspects that Marc said, the ultimate control we have is to open or tighten the flow of product over a quarterly basis. So what we've actually found is the flexibility to go from 100% control to align partner around the US and around the globe. That's really allows us to create that incremental spread on that on that fixed income alternative is that Marc talked about. 
MarcRowan: And more broadly, Glenn, just to come back to this again, we as an industry, and often particularly we spent a lot of time talking about perpetual capital, we really are interested in perpetual asset origination. We need to start each year understanding that we have the capacity to generate significant amounts of yield the assets appropriate for the client base, internal and third party that we have elected to serve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys - Morgan Stanley.
MichaelCyprys: Hey, good morning, and thanks for taking the question. Marc, I guess with nearly a year or half year under your belt running the firm. Can you just talk about how you are improving the governance structure of the firm? How the board structure is evolving? How are you seeing the culture of the firm evolving here? And can you also touch upon the key person point that you mentioned at the beginning of your remarks that was satisfied and address? Thank you.
MarcRowan: Sure, let me work backwards. The key person again, I think as Scott suggested in his remarks last quarter, the PE franchise is a franchise that has been well institutionalized. The team that oversees our private equity business have Matt Nord and David Sambur have really been the primary contributors for the past three funds, the results in the business are nothing short of spectacular as you heard this morning, then the notion just to step back that a $25 billion fund is up high 40s, gross and high 20s net. And such a strong MOIC is itself astounding, almost sounds like venture numbers. So I do not believe that we really ever thought that this was an issue, and it simply reflects the evolution and maturation of the franchise where those people who are most important to the franchise are now I'll say key men, but I really mean key person, because that's increasingly where we're going. And those who are less important to the franchise, or are moving on as in Josh's case, are no longer key people. So not an issue. Culture is a big area of focus. So when I divided the tasks with my two partners, Scott and Jim, I said what you would expect, as CEO I get to choose first. So I'd like to do strategy, culture, communication, and dealing with problems. And I left most everything else to the two of them, including the day to day running of the business. But culture is key. Internally, Apollo's culture has really always worked. I mean I give these statistics but it sometimes it's helpful just to reframe it.  We started 2020 as 1,300 person firm. We added 300 people remotely during 2020. And turnover went down, we will add between 300 and 400 people and turnover is trending down. What we have built internally is the most collegial, the most integrated, the most entrepreneurial model. And I believe all of those things we need to do and we need to double down on. Having said that, we also need to recognize that the world is changing and markets are changing. Increasingly, our business by population is comprised of FRE generation businesses around yield. That requires a different set of compensation tools, a different culture and a different approach. And we are evolving rather than radically changing. The momentum in this place is palpable, and it feels great.  I'll just add I want to not leave it unsaid. Governance is also a transition. As I previously noted on calls, our entire industry is going through an evolution, the evolution started, we all pretty much started as private equity only Private limited partnerships. Those firms that were successful in those activities and institutionalize their business God trusted with more capital, those that also did well, with more capital got to broaden the strategies. And once you got to that a number of the firms sufficiently as institutionalized were successful and going public. That generation of founders will turn over. I know some don't think that will happen, but inevitably will happen. We are the first of the large firms really to go through that wholesale transition, not just at a management level, but at the governance level and a shareholding level. As I said, somewhat jokingly, I believe others will do it less noisily than we have. But it does feel good to be on the other side of that. The business functions normally, we function with the board as any public company would function with the board. And there's just no impediment to what we're doing. We will lay out in Investor Day, alongside the topics that Martin discussed our approach to governance, and also approach to compensation and some of these cultural initiatives going forward. But it does feel really good.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Katz from Citigroup.
BillKatz: Okay, thanks very much taking the question, and good morning, everybody. You guys are going pretty quick in terms of what you're doing on the retail side. So wondered if you could give sort of maybe your recap where we are today? And as you look into 2022, it sounds like maybe where like the early opportunities might sit in terms of capital rising? Thank you.
JamesZelter: Sure, Bill, it's Jim. So this just a level set. If you look over the last number of years approximately 95% of our fundraising had been through our traditional institutional channels. And we had raised with some -- with a higher net worth that the private banks and a large warehouses, some of our flagship products, whether it was EPF or fund, our PE funds, Those had been a traditional distribution channel for us. Starting actually, in the middle of last year, we embarked on a strategy to dramatically increase our global wealth distribution channel. And we really aligned our senior leadership to allow the next generation to come up and run our institutional business, and proven leadership under Stphane to really focus on the global wealth channel. So we set it up about a year ago, part of the numbers that Marc and Martin went through about the hiring this year, we've hired a tremendous amount of folks. And so we believe that through the course of this year, we will have a team that can really feel the breadth of distribution across geographies, and products.  So to your next question, a lot of the products we have are just really opening the spigot to what we have today. But it's also creating new products that fit the accredited marketplace. Obviously, we have non traded BDC that we expect to be out in the market in the latter quarters of this year, and to really ramp up in '22 and beyond. But there are a variety of other products in the lab, that we will focus really on the yield and the hybrid products for the mass retail agendas not only in the US, but in Europe and Asia. So that's the three part plan. We all have seen how large the marketplace is, we believe it's a whether the numbers are $40 trillion or $55 trillion; it's a massive total addressable market. We believe our brand, our track record, our product innovation, will be able to conquer our fair share, and go on from there. But it's an exciting growth tool for the firm. And we expect to have our participation.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt from Autonomous Research.
PatrickDavitt: Hi, good morning, everyone. You mentioned the challenger state, could you help us understand a bit better how this could flow through earnings and value for Apollo shareholders? And is the endgame here having another insurance platform like Athene or Athora but in Australia?
MarcRowan: So it's Marc, I think it will depend; we'll see how it develops. But just to recap, we over a roughly 12 year period, we're a minority shareholder of Athene, and only earlier this year did we decide to bring in 100%. We also have a significant but minority shareholding in Athora and so we look around the world. And there are a bunch of really interesting markets. And this is probably more than you want. But regulatory change and the absence of spread in public markets is creating opportunities in Japan and Taiwan, in Hong Kong and a number of other markets. Some of those markets are best access through reinsurance or through other types of entry strategies. But a market like Australia is best accessed, in our opinion, through a stake holding in an established company with its own strategy, its own regulatory and asset origination capability, and quite frankly, a mentality that is very similar to ours. So I think it's early days. But I'll come back to the growth in the retirement services business is not about liabilities. It is all about assets.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Lee from KBW.
RobertLee: Great, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just going to transaction fees and maybe taking into that a little bit. Obviously, we're -- I've been up a lot. And can you maybe give us a sense, as you ramp the origination capabilities. Now have -- kind of get a good sense, better sense of kind of the linkage of that to origination versus also maybe realization activity. If there's, if you see, as your realization activity ramps up also, if we should see that translate in some ways to the higher transaction fees doing, maybe just figure some of the build up.
JamesZelter: Sure. So we think about our platform, as the landscape has evolved over the last decade and as our trends -- as our platforms evolve. As Marc and I and Martin have all said, origination is the key to our business. And so the ability for us to source product that we directly originate whether it's in the commercial real estate, residential, real estate, corporate world, it's critical to our long term growth on that spread business. The reality is the scale of our business today, the ecosystem of combining origination, structuring, and then in the need of syndication. It's like a flywheel, the larger transactions you get, there's a thinner universe of folks that can provide those capital solutions for the companies I mentioned Hertz being the one this year. And again, once that flywheel gets going, your ability to be important to borrowers, as well as not only our balance sheets, but third party, institutional clients and other LPs.  It's a critical flywheel. So yes, as we ramp up our bespoke origination in the US, but globally, and our dialogue with all different types of industries expands, you will expect to see larger transaction fees. And as I said, interestingly enough, last year with our success of the transactions, the ADNOC and the AB InBev, our ecosystem with large, US insurers dramatically increased. And not only did they come in for vehicles and SMEs on those types of products, but it expanded back into our business and some of our opportunistic impact infrastructure. And I suspect you'll see a lot more activity on those investors in Fund IX. So the flywheel and the ecosystem are connected. The whole capital solutions, capital markets transactions have worked between all three are inherently connected. And it's a big growth area. And we brought in some great leadership. We think that our capital markets and integrated platform, the fact that we don't have any information barriers between all of our businesses, what's going on in the syndication, syndicated loan market with direct lending, which we've been a big player in with our JV with Mubadala, these are all connected, and you'll see us talk continuously about those in the quarters and Investor Day to come.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerry O'Hara from Jefferies.
GerryO'Hara: Great, thanks. Maybe one for Martin. Appreciate the comments kind of around continued investment with respect to comp expense, but also, balanced against mid teens or better FRE growth expectations. And I suspect you'll probably flush a little bit this out during the Investor Day, but can you give us a little bit of a sense of how to think about FRE margin over the next kind of, I guess, six to 12 months? Or longer as it relates to those comments. Thank you.
MartinKelly: Yes, so Gerry, we're actually -- we're really focused on FRE dollar growth, we're very comfortable with margins where they are, which are sort of low to mid-50s. And investment and building out the platform needs P&L, CapEx, and so you invest now for revenues later. So we are -- we've suggested using the numbers of Marc has outlined on doubling in yield and a 50% growth in opportunistic as sort of as a baseline. That's a 15% FRE growth rate. I would expect that the margin will sort of hold around current levels. And we'll always be investing for future growth opportunities that we see ahead of us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan from JMP.
BrianMcKenna: Hi, thanks. This is Brian McKenna for Devin. It's probably a little early, but what are your initial expectations for private equity Fund X fundraising, do you think you'll be able to raise something similar to Fund IX which was about $25 billion? And there are clearly a lot of deployment opportunities across the market today. So how do you think about appropriately capping the fund relative to the current deployment backdrop?
MartinKelly: That's our working plan. Our working assumption is that we will seek to raise a fund the same size or similar size to that which we have. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Beatty from UBS.
AdamBeatty: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I want to circle back to the third of the three themes that Marc laid out in the opening, specifically FinTech driven change in alternative management. We can infer something from the discussion of Victory Park and some of the other deals, but just wanted to give you the opportunity to frame out what you see as the two or three most important changes. The questions being asked if you will of the alternative management industry by FinTech and you might want to save the answers for later on. Thank you.
MarcRowan: Look, we'll do a little of this now, but I think there are some of the obvious. First comes to me in balance sheet. Most of the FinTech providers do not want to be the owners of the assets; they want to be the pipe or the originator. And we are an excellent partner for platforms that we trust, whose underwriting we trust with full visibility and full credit, and documentation due diligence. And what you will see us do is what we've been doing backing those who we think are winners, taking stakes, where we think it's important to take a stake, and otherwise facilitating an infrastructure and an ecosystem that generates the kind of fixed income replacement 150 to 200 basis points over comparable and investment grade that we are looking for. And we have a huge appetite for this. And we are a relatively easy partner to work with, and very commercial. The second place is we are a massive user of FinTech services; look at our securitization business, which is the first area that we are attacking with Figure.  This is an opportunity for cost reduction, documentation improvement, debt data gathering speed to market. And I doubt this will be the last of the partnerships that we have in terms of validation of blockchain or other types of services that offer these opportunities. And that's before we start thinking about our own business. Jim alluded to it. But if you think back to Jim's comments on the security, excuse me, the syndication business; the syndication business has existed in its existing form for forever. We generate in a centralized way, a clearinghouse of product, and it's sold salesperson to salesperson. My guess is you will see, over time, some amount of technology applied to that. And the pace of innovation is actually increasing. And what we're seeing is a lot of the most interesting innovation is taking place in the high net worth and ultra high net worth channels first. And I expect that to continue over the near term. And ultimately, to move into the institutional channel. Final thing I would point to is the entire documentation process, the subscription. And signing on for institutional partnerships is surprisingly antiquated. Probably the best word I could find. I think the streamlining of our business, through the use of technology, including through interactions with our investors, is just going to gather steam. But those would, I would say, the mundane, more to come. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Katz from Citigroup.
BillKatz: Thanks so much. I think sounds like you are going to spend a lot more time on this in October, so perhaps leave it to then. But you obviously have one insider in particular, that's been selling rather heavily. Just given everything that you're doing in terms of funding growth elsewhere, any opportunity to remove some of that technical overhang, particularly given the overall change among the three original partners.
MarcRowan: Yes, Bill, this is alternatives that we would do what we can to avoid a significant and persistent selling of stock, obviously subject to agreement, but there are the obvious structural transactions that we can look at to do that. My sense is he is comfortable with what he's done. And as he steps back from the business, he wanted to lighten up a bit. So it's not surprising. But he'll make his own decisions. And if we can facilitate that, then we will.
Operator: Our next question Patrick Davitt from Autonomous Research.
PatrickDavitt: Hi, guys. Thanks for the follow up. The credit performance was pretty outsized for a non 4Q results. So could you give a little bit more color on the driver of that? And in that vein, as we look into 4Q, could you give us an idea of how the hedge funds that drove the big 4Q performance for you last year are tracking relative to last year?
JamesZelter: Yes, so I'll let Martin get in this detail as well. But whether it was Accord or some of the other products that have continued to do well, Accord is the reminder is the product that has a limited drawdown window 12 to 18 months, and then it's monetized. We're on Accord IV for now. And there's been some great success of that platform over the last three or four years. Hence, the development of the new products, Accord plus which expands it, but that really was probably the key reason on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
MarcRowan: Yes, it was a couple of different funds. But Patrick 90%, plus 90% of the total carry came from PE and that was across portfolio of funds. It's actually interesting that we're seeing the tail end of Fund VII, the Fund VIII to Fund IX and the bulk of the carry coming from Fund VIII and hybrids is contributing as well. So there's each of those funds has a diverse portfolio of investments which are starting to monetize principally in Fund VIII but Fund IX is helping around the hedges and so as we look forward, the main story will be Fund VIII realizations for the next handful of years and then Fund IX should pick up on the back of that in real size. Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Apollo Global Management's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. During today's discussion, all callers will be placed in a listen-only mode and following management's prepared remarks, the conference call will be open for your questions. This conference call is being recorded. This call may include forward-looking statements and projections which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to Apollo's most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Apollo will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call which management believes are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in Apollo's earnings presentation which is available on the company's website. Also note that nothing on this call constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to purchase any interest in any Apollo Fund. I would now like to turn the call over to Peter Mintzberg, Head of Investor Relations.
Peter Mintzberg: Thanks operator and welcome to our first quarter 2021 earnings call. Joining me this morning are Marc Rowan, CEO and Co-Founder; Scott Kleiman, Co-President; and Martin Kelly, CFO and Co-COO. I would like to turn it over to Marc to kick off our comments for today.
Marc Rowan: Good morning. Thank you Peter and welcome all. Q1 2021 was a strong quarter for Apollo. Record FRE of 287 million or $0.65 a share up 26% year-over-year, up 4% sequentially. Total inflows of 13 billion, excuse me, fund driven by 5 billion of fund raising and 4 billion of Athene organic growth. AUM of 461 billion up 145 billion year-over-year, 46% year-over-year and 6 billion quarter-over-quarter reflecting 13 billion of inflows, 9 billion of positive marks on the PE portfolio, partially offset by reductions in the yield portfolios at Athene and Athora due to rising rates and changing position of the Euro. Our opportunistic businesses had a particularly strong quarter as they are positioned for a strong U.S. and European recovery. The PE portfolio in particular was up 22% versus an S&P of 5.8%.  Scott, I know will take you through more details including deployment and realizations, and Martin will take you through the financials. As I discussed on our last earnings call, I had some simple observations on our business and by extension our strategy. We are in our growth business. This quarter and the year-over-year results make this abundantly clear. We provide a product that is in high demand. We provide excess returns to investors on a risk adjusted basis. We serve a growing market driven primarily by the need for retirement income. We serve this market directly through our Athena and Athora affiliates and indirectly through our institutional clients, our pension funds, retirement system, sovereign wealth funds, and others. The demographics and market trends of our market, aging indexation, low rates, need for retirement income mean that in general the business gets better every day.  We recognize how fortunate we are to be in a growth business. If you dig down to the next level, if you look at our largest business, our yield business, which is more than 330 billion of our AUM, that business is not limited in its growth by capital or liabilities. It is limited in its growth by assets, and that limitation is only temporary. It is our job and therefore our strategy to expand our capacity to generate assets that provide interesting risk reward for this segment of the market. In our hybrid and opportunistic businesses it is a little bit more balanced. Some of our strategies still have substantial room to expand by expanding their access to capital because the front end of those businesses is just so strong.  Apollo's unique value proposition is that we are exceptionally good at generating excess returns across a very broad swath of the risk return spectrum from investment grade to private equity. Examples of excess return across this very broad spectrum, not over one year but over a very long period of time, I think are instructive. In private equity, our 31-year return is 39% gross, 24% net with every core private equity fund having generated carry an incredible track record, which puts us substantially ahead of the top quartile PE performance. It's not any one fund, it's not the size of fund, it's not any one investment cycle, it is the discipline of the franchise and what we do and I know Scott will spend time walking you through the returns of the most recent fund and how we approach our opportunistic businesses. In our yield business I believe the best example of our capacity to generate excess return is manifested by examining our largest client, Athene. If you look Athene since inception over more than the past decade, their ROE and their insurance businesses is 22% and on a consolidated basis 15% on average over this period of time. This is substantially in excess of any comparable company or comparable index.  In the context of this background, this quarter was all about reinforcing strategy, building our front end or capacity to generate additional assets, and positioning us to grow faster. The biggest step in the quarter was obviously our decision to enter into an agreement to merge with Athene. This transaction massively reinforces our position serving retirement income and retirees, adding almost a million clients including our pension retirement transfer business, and average age in the high 60s. This transaction adds to our capacity and coordination to develop additional yield platforms through aligning Apollo and Athene. Thinking back to what we have been able to achieve with us not fully aligned, whether it is our mid-cap corporate credit business, our triple net lease business, our aircraft finance business, our Redding Ridge structured products business, the list goes on and on. I'm excited as to what we can achieve with full alignment.  In our hybrid and opportunistic businesses, this transaction increases our ability to see products and to see teams and to launch new funds and simply to get to market faster. Some examples of what we've done historically include our hybrid value fund, our infrastructure fund, and numerous others. The transaction also represents a significant strengthening of our connection to additional forms of distribution, including retail banks, independent broker dealers, and other wealth channels. These wealth distribution channels represent a significant source of growth for us and we expect 2021 even prior to the closing of the transaction with Athene to be a record year for Apollo in these channels and a source of significant future growth.  The merger was not the only step we took in the quarter to reinforce our strategy. Significant progress was made in our high grade alpha business. Apollo has developed a unique platform to provide capital and funding to large corporations globally in the investment grade market. Our unconstrained appetite for long-dated creative and semi-liquid solutions have allowed us to execute multi-billion dollar transactions in a short timeframe as a sole counterparty to these corporations. Working with our partners, with our 400 plus investment professionals, we expect to generate 15 billion to 20 billion of these transactions in 2021. Also in the quarter, we announced the launch of our Credit Secondaries business, a new platform levering our insurance affiliates appetite for this asset class into a very fast growing private Credit Secondaries market. This is one of the first funds in this rapidly growing split space and we plan to raise substantial additional money in the future for this strategy as we continue to build out our general partnership solutions capabilities.  In summary, this is an investment year. We're focused on setting the business up so that it grows faster over the next five years and Scott will take you through some of the investments we're making during 2021 in his prepared remarks. Away from the financials of the business and the strategy of the business, we delivered the changes in governance that we had set out in our first -- in the first conference call I had done with you. We began to implement changes to our governance to establish a simpler, more transparent corporate structure we believe ultimately positions us to be eligible for S&P index inclusion.  In closing the business is firing on all cylinders. We're making tremendous progress, and I'm very optimistic about growth. I want to take this moment to thank over 1700 Apollo employees around the world, including 59 new hires in Q1 who worked tirelessly to achieve the results we have announced today. Culturally the senior management team is focused on positioning the firm to speak authentically about what we can achieve and what we can particularly have an impact on. We are very focused on expanding opportunity, particularly for broader segments of society that here to for may not have that access to the same opportunities. We can do this at Apollo, we can also do this through our portfolio companies. More to come on this in the near future.  Our efforts around citizenship, diversity, equity, inclusion, and ESG are core to our value proposition for our people and we continue to raise awareness and deepen education on the key issues. In January, we received a score of a 100% from the human rights campaign foundation, with regard to being the best place to work for LGBTQ equality. Yesterday, we announced a significant donation to United Way India's Partner Act to immediately deploy thousands of oxygen concentrations and other critical life saving medical equipment to those in most need. Our hearts go out to the Apollo community in India and their loved ones who are experiencing the impact of this crisis. With that I will now turn it over to Scott. 
Scott Kleinman: Thanks Mark and thank you all for joining us this morning. As Mark mentioned, Apollo differentiates itself by the ability to generate excess returns across the entire risk reward spectrum. In this quarter, we again demonstrated the strength of this proposition across our platform. When I think about the overall performance of the business, I break it down into five key factors; finding good investments to deploy capital, having the portfolio accrete and value, monetizing our investments, raising more capital, and investing in and growing both our existing platforms as well as our new ones. So far in 2021, Apollo has made very good progress across all of these areas. So let me get through them one by one.  Regarding deployment, our ability to find attractive returns at all points along the risk spectrum shines in an environment like the one we're in now where valuations are seemingly high for private equity and yields are painfully thin for most credit products. Total deployment for Q1 was 24.9 billion. Our private equity funds deployed 2.4 billion in capital in the quarter. Additionally, we committed to deploy a further 3.3 billion in the quarter driven by two large Fund IX investments Michaels and the Venetian. And since quarter end, we've continued to commit to significant additional transactions. We continue to see a strong recovery in the economy, particularly in those sectors hardest hit by COVID such as leisure, travel, gaming, and specialty retail and we continue to invest in those spaces. Our hybrid value business continues to be active with over $0.5 billion deployed in the quarter.  Strong deployment of 19.1 billion in our credit business in the first quarter was in line with fourth quarter levels and includes strong insurance balance sheet growth on insurance inflows and pension risk transfer transactions. With spreads tight, others are going down in quality to earn returns but we've been moving up in credit quality and finding our returns through superior asset selection and origination. This will set us up well in the future. We're preparing for, but not predicting higher rates to come. Our initiative to seek increased high-grade alpha origination transactions continues to grow and has a robust pipeline. We continue to see substantial opportunities to provide capital and funding solutions to corporations and financial institutions globally with the ability and expertise to find innovative solutions and structures. Also, we are now fully in the European direct loan market committing to $1 billion in the first quarter. This is a space we weren't present a year ago.  And lastly JCPenney has agreed to transfer 2.8 billion in pension obligations for roughly 30,000 participants in JCPenney's pension plan to Athene as part of a pension transfer transaction. Athene utilized its strategic capital vehicle ACRA to support the completion of this transaction. In terms of value creation this has been an exceptional quarter for Apollo. Marc just mentioned our very strong track record in private equity for over 31 years. We continue to show that we have an ability to find attractive returns in any market environment. We continue to believe that purchase price matters and we will utilize our expertise to creatively source structure and optimize assets, adding value in partnership with our growing in-house operations team of experts. This can clearly be seen in our most recent and largest funds Fund IX. We're seeing very strong performance in this fund with the current marks up 33% leading to an IRR of 49% gross, 26% net, and a MOIC of 1.7 times. While we expect these numbers to converge over time towards historic levels, we see the results as a validation of our investment expertise and of the fact that this continues to be a very high return business, if done the right way. In a market characterized by indexation, correlation, and volatility, Apollo's investment discipline really stands out.  During the quarter our overall private equity segment appreciated by 22% as compared to the S&P at 5.8% driven by exceptionally strong performance across our funds public and private holdings. Fund VIII and Fund IX appreciated by 19% and 33% respectively, driving an increase in the net carry asset to $3.04 per share up from a $1.82 per share in the fourth quarter. Importantly, Fund VIII returned to paying cash carry and the netting whole of the funds has been eliminated. Fund VIII is now market a multiple of invested capital of 1.8 times and we expect it to continue to grow and create value as the portfolio matures. As a reminder, Fund IX crossed into carry in the fourth quarter of last year and as of the first quarter, it is in full carry. Our hybrid value fund is delivering strong performance with gross IRR of 31%, 25% net, and MOIC of 1.3 times. We also experienced strong performance with our infrastructure equity fund in the quarter up 15%. In credit our funds aggregate portfolio returned 4% during the quarter, 1.9% above the benchmark. Notably, our global corporate credit business generated a 3% total return in the quarter, reflecting over 80 basis points of outperformance to its benchmark. In addition the performance of structured credit exceeded the index by approximately 400 basis points for the quarter and our credit strategy fund generated 5% in the quarter, 150 basis points above its index. Our strong credit performance has been driven in part by the excess spread we've been able to generate for our insurance and other clients, which stems from our differentiated and expanding origination capabilities.  Regarding realizations, we saw a strong monetization of our investments with $3.7 billion of capital returned to LPs in the first quarter. The total capital return to LPs over the last 12 months adds to $10.4 billion. We announced several large transactions this quarter, including the highly successful IPO of Sun Country, a Fund VIII portfolio company, the merger of Tech Data, a Fund IX portfolio company with Synnex, the sale of AmeriHome owned by Athene and several Apollo Funds to Western Alliance, and NGO Energy Partners through our yield business. We have a strong pipeline and expect to continue generating strong monetization for our investors.  On fundraising, this quarter we raised a significant amount of capital from third party investors near the high end of the $15 billion to $20 billion annual range we have discussed in the past. All in all, we've made great progress with our investors over the quarter and for the most part they have been incredibly supportive of all the recent changes at Apollo. We have several fundraising capital in the market now and closed on $4.8 billion in the quarter. In addition, we saw inflows of 4.2 billion from our insurance affiliates with total inflows for the quarter of 13.4 billion. We also see a huge opportunity to expand our distribution in the wealth management channel and are building now the capability to do that. We are confident in our fundraising targets for the year and have already raised over 2 billion since quarter end.  Lastly, with respect to investing in our platform and growth, to echo Marc's comments, we see incredible opportunities to accelerate growth and are investing in the business. It is an exciting time to be in the asset management business. Capital flows are concentrating towards a select few players who can provide the breadth of products and services that investors are looking for and that trend is only accelerating and creating new winners and losers. We see an enormous opportunity ahead of us and we're planting the right seeds to take advantage of many of these growth opportunities. We're adding over 400 employees this year across all parts of our business. We're growing our core product teams and building capabilities to scale our platform and increase our ability to generate excess returns across several areas, including infrastructure, impact investing, credit and GP Secondaries, direct origination, capital markets and syndication, and SPACs just to name a few.  As we build these growth engines we're also continuing to build the enterprise solutions seems to support this growth. We're confident, confident that this type of investment will produce at least mid-teens growth in FRE over the long term, with some fluctuations between low teens and high teens, depending on investment opportunities in any given year. We believe the path forward is bright for Apollo and we're excited to continue on this strong trajectory. I speak for the entire management team in expressing our gratitude for our deep bench of talent who've come together to drive the success that we've experienced so far this year. So with that, I'll turn it over to Martin.
Martin Kelly: Great. Thanks, Scott. For the first quarter, Apollo recorded exceptional results across all relevant financial and operating metrics. Our GAAP net income to common shareholders was $670 million or $2.81 per share in the first quarter, as compared with $0.44 per share for the full year 2020 and $3.71 per share for the full year 2019. We generated record FRE of $0.65 per share on a pretax basis, up 26% year-over-year and 4% quarter-over-quarter, driven by growth in management fees and an uptick in FRE performance fees related to our CLO manager. Management fees grew 3% over the prior quarter and 17% over the first quarter of 2020, driven by growth in fees for investing the assets of our insurance clients and deployment across our platform broadly.  Transaction and advisory fees were $56 million in the quarter, driven by capital solutions transactions and private equity activity. Though this represents a more normalized level than in recent quarters, it is nearly double the pre-2020 quarterly average, up 51% year-over-year and is more representative of the run rate we expect as our origination business further scales. Compensation expense was flat over the prior quarter. However, we expect this to grow over the next few quarters as we continue to invest in the growth initiatives that Scott outlined. Non-compensation costs fell 21% over the prior quarter as a result of both the seasonality and the absence of any one time items. As a reminder, in the fourth quarter, non-comp was elevated due to costs related to the independent review. For the first quarter, we announced a dividend of $0.50 per share and after tax distributable earnings of $0.66 per share, supported by both our strong pre-tax FRE and net incentive earnings of $0.10 per share. After tax distributable earnings of $294 million were up 78% over the first quarter of 2020 and reflect the return of Fund VIII to paying cash carry.  Turning to AUM, we ended the first quarter at $461 billion up $6 billion quarter-over-quarter and $146 billion year-over-year. Inflows totaled $13 billion for the quarter reflecting robust fundraising of $5 billion for numerous strategies across the platform, organic growth at Athene, and growth in our CLO platform. The third party capital raised in the quarter is an indication that our relationships with LPs remain strong and we expect the majority of capital raised headwinds to now be behind us. For the first quarter fee generating AUM fell nominally due to interest rates driven markdowns on Athene and Athoras balance sheets. However, fee generating AUM grew 43% year-over-year supported by continued inflows and capital deployment. The impact on management fees of the markdowns of these balance sheets is largely reflected in the first quarter numbers and represents approximately 1% of management fees on an annualized run rate basis. While higher rates do reduce management fees on Athenes existing assets, we believe that higher rates are a net positive for Athene and Apollo given increased origination volumes and an ability to earn higher income on deployment into new assets.  Turning to incentive realizations, we recognized $107 million of gross performance fees for the first quarter, primarily related to monetization activity in Fund VIII and our hybrid value fund in our private equity business. As Scott mentioned, the impairment netting whole in Fund VIII has been eliminated as of the end of the first quarter, driven principally by secondary transactions of One Main, [indiscernible] and Sun Country. Fund VIII has a multiple un-invested capital of 1.8 and a current gross and net IRR of 18% and 13% respectively. The callback obligations of $0.17 per share that we report in our earnings release are related to older legacy funds, including Fund V and some older credit funds and specific to those funds and not cross collateralized across other funds. We do not expect these callback amounts if materialized to become cash obligations for at least several years from now.  Deployment in our drawdown funds was $2.7 billion in the first quarter and our pipeline across the platform remains robust as we have significant equity commitments on announced transactions in our private equity business. Our broader measure of deployment, which reflects the breadth of our origination business was again strong at $25 million in the first quarter. Deployment was driven by strong growth in insurance clients, including repositioning the assets acquired from Jackson, investments in our syndicated loans business, as well as middle market and commercial real estate lending activity. Now dry powder for investments across our fund complex was $50 billion at the end of the quarter of which $24 billion has the potential to drive management fees upon investment.  Apollo remains in a very strong liquidity position with approximately $1.7 billion of liquidity available on our balance sheet. Our net economic balance sheet value after debt and preferred stock was approximately $8 per share at March 31, up over $3 quarter-over-quarter primarily due to an increase in our total net performance fees, as well as an increase in value of our investment in Venerable, our variable annuity platform related to a transaction with Equitable. To echo Marc and Scott, we're very pleased with our first quarter earnings, driven by exceptional investment performance, growing fee earnings, and continued deployment and realization activity across the platform. We look forward to further accelerating growth in our platform, including via our announced merger with Athene and creating a corporate structure which will create flexibility to allocate capital to further growth at any of our businesses, which are returned to shareholders.  Lastly, we understand the desire for more specifics surrounding the announced merger with Athene, including performance segment financials and we look forward to providing that to you in conjunction with an Investor Day which we can't anticipate holding in the fall. With that I'll turn the call back to Peter. 
Peter Mintzberg: That concludes our remarks for today. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Bill Katz with Citigroup. 
William Katz: Okay, alright, thank you very much for taking the questions this morning. I was wondering if you could maybe start with maybe flushing out a little bit of the incremental spend into the retail channel, what that might look like, and then how quickly you think you could maybe leverage some of that investments?
Martin Kelly: Sure. So as you probably understand, the retail channel is somewhat different than the traditional institutional channel, and requiring additional sales force, additional product development, and that's really the crux of it, investing in that space to support both existing products as well as new products to flow through those channels. So that's really the crux of the investment.
William Katz: Okay. Maybe Marc, just a follow up for you, I was wondering -- I was intrigued by the opportunity to investment grade. So wondering if you could maybe flesh that out a little bit, it sounds like a pretty big opportunity this year, but maybe help us understand maybe the broader opportunity set and then sort of how the economics compared to the back book?
Marc Rowan: Well, a lot there Bill, I'll do my best. First, if you step back and think about what we're trying to do, the yield business that we have built, you should think of as a fixed income replacement business, rather than an opportunistic credit business. We liked that notion because what we're doing is we're trying to provide to our clients Athena, Athora, as well as our third party clients and credit funds 150 to 200 basis points of excess return around the high-end, particularly the investment grade end of that fixed income marketplace. The way we do that is not by taking incremental credit risk, not by taking equity risk. We derive that return from two factors; one is structure, and the other is the willingness to accept illiquidity. For a regular way plain vanilla transaction, issuers will go to the investment grade market, the corporate market in a very methodical, easy to access way and there is not excess return. But if you look at the end of last year, and you look at the Hertz transaction, you look at the ADNOC transaction and you look at the Anheuser-Busch bottling transaction what you see are three different issuers, all approaching different problems, all in the investment grade end of the spectrum that required a solution.  We are one of the few participants who have the size, scale, and capacity to take down sizeable investment grade transactions. And so that is what we are seeking to do. I mean, the most fundamental we want 150 to 200 basis points of excess return over the comparably traded public IG, and we're willing to provide flexibility and structure and willing to accept the liquidity. This is a role that Q4 might have been provided by some of the largest banks or investment banks and I think increasingly we will get our share of this marketplace and it represents a very attractive marketplace and fits very synergistically with all that we do in fixed income replacement given that we cover a very large swath of the investment grade market anyway. It's a very different business than the peer set as a result of our unique client base.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I had several follow-ups with -- on the merger with Athene. So my first one was, do you know how GAAP will treat the Athene management fees after the merger is closed?
Martin Kelly: Yes. GAAP, like in everything else will eliminate all intercompany transactions.
Craig Siegenthaler: Got it, got it. And then are you going to continue to report distributor earnings after the merger closes and will it include total earnings from Athene as life insurance, free cash flow, and GAAP earnings, don't always match up?
Martin Kelly: We'll give you a detailed -- we've taken our best guess at providing our view as to how we're going to report through our lens deck that is on our website and that we've previously disclosed. We anticipate that from a management view financials, we will report the way everyone else in the industry and the broader financial services industry reports intercompany segments, which is the fair value of management fees will be reported on the asset management side and the yield less the cost of these management fees will be reported on the insurance side. We do anticipate at this point continuing to report DE and as you see through our lens deck, we're envisioning the addition of an additional operating line of retirement services. 
Craig Siegenthaler: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: Hey, good morning everyone. My question is on kind of how to think about capital return post-transaction. With Fund VIII kind of through the netting hole now it's clear, obviously the cash realization out like look for the kind of legacy Apollo businesses looking increasingly strong. So with Athenes cash flow theoretically enough to kind of fund their growth, do you have any thoughts around the use of the excess cash likely to be generated from this very strong realization outlook on the legacy Apollo business? 
Marc Rowan: So I'm going to give you a broader answer, its Marc and if it doesn't suffice, you'll have to follow-up. So Apollo itself, just the asset manager is a highly cash generative business. As you know, we have announced the reset of our dividend to initially $1.60 per share, which we've said will grow along with the growth in the business. Just on that basis the distributable earnings of Apollo more than covers the dividend and makes it very clear that the Apollo business is very cash generative. Your starting point on Athene I believe to be too conservative. If you look back in history, Athene has actually distributed an immense amount of capital. They've just not distributed it as dividends, they've done it in terms of buybacks. They've distributed I don't have my notes in front of me, but call it 1.250 million [ph] plus or minus over a period of time. So now you have to step back and think about how Athene produces cash on a go-forward basis. Athene as you've said yes, it finances its own growth, but it also starts in a different place. It does not start at zero. Athene starts with 5.2 billion of excess equity capital, which is approximately 3.8 billion of excess equity on Athenes balance sheet plus 1.7 in a just in time LP driven side-by-side funding vehicle called ADF [ph].  In addition, Athene has less than 15% debt to cap whereas it's AA peers would have about 25% debt to cap again, approximately another 2.5 billion. So Athene starts with about 7.5 billion to 8 billion of excess deployable capital and what you're also watching is a maturation of the structure. The business rolling off Athene is generally business that is rolling off that was financed 100% with Athenes capital. That's how Athene began life. The business going on the books is generally going on the books, particularly the inorganic and PRT business, but likely over time the totality of Athenes business will be approximately one third of Athenes capital, and two thirds ADF capital. What we have tried to do is balance, is to take what here to four may have been a capital intensive business, make it less capital intensive through the introduction of third-party capital, which as an aside, the ADF One investors should be very happy. I'll leave it there and you should anticipate that we'd be very focused on ADF too, to support this growth.  And so it is my expectation that we will get excess capital from the Athene leg of the business and excess capital from the Apollo leg of the business against an announced $1.60 dividend. I think for Investor Day, we will do our best to go through this in detail, but suffice it to say that capital allocation is one of the things that is fully within our control and is something we should be judged on and we are all very large shareholders. But what it does is it creates options and that option is to reinvest in the business, adding additional capacity, and/or buy back stock. And we will look at that and now have the flexibility to do that every quarter and every year.
Patrick Davitt: Got it. Makes sense. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Glenn Schorr with Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thanks very much. I would love to learn a little bit more about your thoughts on the Credit Secondaries market overall. I'm curious if you're seeing the same reasons for the development that you saw on the private equity side, another meaning LP seeking liquidity for the same reason, is it the same kind of bid ask spread, do you see similar trends of that addressable market, any color there would be great, like just trying to see how big this can get in your mind over the next 25 years? 
Marc Rowan: Yeah, sure. So I think you are basically exactly right. The growth in credit funds over the last five, six, seven years has really been meteoric as you all know. And the reality is CIO's funds, pension funds are ultimately needing liquidity as they balance their portfolios is just the way this occurred for the private equity business 10 to 15 years ago. The real secret sauce if you will in a Secondaries business is having the knowledge of the underlying investments to be able to move rapidly and thoughtfully around making investment decisions. And because Apollo is the largest alternative credit lender, we have views and visibility on essentially every credit product, every underlying security in the market. And so our ability, our library of knowledge to be able to smartly access this market is really unparalleled. There's really no one of scale in this space right now, but we can already start to see the demand from pension funds, others who hold these credit funds to be able to seek liquidity. So we think this is a massively scalable market where we have real first mover advantage and real expertise to allow us to be the category killer in this space.
Glenn Schorr: Maybe just one follow up. Traditionally in some other verticals, you might have a Fund I raise money, put it to work, show some performance then wait, and then start to raise Fund II. Theoretically, given what you have just laid out, this money could get put to work relatively quickly and we could see another fund relatively quickly, does that scare you off or is that okay?
Marc Rowan: No, I think directionally that's right. Remember, when we think about this, this type of business is very applicable for some of our existing insurance clients and otherwise. So it gives us the ability to scale rapidly and opportunistically. But you are right, the third party demand should be pretty enormous and would expect to see this business scale faster than like say a PE type fund. 
Glenn Schorr: Okay. Thanks so much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Thank you, great. Good morning, everybody. I was hoping we could spend a minute on your guys's, sort of bigger picture growth and management fee outlook over the next couple of years. So it sounds like there's a number of new initiatives in the business, some of them are kind of being accelerated potentially by the Athene deal. You talked about wealth management in a couple of other platforms. Can you give us a sense of kind of excluding or not sort of relying on insurance related partnerships and just really thinking about third party investor base, what sort of the sustainable management fee growth you expect to see over the next call it three years as you go through this investment cycle?
Marc Rowan: So Alex this is Marc, I'll give you the broader overview and then I'll turn it to Martin. So, I think we've said broadly first. We will update our targets at our next Investor Day, but the way, at least some of us think about the business, the yield business, we think we can double over the next five years, that's circa 350 billion today. I think that'll be a $700 billion plus business, and I'll come back to why and how. The opportunistic business and the hybrid business is about 110 billion and 115 billion. And at least at first blush, I personally think they will be 50% larger over the next five years. So now to dig down and then I will turn it over to Martin for a bit, if you look at the strategy we've chosen in yield, it's in many ways a different strategy than our comparable peer set. We've chosen as I alluded to on an earlier question, fixed income replacement. This was driven by the need to serve our insurance affiliates. It also, if you look at roughly the 350 billion of AUM, about 60% of that is driven by the insurance affiliates, and 40% is driven by a third party clients and credit funds. I have no reason to expect that to change all that much as the business doubles, but let me get into what I mean by doubling the business.  If you dig down in the 350 billion, my best guess is it's 125 billion to 150 billion of alpha with the remainder beta. For us to double that business, we need to double 125 billion of alpha. That is a large number but it does not appear daunting to me, because a lot of it is focused on platforms providing repeatable origination. So to give you a sense of scale, we originated 17 billion of credit in the first quarter. We're on pace to do circa 75 billion to 80 billion for the year and that's up from last year where we did 47 billion of credit origination for the year. So we kind of seem to have the building blocks in place.  On the opportunistic side, I laid out the larger return, Scott laid out some of the more specific returns, and we've made a lot of progress with announced private equity transactions, I would expect that next year we'll be in the market for Fund XI, excuse me, Scott's correcting me. And we are in the process of scaling a number of other strategies, where we see origination capacity in excess of funds that we currently have, Asian real estate on our Asia structure and product business, infrastructure, social impact. So all in all I see really interesting ways to grow the business. Some of this and you've asked for excluding insurance affiliates, I don't really think of the business in that context because increasingly, what our limited partners and third party investors like on the yield side of our business, is the ability to co invest side by side with Athene and Athora same time, same price, same risk. We present ourselves to the market as an asset manager, who is not only interested in fee but is interested in the underlying asset and therefore full alignment.  On the opportunistic and the hybrid side of the business we are also in the same position although not to the same degree, whereas we might be 60% of the yield from affiliates. On the yield side of our business we're probably -- I will use the back of the envelope 15% to 30% of the business on the hybrid and opportunistic side of the business. Again, these are accelerants to growing because limited partners and other third party investors like that we have skin in the game and we eat our own cooking whatever your best analogy is. When we have previously come to talk to you, we speak to this business as a business that is roughly a 15% annual growth business. In years like this, my gut tells me FRE will be double-digits but below 15 as in this is investment year and in years, once we've made the investment it will be beyond 15%. But that's kind of the metric we hold ourselves to subject to update at Investor Day. The things we are doing are generally designed to help us get beyond that. Martin anything you want to add.
Martin Kelly: No Marc, -- so translating that into the components of FRE management fee growth should be changed in line with what we've produced, we see no reason that that won't continue in the future. We are very focused on growing our origination businesses and growing our transaction fees as you have seen and we expect that to continue. And then we make decisions about investing in the platform. And so that translates into low double-digits or high-teens for growth year-to-year and Marc has sort of indicated what we expect this year but looking forward where we're confident that we'll be able to produce every FRE dollar growth consistent with what we've produced in the past, regardless of the channel that it comes from.
Operator: Our next question comes from Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Okay, great, good morning everyone. Want to come back to the conversation on the retail channel and the opportunity as you guys lean in there more it sounds like and maybe just to talk a little bit about where you are on some of the product development that you referenced, what we should be expecting over the next few quarters and it seemed like this is a good landscape for innovation and to leverage maybe get some updated thoughts around how you're thinking about the addressable market for Apollo in this channel relative to the institutional channel longer-term?
Martin Kelly: Sure, so I would say obviously when we look at Apollo's product platform, certainly yield products are going to be the place we lead into the global wealth channel. And that we're already making inroads there. I think it's still early days to see sort of substantial move the line item type results, but really we look at this over a two, three, four-year investment period, where by that timeframe you'll see meaningful progress there. But in the meantime, it's about taking products we have, getting it through the retail channel, and continuing to develop and tailor products that we learn are more specifically targeting those components.
Marc Rowan: Maybe, it's Marc, I'll add and I'll step back. Look, there is a trend towards what we say is democratization of finance. That trend was more pronounced under Republican administration, it likely will be less pronounced under a democratic administration. But nonetheless, it is a trend and it's a trend we expect to continue. We see increased sophistication in the retail and the high net worth channels. And so if you step back, and you look at from our point of view, we have for a very long time been a distributor of opportunistic product to the high net worth channel, through private equity and a number of the other funds. What you will see us do in that channel is continue to do what we've been doing, to build it out to redouble our efforts we have made significant hires in these areas. And we intend to follow through and I would think on balance, you will see greater fundraising coming out of this channel this year, next year and in the future. And I do think that this is a trend, when we look back over the next five or 10 years, we will see retail high net worth as a larger percentage of total opportunistic fundraise than it has been over the past decade.  Then I go to completely to the other end of the spectrum and let's talk about Athene. So Athene is now the number one underwriter of retail annuities in the U.S. It is a substantial footprint. The footprint includes independent broker dealer, it includes bank, it includes other forms of distribution that I would say are more retail and less high net worth. They have made the investments in systems and infrastructure necessary to support a complex product set and insurance is a complex product set. Even if this product set is all income based. What Scott is focused on is in between the two. I believe and Scott believes and Jim believes and the whole team believes that we have the opportunity to continue to package our yield oriented products in ways that can go through the high net worth and the retail channels. And the investments there have also been made in people and teams and will continue to be made. You will see us launch at the second half of this year, at least two products through this channel that are yield based.  Again, when we look back over the next five or 10 years and compare it to the past decade, we will see continued democratization of finance. Our job I believe is to come at this channel with our unique value proposition which is not simply to sell as much as we can, it is to focus on what I believe the franchise does extraordinarily well, which is excess return at every point along the risk reward curve from private equity down to investment grade. The products that we ultimately expand in high net worth in retail is a product set we can have our own designs, but it is ultimately up to the channel and the end consumer as to which of those products are more applicable and it's our job to make them available and make our capabilities available and support them with the requisite infrastructure via technology infrastructure or people in wholesale infrastructure to do. This should not be unknown. Others in our industry have done it. Others have quite frankly been there first and are bigger. And there's plenty of roadmap for us to follow, for us to use this as an accelerant to what we otherwise are doing and it seems very logical and obvious to us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with J.P. Morgan.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. The total AUM in Athora stepped down from 4Q to 1Q in the non-sub advised area. And you mentioned in the prepared remarks that rates had a negative impact on Athene and Athora this quarter. This [indiscernible] Athora assets was more than 10%, is it possible to get a bit more color here on if it was just rates or if there were other factors as well? 
Scott Kleinman: No Ken it was, that's a long duration portfolio. So it's more sensitive to a rate backup. And so it was a combination of rates and the Euro given that most of the portfolio's in Euro. But as I said, like the impact was pretty muted. It's all in the numbers for the quarter. And then when you get away from that net, net higher rates are better for the platform, both in terms of investing assets and originating through the insurance platforms.
Martin Kelly: The other thing I'd say is, assets and liabilities are match. So, equity in both of those businesses continue to grow through the quarter. When you report assets, you're just looking at one half of the equation.
Ken Worthington: Yup, yup, understood. Okay, thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo. 
Christopher Harris: Great, thanks. Can you guys give us an update on your views on consolidation opportunities and insurance and I'm wondering how you think higher rates might impact that outlook?
Marc Rowan: So I'll do my best, its Marc. So in general, as Martin said, higher rates are better for our business. First, we have an investment portfolio that has a decent amount of floaters in it on the Athene balance sheet. And second, higher rates can also help in pricing of new business including, excuse me, company to company new business. But I don't actually think that rates themselves have material impact on the ability or willingness of people to transact. What we are watching is, in my opinion, a realignment of the guaranteed or as we say in the U.S. annuity led insurance business. You're seeing companies particularly companies who may not have the ability to create asset alpha, which is ultimately what drives the business. Sell large blocks of business, they sell this through reinsurance, they sell this through company sales. And for the most part, it is being sold to people who have the capacity to generate alpha amongst assets that are appropriate for insurance company balance sheets, which tend to be investment grade or quasi investment grade assets. I see no lead up in that trend. And I think this rotation, out of guaranteed yield and into mortality, PNC and fee for service in both the U.S. and Western Europe is healthy. Our business in my opinion will not be limited in growth by our ability to source liabilities, only by prudence with respect to returns. And here I will give you a little more color.  Athene last year when they announced their fourth quarter, they gave some indication as to the profitability of the retail business they were generating. Typically, they have done between 15% and 20% cash on cash unlevered for new retail annuity business. Last year was at the higher end of that range. They will report on Friday and will give some notion of the profitability of business in the first quarter. If we are return maximizers or we are trying to build a long-term sustainable business, we should want to garner the lowest cost of funds, and therefore the highest level of repeat profitability for a decade for our retirement services business. Our ability to generate profitability at retail which is the lowest risk, most repeatable, most franchise nature, does put a floor on our willingness as to what we're prepared to pay for large blocks of annuities. It's not just about growth, it's about sustainable, profitable growth, and not simply just growing the business for the sake of growing the business. So the message I would convey, there are immense blocks of business that will trade hands. The blocks of business in the U.S. are well known. The blocks of business in Europe, in my opinion, are larger and less well known. And very few people have the platform that we have to be able to consolidate those blocks of business. In any one quarter you can see blocks trade or not trade but we will continue to be focused on underwriting profitable new business rather than new business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Carrier with Bank of America. 
Michael Carrier: Hi, good morning, thanks for taking the questions. Apollo had a lot of change in the past six months and with that roles and responsibilities can shift around. Since Josh was on the call, and Leon no longer in the mix, just can you provide an update on leadership responsibilities like across segments and with LPs, and then any additional expected changes ahead?
Marc Rowan: Its Marc, I'll lead off. Always uncomfortable to talk about myself, but we'll do our best. So, I am the CEO of the business. The lanes I have picked out for myself are strategy, culture which includes compensation, communication, urgent strategic initiatives, and dealing with problems. I am fortunate to be able to rely on an incredibly talented group led by Jim Zelter and Scott Kleinman, who run the day to day of the Apollo business. They in turn have their own next generation that makes their job easier. At retirement services, at pro forma for consolidation, you have a business that is led by Jim Belardi, Bill Wheeler, Marty Klein, Grant Kvalheim, all of whom have been there a long period of time and I've worked with on a day to day basis.  If you step back and really think about the business, there's been a lot of external change. But I try not to lose sight that we actually grew the business by 145 billion in a year. Most of the change that's taken place has actually taken place within the business. And what is external, is mostly noise for us. This is now my 31st year at Apollo, my 36th year in business. I grew up in the opportunistic side of the business for 20 of those years and I've grown up on the retirement services on the yield side of the business for the last decade plus. This is not a new job. It's very clear what we need to do. We are very focused on what it is that we define the firm. We define the firm as providing excess return at every point along the risk rewards spectrum that we choose to participate in. We have really good tailwinds, whether it's demographics, market structure, or otherwise. We have a strategy that is focused on the three business segments I've outlined, opportunistic which I think this group and on the phone understands the best, hybrid which is the middle between opportunistic and yield, and then yield.  Yield is by far and away the largest segment of our business, and the fastest growing segment of our business. And we have chosen a strategy that plays to our strengths, fixed income replacement. This is a trend that is -- it makes our business in many ways totally different than our peer set. First, it is an easier business to scale just by the nature of its business. Second, 60% of that scaling today has been through our affiliates. Third, we present ourselves to the market in a unique way as aligned with our partners, because we take $0.50 to $0.60 of every trade, same time, same price. So for the most part we go about our business and we execute. Yes, we have had changes in roles. Josh is less involved in compensation, which seems like a natural given that I'm now the CEO. Josh is an active and productive and senior member of the Apollo team. He's on the Board, he's on the executive committee, he chose our transaction committee, which reviews our largest opportunistic deals. We get up for business every day and we execute the plan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee: Great, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I guess it may seem a bit odd question, you have to have so many new initiatives going on with standing origination platforms and Credit Secondaries business but can you talk a little bit more broadly maybe on a regional basis in a lot of your peers have been pretty vocal and aggressive about their expansion in Asia, Asia-Pac in particular, some through acquisition, mostly organic, that's not an area where you have a presence but you havent talked about as much, can you maybe do something as in how you're thinking of down the road, kind of reach your global regional footprint and the opportunities there?
Marc Rowan: Okay, I'll take a shot at it, its Marc and then I'll hand it to Scott. So when you step back and you look at our business, there's no denying that our business is primarily focused on the U.S. and Western Europe, with a little bit in Australia and a little bit in Japan. That is the outline of our business and within the context of our strategy and what I've outlined of doubling our yield business and a 50% increase in our opportunistic business, I believe we can accomplish that within our geographies. Having said that, we have been active in the broader Asian market for a long period of time but we have not elected to move large opportunistic funds into those marketplaces. The unique calling card that I believe that we have leverage is the strength of the firm to provide capital where there is excess return. For me, I believe that excess return to be primarily in yield and in structure products. And you should expect us to use the things that we do best to differentiate ourselves in markets that are not short of capital and function quite differently than the U.S. and Western European marketplaces.
Scott Kleinman: Look, I would agree with Marc. While historically, Asia has not been a huge target area for Apollo because we've been able to pursue all the growth we want and find the market opportunities we're looking for in North America and Western Europe, we're not blind to the opportunity set. We are starting to make small inroads, as Marc said, in places like Japan and Australia, but I would expect to see more overtime, but on a measured basis. It's not something that we feel like we have to jump in tomorrow. But it is obviously a big dynamic market and one which over time we will continue to incrementally grow into.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. 
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Thanks for fitting me in here. I just a question on as insurance becomes more meaningful business for you guys, investors may want to better appreciate maybe potential balance sheet risks, can you talk about how you think about an assessed balance sheet risk on the insurance side as that comes over with Athene, what metrics will you be tracking, and if there is a problem or issue with one area of the portfolio how might we see that from the outside as I don't think it's mark-to-market or at least through the P&L at least? And what sort of sensitivities or scenario analysis do you look at that you might be able to share with us on the outside?
Martin Kelly: Okay, so first, for the retirement services business, the issue and the risk has always been on the asset side. That is where I believe investors should focus, that is where we have focused. There's very little volatility around I'll call traditional measures of insurance type risk, like mortality and longevity or unexpected optionality on the part of policyholders. It is primarily an asset risk game. We have grown up and the entire firm has grown up with Athene by a relatively simple philosophy. Retirement services, insurance companies are a terrible place to take credit risk. They're a terrible place to take equity risk. But they are ideally situated to take some amount of liquidity risk since most of their liabilities are illiquid, and structure risk. And that is what you find on the Athene balance sheet. So we've now been through 12 years, there's 12 years of metrics. There's not whatever cycles have taken place in those 12 years we have written out. And you can look at our portfolio and I would encourage you to benchmark it not against other annuity companies, take the highest quality, best thought of peer group and I gave some of this through our lens deck, take proof, take met, take principle. And you will see whether it's a measure of losses, of capital buffer, of use of leverage, or anything else we have outperformed the double A benchmarks.  We have always been, Apollo has always been the residual equity holder of the risks that we take. Initially we were a 35% equity holder, some 2.5 billion of value. And now we are going to be 100% equity holder. The risk mentality mindset has not changed. So now I focus down into the specifics of your question, we do put out extensive credit decks. If you go back and you look at the period just after the lock downs in the U.S., you will see an extensive deck on our CLO portfolio, you will see an extensive deck on our CRE portfolio, you will see one on energy, you will see one on aircraft lending. And we will continue to do this. The granularity of information that we put out, there's nothing else like it in the insurance industry that I am aware of. This is how we run and monitor the business. We report on a quarterly basis impairments, whether they run through the P&L or not. So you will get that updated information. But I assure you, this is where the magic happens. If you get this wrong, it is a big negative. If you get this right, it provides competitive advantage. What we seek to do in retirement services across the entirety of the portfolio is to earn 40 basis points across a portfolio better than the comparable publicly traded investment grade option set or opportunity set. It's not 200 more, it's 40 more, and it is primarily a fixed income investment grade portfolio that benefits from stepping back from the fully liquid markets.
Scott Kleinman: The only thing I'd add Mike is just as a reminder, Apollo today manages 100% of the left side of Athenes balance sheet, right. So there's an Apollo professional who knows every single thing is tied to every line item on the Athene asset balance sheet. So the same care and feeding we provide across our entire credit business is already being done with respect to Athene. And so the actual closing of the merger, nothing changes in that respect.
Peter Mintzberg: I believe we are coming to our last question in the pipeline.
Operator: Our last question comes from Gerry O'Hara with Jeffries.
Gerald OHara: Alright. Thanks for taking the question. And perhaps just to mix it up a little bit, maybe you can give us an update on just the real estate segment. I think historically, there's been some frustration around the growth trajectory of that business. And Marc, maybe you can kind of give us a sense of how you see this segment growing forward, whether there's still an appetite for inorganic growth, or just what your kind of general thoughts are on real estate? Thank you. 
Marc Rowan: Okay. So I'll start and then I will pass it to Scott and Martin, if they have anything to add. But I'm going to start with something that will be surprising. We have an immense real estate business. Martin, will give you a better exact number but we're 50 billion of real assets. They're just not located in one place. A lot of it is located in lending and a lot of it is located in our European principle finance business, and then in our net lease business, and then in our U.S. opportunistic business, and in our Asian and Indian opportunistic and structure products business. It's harder to find as one line item. But it also goes back to philosophy about how we think about the business. We think about the business in three buckets; opportunistic, hybrid, and yield. Real assets cuts across all three of those buckets. You will find real estate across all three buckets. I will say reflexively we are sizeable but not immense in opportunistic real estate. That is primarily a function of our own risk reward and view of the marketplace and skill set. You will find us really large in hybrid and in yield across real estate, which is a function of our risk reward and our skill set.  I would expect real assets broadly defined to continue to be an incredibly important part of what we do. I think you will see real assets mixed into platforms, which we call yield and yield you will see it in our hybrid business, you will see it in our structure products business, and you will see it to a lesser extent in our opportunistic business and we have absolutely no qualms about being acquisitive in this area. And I would expect that we will be acquisitive in this area. I think one of the things that we will do on Investor Day is drop down below the broad line items of yield and hybrid and opportunistic and provide the requisite pie charts, which allow people to see just how big this real assets business is, and how big the origination businesses are. And otherwise, because I think it will surprise people that we've just come at this in a different way than others. But the fact that we're coming at it differently shouldn't surprise anyone.
Scott Kleinman: Yeah, the only thing I would add, I mean, Marc summed it up well. I mean, we see the opportunity set as actually really great in this space. And, when we do sort of break out the detail for you, you'll see that this business will more than double in the timeframe that we're talking about the five-year timeframe. And so there's just -- we're seeing it in the opportunity set that each of these businesses that Marc talked about the investment opportunities that that they're approaching right now. And so the ability for scaling is enormous and it's a place that we're focused on. So I would expect to see that as we continue to report over the coming quarters and years.
Peter Mintzberg: I want to thank you all for attending. I'm glad we were able to take everyone's questions. I know we were 14 minutes over deadline and we try and be hyper punctual. So we will take feedback as to whether the extension is something you want to see us continue to do in the future and enjoy your day.
Operator: This concludes our call. Thank you for joining us today.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-03 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Apollo Global Management's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. During today's discussion, all callers will be placed in a listen-only mode and following management's prepared remarks, the conference call will be open for question. This conference call is being recorded. This call may include forward-looking statement and projections which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to Apollo's most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Apollo will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call which management believes are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in Apollo's earnings presentation which is available on the company's website. Also note that nothing on this call constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in Apollo Fund. I would now like to turn the call over to Peter Mintzberg Head of Investor Relations. 
Peter Mintzberg: Thanks operator and welcome to our fourth quarter 2020 earnings call. As many of you know, I joined the firm in November as Head of Investor Relations. And I'm very glad to be here with you all today for my first earnings call with Apollo. Joining me this morning are Marc Rowan, Josh Harris, and Martin Kelly. Jim Zelter and Scott Kleinman are also on the line for questions. I would like to turn it over to Marc to kick off our comments for today.
Marc Rowan: Thanks Peter. Good morning everyone. I'm excited to be here following the conclusion of my very poorly planned recent sabbatical. I look forward to engaging with our investors and shareholders as I transition into my new role. As you will hear in more detail the Apollo platform is strong, resilient, extremely well-positioned for growth in today's landscape as our exceptional 2020 results have demonstrated. Before I turn to the quarter and the year, I want to review the announcements that were contained in the various communications last week. I will first touch on governance, then leadership, and lastly our investors. In terms of governance, we believe the changes described in Leon's letter last week were an important step in our evolution from a private partnership to the standard set by the best public companies. Our industry is in transition. Our firm is in transition. All of us are moving from the small private partnerships that we started life as to important components of a more global financial system. Proper governance and transparency are going to be essential to play the role that we are supposed to play in this marketplace. Specifically as a firm, we are committed to moving promptly to a governance structure that will enhance our Board with additional diversity, possessing different viewpoints to bring experience to bear that is needed to help drive our business forward. We are committed to moving our Board to two-thirds independent over the near-term and we are committed to appointing a lead independent Director who will actively and regularly engage with the management and the Board. As it relates to Directors, we have already made substantial progress. Last week we announced that Pam Joyner and Sid Mukherjee will be joining our Board effective March 1st. Further, we are in active dialogue to bring additional high-quality talent on board to help us drive the business forward at our Board of Directors level. Beyond the Board changes, as we have alluded to we have begun a process with our independent committee of the Board to promptly evaluate and review the steps necessary for Apollo to adopt a one share one vote structure and other changes that will be required to be eligible for us to be included in a broader set of market indices. These changes I believe would be incredibly beneficial for our firm and again further reflect our commitment to moving to a more modern state given the important role that we play in the financial landscape. I believe the independent committee of the Board will return promptly with their recommendations and we will take it from there. Away from the governance changes, we are making a series of changes to Apollo's leadership. Leon will be retiring as CEO and will remain Chairman of the Board. Josh will remain a co-Founder and member of the Board and Executive Committee working with our largest investors, evolving our integrated platform, and expanding the strategic opportunities where we look for investments. Scott and Jim will be assuming additional responsibilities as we all realign our areas of focus. We are fortunate to have an incredibly deep bench of talented partners who have been together a very long time. Leon, Josh and I have been together and been partners for more than 30 years. We have been through all kinds of market cycles and all kinds of events and I expect our partnership to endure for a very long time. Having reviewed governance and leadership let me now turn to speak about our investors. This has been a busy week plus of communication with our investors. We have had an opportunity to speak with a very broad cross-section of our limited partners and their advisers and consulting relationships regarding the conclusion of the Conflicts Committee review and the governance and leadership changes. The vast majority have indicated that they are satisfied with the announcements, which they and we believe strike the right balance for the firm. Perhaps most importantly, they appreciated the seriousness with which we took the process and the transparency. As we expected, a smaller portion of our investors will need time to consider these events and the changes we are implementing. And in some instances they may actually want to see how these changes unfold. We realize that we may not be able to satisfy each and every of more than our 100 -- excuse me, 1,500 institutional investors, but we have made tremendous progress. We must continuously strive to improve our process and governance and most importantly to deliver superior investment returns to our investors. We expect third-party fundraising to build significantly now that we have addressed these issues. The strength of the business shows that even in this past quarter with these headwinds we continue to raise money across a number of funds and syndicated more than $9 billion of investments amongst our limited partners and insurance affiliates. As I said the business powers ahead. As Josh will discuss, this was a record year for Apollo across multiple metrics. AUM is at a record high, increasing by more than $22 billion in this quarter alone. The momentum in this business is strong and as we implement these various changes, I expect that momentum to increase. Now to take a step back. This is a unique time for me to become CEO of Apollo. We are a growth business and we are fortunate to be a provider of a service that's an incredibly high demand namely investment returns. In addition to the product, we provide our market is growing and it's growing dramatically. We primarily serve retirees either directly through our insurance affiliates in the form of guaranteed income or indirectly with our yield in opportunistic products through institutions like retirement systems, pension plans, endowments, sovereign wealth funds and others. All of these clients we serve are looking for investment returns. And it is our job to continue to grow our front-end, meaning, our ability and capacity to generate good returns per unit of risk assumed. While the AUM growth this year is nothing short of substantial and spectacular, growing AUM is just a measure and not a goal in itself. It is the result of good performance. For good managers like Apollo, the ability to raise money is not the primary governor of our growth. It is our capacity in difficult markets to source investments that provide above-average returns for the risks undertaken. As long as we maintain our capacity and grow our capacity to produce returns, AUM will follow. I feel fortunate to be leading an incredibly healthy business. I believe we have a unique opportunity Apollo -- at Apollo based on the strength of our people coupled with our investment expertise across numerous sectors and the benefit of our permanent capital vehicles. We are strategically positioned at the intersection of growth yield and value. Our particular edge is being able to source assets that cater to a range of capital structures from lower yield insurance company balance sheets to high-return opportunity funds. In a market that is characterized by indexation, correlation and volatility. I believe that presents a unique opportunity for Apollo style of investing to really stand out. An Apollo portfolio is fundamentally different than a BlackRock portfolio a Blackstone portfolio or anyone else's portfolio. The unique skill -- unique DNA of Apollo is to source investments up and down the risk-reward spectrum that represent good returns per unit of risk undertaken. So long as we stick to that tenet, we will continue to be successful and we will continue to grow our firm. I would be remiss not to take a moment to thank Apollo's more than 1,500 employees around the world. They have worked tirelessly in a very difficult year to achieve the impressive results we have announced today. I'm extremely proud of the extraordinary team, their perseverance and dedication they have demonstrated throughout this very interesting year. With that I turn it over to Josh to cover our strong results for the year. 
Josh Harris: Thanks Marc. We're all really glad to have you back from semi-sabbatical and in your up and coming role as CEO. I'd like to begin by acknowledging the unprecedented challenges we have all faced this past year with individuals as an organization and at society. The impact of this global health and economic crisis including illness, numerable losses, record unemployment and extreme market volatility are far-reaching and what we felt for a long, long time. Thank you to all the essential workers who have worked tirelessly to get us through this difficult time and who continue to push our country forward. Despite this challenging backdrop, Apollo delivered very strong results for the year, validating the resilience and differentiation of our business model. We acted quickly to help our investors, many of whom are the frontline workers getting us through this crisis, while at the same time helping many great companies during extenuating circumstances by providing liquidity solutions. We reported record inflows of $123 billion and achieved deployment activity of $88 billion. We generated record fee-related earnings of $2.37 per share reflecting 15% growth year-over-year and have surpassed $1 billion of FRE for the first time in our firm's history. In addition, we've exceeded $450 billion of AUM another milestone for the firm. For the fourth quarter we reported distributable earnings of $0.72 per common share; pretax fee-related earnings or FRE of $0.63 per share; and a cash dividend of $0.60 per share. We ended 2020 at $455 billion of AUM growing 38% year-over-year as a result of a record inflow year which included $13 billion of inflows for the fourth quarter. Organic growth accounted for 16% of the 38% increase in AUM and with two insurance transactions creating the remaining 22% increase. Specifically the $123 billion of inflows for the year was driven by $72 billion of inflows from the two notable insurance transactions which created additional scale for both Athene and Athora; $17 billion of organic growth in our insurance platforms; and $22 billion of third-party capital raising across our new large-scale origination platform ASOP; new vintages of existing fund franchise such as Hybrid Value and Accord; and new product initiatives including the IPO of our Apollo strategic growth capital SPAC; and the launch of our first infrastructure opportunities fund. Turning to deployment, the breadth and differentiation of our platform resulted in $88 billion invested this year on behalf of our clients. This deployment included repositioning and growth in the assets of Athena and Athora's balance sheets following the two transactions during the year, organic growth at the insurance platforms and growth in our private credit origination business. In a year marked by so much change, our role as a capital solutions provider for companies greatly expanded. Our origination capabilities continue to broaden and now span middle market and large-cap corporate lending, as well as numerous asset-based lending categories. We see a large opportunity for Apollo to continue leveraging its intellectual capital across credit, private equity and real assets to meet the needs of our clients and provide solutions to a diverse set of companies. In the fourth quarter we provided $9.3 billion of bespoke off-the-run long-dated capital solutions for investment-grade companies. Among these included a $4 billion dip financing for Hertz which provided a structured solution for its fleet; a $3.1 billion transaction for Anheuser-Busch, InBev's container manufacturing business. Each of these deals was customized to the needs of the respective company and demonstrate our ability to create a wide spectrum of bespoke financing solutions to corporations. Turning to FRE. The momentum we generated through our robust AUM growth and capital deployment translated into growth in our fee-related earnings to reach $2.37 for the year and grew 15% year-over-year. Management fees grew to $1.65 billion, up 11% year-over-year and demonstrated very little correlation with volatile public markets. We made several important investments across the platform in 2020, focused on expanding our origination capabilities, furthering new growth initiatives such as our infrastructure impact and SPAC strategies, scaling our technology and infrastructure groups across the firm. In addition to the strong financial results we achieved in 2020, Apollo and its portfolio companies focused significant attention on providing support to one another and our broader communities. We continue to prioritize and realize the full value of environmental social and governance factors, and believe strongly that seizing ESG opportunities makes us better investors and better stewards by positioning Apollo and our funds portfolio companies for sustainable success. Just as important, we believe that Apollo can and should have a positive impact on society beyond its businesses, helping to make the world a better place and improving people's lives. In line with that mission, we were proud to launch a citizenship grant program, matching employees' charitable contributions and rewarding employees' volunteer time. This year, we donated more than $50 million to philanthropic causes and contributed 3,550 hours of service. Through the matching program, employees have donated to more than 1,500 different non-profit organizations to-date. To echo Marc's comments, our firm's resiliency and strong business model, strategically position us for success in today's evolving market landscape. Our financial position is strong, anchored by the $273 billion of AUM in permanent capital vehicles, 60% of our total AUM. Our fee-related earnings continue to grow through varying market environments with close to 100% of our pre-tax earnings in 2020, derived from FRE, giving our shareholders high visibility into our core earnings drivers. Looking ahead, we anticipate increased demand for Apollo's investment expertise. Investors continue to struggle with sourcing yield, driving demand for a proprietary and scaled origination. Investors increasingly seek global scaled asset managers with the ability to create solutions for a wide variety of mandates across lower cost capital, such as insurance to higher return opportunistic capital. We believe the path forward is bright for Apollo and we're incredibly excited to continue on this strong trajectory. I speak for the entire management team in expressing our deep gratitude to our bench of talent, who've come together to drive the success we've experienced this year. Thank you. We are very much looking forward to what 2021 will bring for our firm. With that, I'll turn it over to Martin.
Martin Kelly: Thanks, Josh. Let me touch on FRE DE and dividend to start with. For the fourth quarter, management fees grew 3% over the prior quarter and 13% over the fourth quarter of 2019, driven by growth in fees for investing the assets of our insurance clients as well as deployment-driven growth in our credit and real assets businesses. For the full year 2020, management fees grew 11% over the prior year. Transaction and advisory fees were $81 million in the quarter, driven by capital solutions transactions and private equity activity. Compensation grew 8% over the prior quarter. This reflects our continued investment in growth initiatives across the firm, including support for our insurance businesses. Head count grew by more than 20% in each of the last two years, driven by the growth areas that Josh has highlighted. Non-compensation costs grew 12% over the prior quarter and included costs related to the independent review. For the fourth quarter, we announced a dividend of $0.60 per share and after-tax distributable earnings of $0.72 per share, our highest quarter since the fourth quarter of 2019. Our strong FRE of $0.63 per share were supported by net incentive earnings of $0.15 per share. Turning to incentive realizations. We realized $187 million of gross performance fees for the fourth quarter, primarily related to our credit strategies fund, which returned 24% in 2020. Gains from sales in Fund VIII will return to LPs as a result of the impairments recognized in the first half of 2020. At the end of the fourth quarter, the netting hole on Fund VIII had been reduced to $266 million equivalent to $0.06 per share of delayed net carry, down from $1.1 billion as of the second quarter. This fourth quarter reduction was driven principally by a secondary transaction for Voya during the quarter. As a reminder Fund VIII remains in full carry with the current gross and net IRR of 16% and 11% respectively. The clawback obligations of $0.31 per share that we report in our earnings release are related to older legacy funds including Fund VII and Natural Resources I are specific to those funds and are not cross-collateralized across other funds. As we have noted in the past, we do not expect any of these clawback amounts to become cash obligations for at least several years from now. Deployment in our funds was $2.5 billion -- in our drawdown funds was $2.5 billion in the fourth quarter and $17 billion for the full year, in line with annual averages. Our broader measure of deployment which reflects the breadth of our origination business was again strong at $24 billion for the fourth quarter and $88 billion for the year. Fourth quarter deployment was supported by the large origination activities Josh highlighted, as well as a pickup in middle market and commercial real estate lending. Our dry powder for investments across our fund complex was $47 billion at the end of the quarter, of which $21 billion has the potential to drive management fees when invested. On performance. Moving on to investment performance during the fourth quarter, our private equity funds portfolio appreciated by 13%, driven by strong performance across our funds public and private holdings. Fund VIII and Fund IX appreciated by 10% and 17% respectively, driving an increase in the net carry asset to $1.82 per share. Fund VIII is now marked at a multiple of invested capital of 1.6 times and we expect it to continue to create value as the portfolio matures. Fund IX crossed into carry for the first time in the fourth quarter. For the full year our private equity funds portfolio appreciated 6.9%, which compares favorably to the performance of the S&P Value index down 1.4%. In credit, our fund's aggregate portfolio returned 4.4% during the quarter. Through a very volatile year in the credit markets, we were able to protect our portfolios on the downside and outperformed broader indices. Notably for 2020 our global corporate credit business generated a 6.7% total return, reflecting over 300 basis points of outperformance to its benchmark. In addition, the performance of broadly syndicated loans in our credit portfolio exceeded the S&P LOI by approximately 140 basis points for the year. High-yield bond performance exceeded the BofA Merrill Lynch High Yield index by nearly 800 basis points for the same period. Our strong credit performance has been driven in part by the excess spread we have been able to generate for our insurance clients, which stands from our differentiated and expanding origination capabilities. In real assets our overall return for the quarter was up 3.1%, driven by broad appreciation across the portfolio. Energy continued to have a de minimis impact on our performance in both private equity and credit this quarter. Apollo remains in a very strong liquidity position with approximately $1.6 billion of liquidity available on our balance sheet. Our net economic balance sheet after debt and preferred stock was approximately $4.80 per share at December 31, ahead of the $4.25 at the end of 2019 and prior to the pandemic-induced sell-off. To echo Josh, we're very pleased with our 2020 earnings, driven by robust growth and resilient fee revenues. We're appreciative of the support that we have received from employees, shareholders, investors and partners throughout the year and look forward to engaging with you all further in 2020 and beyond. With that, I'll turn the call back to Peter.
Peter Mintzberg: Thank you, Martin. That concludes our remarks for today. Operator, please open the line for questions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Glenn Schorr with Evercore. Your line is open.
Glenn Schorr: Hi. Thanks very much. Maybe one for Marc, just up at the top big picture, I think it's good to see, that back to the growth and growth on the front foot. But with credit insurance let's call it, 75% of assets, private equity already huge and great. I'm just curious as you think about building for the next decade, where real estate, infrastructure, retail capital markets like the other areas to grow and broaden Apollo to help our investors with your mission. I'd be curious to get your thoughts on that.
Marc Rowan: Okay. You touched on some of it, but I'll start with, how I think. The limit on our growth, which you're referring to, is not the ability to raise money. It's the ability to deploy it sensibly, in an Apollo-esque manner. In the private equity business, we are large. We will continue to grow, but you're right, that will not be a source of massive growth. The credit business is large, in a sense that we talk about. But in the context of the markets that we participate in, we're just beginning. We have an amazing opportunity in credit, particularly with respect to origination. In the real estate market which you also touched on, we have an immense real estate footprint. We simply don't group it in our financials or in our assets, because much of what we do in the real estate business is in yield, rather than an opportunity. We are building the real estate business. The real estate business is raising funds in the US opportunity market, in the Asian opportunity market, in the net lease market, in the debt market and in the core plus market. On every one of our insurance company balance sheets real estate is an expanding category. And I would expect our real estate business to increase. We have a lot of white space, but it has to be done in an Apollo-esque way. Infrastructure, Infrastructure 1, double-digit rates of return in the infrastructure market, back out in the market with infrastructure 2, again, an area that I expect to expand in a big way impact, exactly the same thing. Every one of these funds, the thing that ties them together, is not the desire to simply go out and raise AUM, but the identification of an opportunity that we believe, reflects Apollo. The Apollo investment brand fundamentally, means that we believe we are taking less risk, per unit of return, at every point in the capital structure from investment-grade down to the most opportunistic. To -- maybe I'll drone on for one more second. I think one of the biggest opportunities we have is to massively expand our front-end, which is our capacity to generate returns. This is bringing on board teams. This is buying in platforms. This is also building organically, from initiatives already underway within Apollo. I'll stop there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning everyone. And I hope, you all are doing well and staying healthy. My question is, what is the potential time line for the full C-corp conversion?
Marc Rowan: So, we'll break Craig into, -- I'll give you an initial response, and then, I'll turn it over to Martin. So as I mentioned, we have asked our independent committee to promptly study and give us recommendations with respect to moving to one share one vote, and the other changes necessary to be eligible for broad index inclusion which would include a full C-corp conversion. I would expect we will hear back from them, no later than our next conference call. With that -- as to the specific steps, I'll turn it over to Martin.
Martin Kelly: Yeah, Craig, there's different ways that you can achieve, inclusion in indices. And so we're very familiar with what they are. And so, we're just -- they have different impacts and different time lines associated with them frankly. So we're working through all the details around that. And the approvals that will be needed from different constituents in view of what different outcomes might be. So we're -- we know what's ahead of us. We're working through all the considerations. And then we'll update you in due course.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Blostein --. Your line is-- from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Alex Blostein: Great, thank you. Good morning everybody. Marc I was hoping to dig in a little bit more into the LP feedback, since the completion of the investigation. You mentioned that you expect fundraising dynamics to build significantly from here, so maybe spend a minute on sort of the path and the time line for this acceleration. Which strategies do you expect to be most active contributors to the fundraising outlook for Apollo over the next 12 months? And then when you take a step back, are there common characteristics between LPs that are sort of satisfied with the process and the results of the investigation versus those that sort of need more time as you said in your earlier remarks? Thanks.
Marc Rowan: Okay. So I'll hit it up front. As to the specific strategies, I'll turn to Scott and Jim to talk about the strategies that are active in the market and where we think we're going to make the most progress in 2021. We've done a lot of limited partner and consultant calls. That's just  not just me. That's the entirety of our team. The vast majority of feedback from the LPs and consultants to date has been positive. They appreciate the seriousness and transparency and thought that we have put into this process. ESG are not just three initials to them or to us. This is something that we have to live every day. They have acknowledged that the report by Dechert substantiated what we told them, no involvement by Apollo or its employees and no wrongdoing on Leon's part. And they've commended us on the actions we've taken with respect to the governance changes and the succession planning. For the vast majority of LPs that will be enough. They think we've struck the right balance. For some LPs as I've said, they will want to see how these changes develop. And for some they will want to see these changes fully implemented. I do not believe that there is a specific characteristic across limited partners who perhaps are fully satisfied versus those who are less than fully satisfied at this point in time. But I will note with $455 billion of AUM and 1,500 institutional investors, something is happening in our funding business almost every day. In the fourth quarter, a number of people hit pause simply to wait to see the outcome. I believe in the first quarter we will see some of that pause simply come through and then we will get stronger every day. As to the specific products, why don't I start with Scott and then Scott will hand it to Jim.
Scott Kleinman: Sure. So look on the opportunistic side, as Marc touched on a little bit earlier, we're in the market now with infrastructure with Asian real estate with impact. We are  we have raised and continue to raise additional SPACs. We'd expect to see more of that. We have some new products that we're working on that in all likelihood will be coming out in a meaningful way this year as well. On the credit side, a number of evergreen funds that are  have been fundraising and continue to fundraise large-cap originations that often syndicate to our LPs as well. So quite a bit of activity expected for 2021. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Lee with KBW. Your line is open.
Robert Lee: Thanks for taking my question. And Marc, quite a move from sabbatical to CEO. So hope congratulations are in order for you. I'm just curious, there's a lot of  going on in terms of investment in the business. Can you maybe update us on how you're thinking about how these initiatives we should be thinking about how they will impact kind of FRE margins going forward? You're already pretty high investment  best-in-class. So where do you think to go from here is I guess my first question.
Marc Rowan: Okay. Why don't I take that? So clearly in hindsight taking a sabbatical in the middle of pandemic is a very bad idea. First, I went nowhere and I did nothing. But in some sense it actually accomplished everything it was supposed to accomplish. The first half of 2020, I worked like an associate, new to a firm. We closed two of the largest insurance transactions in the insurance marketplace. And by the end of June, I needed a little bit of a break. And when I say it accomplished what it was supposed to accomplish with me sitting there every day the team that is way smarter than I am, that really makes things happen in the insurance business, never got to spread their wings. We now  with six months to have passed, we've settled into a routine that is completely sustainable, where I am involved in those things that add value where I can add value but where the day-to-day responsibility is in the hands of people, who as you will meet them in our various investor presentations, you will come to the same conclusion that I have which it gets better once you get past me. As it relates to FRE margins, I'll put it in the context of more of our five-year plan. 15 months ago, we sponsored an Investor Day. And I believe, when we rolled out the target, and we said $600 billion of AUM, I was watching the audience a number of faces dropped and thought that goal was unsustainable or unrealistic. 15 months later, we're halfway toward that target. The outcome of that target, since AUM is the fundamental driver of revenue is mid-double-digit growth for a very long period of time. As to growth and investment, in any particular year, it is not the revenue or the AUM that I so much focus on, or that you should be focused on. The decision in any given year as to whether we will grow double digit low or double-digit high will be primarily driven by the pace of investments in the front end, and we balance that very carefully. As you've heard me say already, I believe, we are in a growth business. We serve people, who are desperate for yield. Our institutional business is growing. Our insurance business is growing. Our retail business is growing. We need to make sure, we grow the front end, consistent with the AUM potential we have, rather than focus on growing AUM. Hopefully that answers your question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. Maybe more broadly in private equity, Apollo tends to be a value investor, and US market valuations are elevated based on a historic perspective. I know your announced pipeline looks quite good, but valuations are now quite elevated. And should we expect the pace of investment to start to slow here? And then, maybe on a tangent, does the SPAC market grow big enough to maybe further drive competition here, making it even harder to invest new investor dollars? Thanks.
Scott Kleinman: Sure. So, look, as I've said in the past, market indexes aren't necessarily a good indicator of what's going on across the breadth of the market. The pipeline in the PD business is really stronger now than it's been at any time even through the crisis. And so, I would expect, if I had to estimate a bigger-than-average deployment year in private equity this year, just based on what we're seeing and what we have teed up even in the short to medium term. So, I actually think deployment across private equity, hybrid value, a number of our other opportunistic funds, notwithstanding the market backdrop is still incredibly strong. As far as your question around SPACs, look, we ultimately see SPACs, as an interesting asset class. It is not a flash in the pan. SPACs are here to stay for a lot of fundamental reasons. In some respects, is it competition? Sure, but we've always had competition. If anything, Apollo has now proven our ability to successfully issue SPACs. We've issued a number. We have several more in the pipeline and see it as a real opportunity to add to the asset category footprint that we have. And I think, you'll continue to see that be an increasing part of how we approach the market across the spectrum of risk and return.
Ken Worthington: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Katz with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you, very much, and Marc, congratulations as well. Maybe a question for Martin just to tie it together some big picture with maybe the operational side of things, could you dimension in the fourth quarter, how much of the G&A or other expenses were related to the inquiry? And then as you think about 2021, could you dimension a little bit about where you sort of see either comp ratio or the non-comp FRE drivers just given Marc's commentary about growing the front end?
Martin Kelly: Sure. So, I think Bill, the step-up in Q4 from Q3 on non-comp was effectively explained or was explained by the cost of the review. And so as we look forward, it's a slightly different answer for comp and non-comp. We are growing. We've added headcount and so it's natural to expect the cost of the firm continue to increase. On the non-comp side, we're looking at and we're engaged in new premises in many offices around the world including both New York and London. That comes with a cost. And so we manage non-comp very carefully and tightly. But as the headcount growth, the firm increases and the needs to support all our employee base increased then so do the cost. Comp comes back to -- I put that in the context of Marc's comments and that is we focus on FRE growth and we manage FRE growth relative to investments in the platform and building out the origination side and all the support that's needed for that with the revenue growth that comes with that. It's not a straight line, but we are very -- we have strong conviction in our mid-teens FRE growth rate as we look forward from here. And I would just echo Marc's comments that there's a range around that. It could be low double digit. It could be mid to high teens in any one year, but we manage that based on the opportunities to grow the platform in view of when we think the revenue will come.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Patrick Davitt: Hi, good morning, everyone. I guess, the fundraising -- the 2021 fundraising from a different angle. I think you said around $49 million, $50 billion of the gross inflow last year was what you consider organic. So as you think about all the stuff you listed that's in the market or expected to be in the market this year, what do you think is a good range for gross fundraising relative to that number excluding your view of what Athene and the Athora deal volume could be?
Marc Rowan: So I'm going to start and then I'm going to turn it I guess to Martin. I think it's important to understand, how we come at this holistically. So there is Athene and Athora deal volume. But as you know we are in the re-tech market every day. This year organic growth at just Athene, north of $20 billion. We are among the largest providers of alternative asset services in the retail marketplace. We elect to do that though in the form of guaranteed income rather than in the form of funds. We can at a later date explore the efficiency of that. When we start a new fundraise, no matter, which fund it is, we start with a very important anchor relative to almost anyone else in our marketplace. And that anchor is our massive permanent capital vehicles. They are as you know mostly allocated to yield alternatives, which is high grade. In fact yield alternatives, which is how their business runs but roughly 5% of their portfolio is allocated to alternatives. Making sure that we deliver adequate alternative assets to our insurance platforms is a very important part of achieving the overall returns of the insurance company and it actually has a second benefit. It aligns us to a much greater degree with our investors in that we own in some instances 15% or 20% of a new alternatives fund relative to what a GP commitment might be. So with that intro, I will then turn over to Martin. 
Martin Kelly: Great. So just I'll just put some -- a bit more color around that. We typically raise -- away from a year when we're reaching a big flagship fund in PE, we typically raise somewhere between $15 billion and $20 billion of third-party capital. And then in addition to that, we have organic growth at the insurance platforms plus we have insurance M&A. And then we have further deployment of assets in our insurance platforms as we reposition their balance sheets. So without any, sort of, unusually large M&A, without any flagship you're in the range of $40 billion to $50 billion a year give or take, and then with upside from there driven by the other two components. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I was just hoping you guys could maybe provide a little bit of an update on some of the direct origination platforms that you've been building out ranging from mid-cap aircraft leasing some of the newer ones. How are those progressing? And maybe you could just talk about your plans for building those out further from here whether it's in terms of head count adds other appetite for other asset classes and such? Thanks.
Marc Rowan: Perfect. Jim, why don't you take that? 
Jim Zelter: Great, thanks, Mike. Certainly, I would say, let's talk about the assessment of what we have in place versus growth. So as you highlighted mid-cap and PK both platforms that we entered 2020 strong objectives, and notwithstanding the challenges of March and April, strong years in both strong ROE at mid-cap and growth in the platform across all its activities. Same case with PK and merch where we put capital to work throughout the year and strong performance and a balance sheet that comes out in pristine shape. Both of those entities have a variety of great liquidity and additional equity that is  will be attaching or attracting over the several months. So, great growth out of those two. Marc also highlighted activities in the net lease space in the core plus and core space over in Europe and the U.S. two big growth areas for us. And I suspect, this year you'll see not only additional capital raise but deployment really first and foremost from our insurance balance sheets as Marc described, but also across the board from institutions as well which we're seeing a great demand from companies to think about how they think about their real estate considering what's going on in 2020. So a very, very strong pipeline there. I would say also, you know, we talked a lot about AOP our large-cap origination platform very healthy start to the first quarter of 2021. And finally, a lot of activities that you saw as a result last year, whether it was the ADNOC transaction, whether it was the Hertz securitization and dip whether it was the ABI transaction in the fourth quarter. So this whole large-cap and high-grade alpha which we are having a very, very strong end on so we see that  those are really the drivers and as Marc and Martin pointed out, we find ourselves in the enviable position that intellectual capital coming from the institutional sell-side from the big banks we are a partner of twice as they decide. And last year, across the firm, we brought in over 300 people. Many, many of those were high-quality individuals that we added to our origination platform. So, we feel like the opportunity has never been as strong as we sit here in the first quarter of 2021.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Campbell with Barclays. Your line is open.
Jeremy Campbell: Hi. Thanks. Martin, just getting a couple of questions from investors this morning here on the performance fee side of the equation. I know, you had a little color about Fund VIII a couple of hundred million still left there. But just wondering, if you  and I know, it's a little market-dependent, but wondering if you have any line of sight around when Apollo might be able to work through those issues and we can start seeing funds  fees show back up in the P&L in a more robust fashion for private equity?
Martin Kelly: Yeah, Jeremy, we're virtually through the delay in realizations resulting from the impairment. In my comments, I referred to a $0.06 delay. So the next $0.06 of what would otherwise be no carry coming out is to the LPs. And then after that, we're in the clear. And so any monetizations from them will create carry. I think the further benefit is as Fund IX continues to invest, and as Scott mentioned, with a healthy pipeline in front of us, and now being in carry we have a good line of sight into multiple years of Fund VIII realizations, with Fund IX tacking on to the back end of that. So the clawback is not an issue. It's specific to old funds. It's not specific to Fund VIII at all and so that's not an issue in terms of realizations. So I think as we look forward, there's a ramp in front of us to get through into what we see as a more normalized monetization period and carry coming through the PE business. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Carrier with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Mike Carrier: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I'm just seeing your comments on focusing on growth for the firm. Obviously, you guys have done a good job from an organic standpoint. So maybe away from insurance, just wanted to get your update on appetite for pursuing M&A to expand either in different strategies or geographies as we've seen some of your peers do? 
Marc Rowan: Okay. Again, I'll start and then I'll hand it to Jim and Scott. And first, thank you for your comments and I look forward to -- at our next Investor Day exploring what I'm about to say in more detail. But to be provocative, I believe we're going to see more change in our industry over the next five years than we have in the past 10.  If you step away and just think about what's happened, we've had a decade-plus of financial repression where investors who were relying on a certain set rate of guaranteed return or fixed income return have been unable to achieve that and they've been pushed further and further out on the risk spectrum to try and achieve any kind of normal return. To date that return has been met because we've been in a very interesting market.  At the same time, what we've seen is, we've seen two other -- perhaps three other really big trends. Trend one is indexation. The more and more market gets indexed the more things fall out of an index and create interesting opportunity. Second is correlation. And the third is volatility as we're seeing in spades in this market. All three, I believe present interesting opportunities for us to invest around, for us to augment our franchise in ways perhaps unexpected. And with that I'll see if Scott wants to add anything. 
Scott Kleinman: Yes. Look, I think as we continue to grow into geographies, into products, into sectors, we're always looking at can we build it ourselves, can we bolt on small teams or do we have to take larger steps and make more sizable acquisitions. And so all of that's completely on the table. And as we just pursue these different options, I think you'll see more of a mix of all of that going forward. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Your line is open.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Great. Good morning. I just want to talk a little bit more about the deployment backdrop and then maybe coming at it from some of the comments you just made, Marc. I mean, the perspective here is that the credit backdrop has recovered dramatically. Risk assets are at highs or close to it. And I know Apollo is always thinking about the upside opportunities, but also the downside risks. And so in a backdrop where it doesn't feel like there's being a lot of risk priced in broadly, how is that informing kind of the views on deployment? And I guess, what are some of the things you're looking at that are maybe different around deploying capital into this environment? 
Marc Rowan : Sure. Why don't I hand that to Jim to start? 
Jim Zelter : Sure. I mean, I really think the answer to that is looking back in our performance in 2020. If we had sat here a year ago and we described for you the litany of transactions from ADNOC to Expedia to Albertsons to ABI to both Hertz transactions, you would have said those were going to come out of the auspices of the banks. That was their regime. That's their opportunity. And so we have found ourselves in the enviable position of having expertise on sourcing, structuring, taking down and potentially syndicating those transactions. So the theme that we've talked about for several years, the evolution of intellectual capital from The Street to the buy side, the search for yield, the regulatory environment, our footprint, all the themes that Marc and Josh have been highlighting here, we just see those accelerating. And when we think about our pipeline for those transactions, which we think there's really just a handful of firms in the world that can do the execution, I just mentioned that's what excites us about our ability to grow. And also it's just -- it's the feedback loop to focusing more and more on that front end as Marc described. So I think the evolution of the business is constantly changing. Regardless of what happens in the regulatory front, we think that our robust model from sourcing and execution is really unmatched. And we expect that to continue not only in the US, but around the globe in Europe and in Asia. And in our view that's a real highlight of our growth opportunity.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Chris Harris: Great. Thanks guys. So there's been a lot of focus obviously on existing LPs and their willingness to reallocate to Apollo. Now that the review is over, can you talk a bit about the prospects for an expansion of Apollo's LP base?
Jim Zelter: Sure. This is Jim. I think I can't emphasize enough. As Marc said, we are a massive platform of $425 billion. We have thousands of institutional investors and certainly we see what's going on in the evolution of savings with regard to the wirehouses, RIAs and several others. And I think you should expect to see us expand that types of fundraising channels in the appropriate yield channels over the coming year and years ahead. We have brought on some folks to do that. We have augmented the team and part of our budget in 2021 and 2022 will be to really accelerate that. I do think that when we think about our platform and the conversation that's going on about distribution channels, we think we're particularly well suited to do so. Again, if you look at the -- I know there's a question earlier about our pipeline of products. We currently have about 11 products in the market, four/five of those are really evergreen. The other six/seven are the episodic ones that Scott mentioned. And certainly, there's a scalability to a variety of things whether it's our Accord Series, whether it's our TRF Series, whatever we have going on in core and core plus. So we feel that we have a great portfolio to apply to that diversification. And again, I think we have a great list of institutional LPs, but certainly there's ways for us to expand that on a continued basis as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gerry O'Hara with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Gerry O'Hara: Great. Thanks. Perhaps one the insurance outlook. I mean, clearly more entrants, more competition. So just kind of curious as to kind of any context or commentary you might be able to add as it relates to just more competition in that market. And also on a related basis, how we should think about the repositioning of last year's acquisitions. For example, did the market environment allow for an acceleration of that? Are you maybe more than 50% through it, or just some kind of context as it relates to those portfolios? Thank you.
Marc Rowan: Okay. It's Marc. I'll start with your second question and work backwards, which is to say ,I'm not going to steal Athene's thunder. They will be announcing results on the 17th. But in the commentary they've made to date, I know they are very pleased with how things are going. And some of the transactions that both Jim and Josh alluded to were anchored by our insurance company balance sheets both in the US and in Europe. Competition in any market is inevitable. People have seen now what we have built over the last 11 or 12 years and I assure you that we have paid substantial tuition. Buying something is not the same as integrating your business with an insurance company. Every morning at Apollo there are 150 people who wake up and do nothing other than insurance. The plumbing, the piping, the understanding of how assets get onboarded onto an insurance company balance sheet is different than making investments in insurance. It's different than managing money for insurance companies. It's a fundamentally different skill set. To delve in perhaps more than you wanted to what we have succeeded in doing in the insurance business is to create a virtuous circle. Insurance is a capital-intensive business. Every time you grow in insurance, you have to raise capital to support that growth from a regulatory point of view. What we have done is we have gotten to be so large and so profitable that we generate significant amounts of internal capital, so that we are able to continue to grow without necessarily raising new capital. If we want to grow really fast, yes, we augment the balance sheet by again integrating limited partners or integrating specific funds into our insurance company acquisitions. But it all starts with having a profitable insurance business. If you look at our public entity Athene, Athene has grown north of 15%, since inception, in terms of earnings. Any growth, any asset management has to be good for the underlying client, whether that client is a limited partner, whether that client is a retail investor or whether that client is an insurance company. This is all about balance and I'll come back to where Jim ended and where I started. We are not limited in our growth by the amount of money that can be raised. With our -- that's not true for every fund and every product. But across our platform, if we want to raise more money, we can be more aggressive in the reinsurance market. We can be more aggressive in the retail market. We can be more aggressive in the FABN market and so on and so on and so on. What we need to do is we need to have growth of the front end consistent with growth in the back end, because for an insurance company, particularly in the businesses that we're in, it's about earning adequate spread on a risk-adjusted basis. For our institutional and retail clients, it's about earning adequate return for the risk they undertake. The limiter of our growth is not our ability to raise AUM from any source. It is the ability to scale the front end of our business which should be our primary focus. And if we're good at that, AUM will take care of itself. Hopefully that answers your question.
Operator: Thank you. That's all the time we have for questions today. I'd like to turn the call back to Mr. Peter Mintzberg for closing remarks.
Peter Mintzberg: Thanks again for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with all of you again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to Apollo Global Managements Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference call is being recorded. This call may include forward-looking statements and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to Apollos most recent SEC filings, including the 8-K Apollo filed this morning for risk factors related to these statements. Apollo will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, which management believes are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in Apollos earnings presentation, which is available on the companys website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to purchase any interest in Apollo Fund. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Investor Relations.
Gary Stein: Great. Thanks, operator. Welcome to our third quarter 2020 earnings call. We hope you and your families are doing well in these challenging times. Joining me this morning are Leon Black, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Josh Harris, Co-Founder; and Martin Kelly, Chief Financial Officer and Co-Chief Operating Officer. In addition, Marc Rowan, Co-Founder; and Jim Zelter and Scott Kleinman; our Co-Presidents will be available for Q&A on this mornings call. Earlier this morning, we reported distributable earnings of $0.47 per common share, pretax fee-related earnings or FRE of $0.63 per share and we declared a cash dividend of $0.51 per share for the third quarter. Well open todays call with comments on our business and our quarterly earnings from Josh Harris and Martin Kelly. And then well move to a personal statement from Leon Black regarding his relationship with Jeffrey Epstein. Leons remarks will be the extent to which this matter will be discussed in light of the review, the independent review is currently underway. As we have continuously stated, Apollo never did any business with Jeffrey Epstein. We as a firm are appalled by Jeffrey Epsteins horrific acts and despicable conduct. Following Leons statement, Martin, Josh, Mark, Jim and Scott will be available to answer questions about our business and performance this quarter. With that, Ill turn things over to Josh.
Josh Harris: Thanks, Gary. I clearly echo your sentiments on behalf of our firm. And believe the conflicts committee review is an important step. Thank you all for joining our third quarter earnings call. I hope we continue to find you in good health. And to our employees, thank you very much for another quarter of hard work and dedication, which has resulted in strong results for our clients and shareholders. Starting with the investing environment, the equity markets remain ahead of fundamentals. The swift pace of economic recovery that we saw in the second quarter and into the third quarter has more recently slowed. As a result of low rates and the overvalued public markets, global investor demand for private market opportunities remains strong. Now withstanding high valuation, Apollo continues to source attractive risk return investments for our clients through selective market opportunities in credit, private equity and real assets. In the third quarter, Apollo continued to demonstrate the strength of our platform. For the nine months ended September 30, we achieved AUM growth of 31%, FRE revenue growth of 17% and FRE growth of 16%  revenue growth of 17% and FRE growth of 16%. For the third quarter AUM increased to $433 billion, and we reported FRE of $0.63 per share, a record for Apollo. Year to date asset under magic growth of $102 billion was largely due to growth of our insurance clients through strategic acquisitions and strong organic growth, specifically insurance accounted for $82 billion in inflows year to date. The large majority of which is fee generating immediately. Athene and Athora have now reached $238 billion and permanent capital vehicles now represent 60% of our asset base, while over 90% of our assets under management are either permanent in nature or has a contractual life of five years or more from inception. We believe that this long dated capital base gives us an advantage on the capital deployment side and provides resiliency for our FRE in all market environments. While increasingly our peers are focusing on insurance, we continue to believe that our platform has a number of advantages that make us the premier player in the space. Our insurance affiliates are well-capitalized, having raised over $18.5 billion of equity capital, which allows them to target large and transformative transactions. Just this week, it was announced at Venerable to Apollo help create will buy a variable annuity block from equitable that has total assets of approximately $35 billion, roughly doubling the size of Venerable. This transaction has limited direct impact to Apollos financial results. It speaks to our expertise across insurance segments. As we consider the big themes of investing over the last several years, financials, particularly insurance is a key focus of our firm. And as such, we have approximately 150 investment professionals focused on the sector, providing a broad set of capabilities across U.S. and European spread variable, property and casualty and life settlements. Additionally, as we sit at the crossroads of providing yield for our investors and capital solutions for companies in need of liquidity, we have developed extensive asset management capabilities, including a large and growing direct origination business. This expertise spans middle-market and large cap origination and a number of asset based lending categories that benefit our insurance and third-party clients. One example of our leading origination platform is a sizable transaction, we completed this quarter with the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company or ADNOC, in which Apollo sourced structured and executed investment for our clients in a $5.5 billion real estate portfolio. This was an investment grade transaction that was placed with our insurance and third-party clients looking for long-term yield  long-term and high quality yield. Given the sustained low rate environment, the size and strength of our asset management and origination capabilities, current organic growth trends and our acquisition capabilities, we expect continued growth in these insurance platforms. In addition to the strong growth weve seen in insurance, weve made progress in a number of other business initiatives. This year, we launched a $12 billion large cap direct origination strategy, and now start impact investing platform and listed a pause strategic growth capital speck. Additionally, weve continued to grow our existing strategies such as Accord, Hybrid Value, infrastructure and our total return strategy to name a few. In terms of third-party fundraising, we closed on $3.9 billion of third-party capital in the quarter, highlighted by number of first closures, including Hybrid Value two, an Accord four, and our new infrastructure opportunities strategy. These and other strategies have resulted in a strong year-to-date third-party fundraising of $18.4 billion through the end of the third quarter. Looking forward, we expect that third-party fundraising will slow over the near-term as some investors await the findings of the review, which Leon will discuss. Martin will also provide additional color on the potential impact to revenues. Before I turn the call over to Martin, I would like to reiterate my appreciation for those responsible for our strong earnings. Our employees, led by our impressive global leadership team, including Co-Presidents Jim Zelter and Scott Kleinman, who are here with me today are 14 person management committee and our leadership advisory forum of 60 senior global professionals. With each day that passes, Im increasingly impressed by the commitment and the collaboration of our Apollo team towards one another and our business. Thank you again for all of your hard work. With that, Ill hand the call over to Martin to cover some financial highlights of the quarter in greater detail.
Martin Kelly: Thanks, Josh. Id like to echo Joshs appreciation for all our employees, who continuing hard work is very much appreciated by our senior management team. For the third quarter, we announced a dividend of $0.51 per share, fully supported by our after-tax FRE. Our reliable FRE stream supports a dividend at a level above our stated minimum of $0.40 per quarter. Any quarters have more meaningful transaction fees the dividend can be substantially higher even without the benefit of performance fees. We generated FRE of $0.63 per share on a pre-tax basis for the quarter driven by growth in management fees and some higher transaction fees. Management fees were up 6% over the prior quarter and 13% over the third quarter of 2019, driven by growth in fees for investing the assets of our insurance clients, growth in new businesses described by Josh and deployment across the platform broadly. Transaction and advisory fees was $72 million for the quarter driven by capital solutions transactions and private equity activity. The increasing compensation costs reflects our continued investment in building our capabilities across the areas of growth that Josh highlighted, including an infrastructure, our hybrid capital business and FIG platform, as well as in technology and various business support functions across the firm. Our FRE margin for the third quarter was 55% in line with our year to date margin and with our full year 2019 margin. We continue to anticipate that for the full year 2020, our margin will remain in the range of mid-50s, reflecting low double digit revenue growth, balanced against the significant investments we are making across the Apollo platform. Specifically, weve invested over $100 million over the last two years in establishing new businesses, growing existing businesses and building technology and support teams around those businesses, all while maintaining our industry-leading FRE margins. Turning to incentive realizations. We continue to experience very low realized performance fees in the third quarter as gains from monetization activity in Fund VIII were refunded to LPs as a result of the impairments recognized in the first half of 2020. At the end of the third quarter, the netting hole and Fund VIII has been reduced to $650 million from $1.1 billion. We expect the gross realized performance fees will be negligible over the remainder of 2020 and the early part of 2021. As portfolio companies manage the impacts of COVID on their operations and the return of LP capital in Fund VII is prioritized. Turning to AUM. We ended the third quarter at $423 billion reflecting 5% growth quarter-over-quarter and 34% growth year-over-year. Inflows totaled $13 billion for the quarter, reflecting organic growth at Athene as well as fundraising for a number of strategies, including Accord Hybrid Value and infrastructure. For the third quarter fee generating AUM grew by 2% quarter-over-quarter and 38% year-over-year to $326 billion supported by inflows and capital deployment. Turning to deployment. Investment activity across the platform return to more normalized levels this quarter, consistent with the continued recovery in the markets, following the fed stimulus actions. During the third quarter deployment in our drawdown funds was at $2 billion compared to our average pace of $4 million to $5 million per quarter. However, our pipeline across the platform remains robust with a number of transactions in what we believe to be the lightest stages of our underwriting process. During the first and second quarters of this year, we provided information on our gross buying activity across the platform. The purpose of this metric was to provide an indication of the breadth of our activity levels in a volatile market. Recognizing the evolution and breadth of our platform beyond our drawdown funds and to provide an indication of our net investing and origination activity, were introducing an expanded deployment measure to supplement our historical equity drawdown deployment measure. In addition to equity deployment in drawdown funds, this metric includes all net purchases and originations across our businesses, including on behalf of their insurance clients, evergreen funds, managed accounts and across our yield platforms. In the third quarter, this expanded deployment measure was $21 billion, and on a year-to-date basis, it was $65 billion. This measure is trending modestly ahead of last year as the components of our yield business continued to expand. Additional disclosure around this expanded view of deployment is available in our earnings release in total and for each segment. Moving on to investment performance during the third quarter, our private equity funds portfolio appreciated by 8% due to strong performance across all funds public, and private holdings. Fund VIII appreciated by 10% driving an increase in the net carry asset to $0.76 per share. Fund VIII is now marked at a multiple of invested capital of 1.5 times. Its important to note that the Fund VIII is in full carry and the net carry asset is fully realizable at current markets. The impairment of all resulted in acceleration of proceeds to the Fund LPs, but does not change the value of the net carry asset. It is also important to note that the clawback is independent of Fund VIII and primarily related to legacy funds, which we expect to monetize over multiple years. Fund V, for example, a 2001 vintage fund is still open and has clawback. On a year-to-date basis, through the end of the third quarter, our private equity funds portfolio is down by only 5%, which compares favorably to the performance of the S&P value index down 13%. The portfolio remains in good shape overall, despite the challenging economic environment. And we remain confident in our platforms ability to generate meaningful realized returns overtime. We have not experienced any impairment beyond those recognized in the second quarter. In credit, our funds aggregate portfolio appreciated by 3.7% during the quarter. Notably on a year-to-date basis, our global corporate credit business has generated a 2.4% total return, reflecting 300 basis points of outperformance to its benchmark. In addition, the performance of loans in our credit portfolio exceeded the S&P Leveraged Loan Index by 140 basis points year-to-date through September 30. Higher bond performance exceeded to be a high yield index by over 800 basis points for the same period. And our credit strategies fund continues to perform very well is up 18% for the year through September 30. In real assets, our overall return for the quarter was 3.4% driven by broad appreciation across the portfolio, and as you continued to have a diminimous effects on our portfolio performance in both private equity and credit this quarter. Our net economic balance sheet value at the end of the third quarter after debt and preferred equity financing obligations was approximately $3.26 per share, growing meaningfully from the prior quarter. Our net performance fee receivable increased to $1.05 per share supported by this strong performance across the platform. Apollo remains in a very strong liquidity position with approximately $1.8 billion of liquidity available on our balance sheet. Our dry powder for investments across the fund complex was $46 billion at the end of the quarter, reflecting fundraising activity during the quarter offset by capital deployment. Let me spend a moment on the durability of our AUM in light of the current review and any impacts on fundraising. We believe our AUM is durable and consequently, our FRE is resilient. With 60% of our AUM in permanent capital vehicles, and over 90% of our AUM in permanent capital vehicles, all funds with five years or longer from inception, our revenue base is less susceptible to redemption. Only 3% of our AUM is able to be redeemed from funds that we managed within a 24-month period. And managed accounts have customized and have a variety of redemption features. Despite our progress in fundraising, which Josh commented on earlier, we expected some investors might look to pause do investments to new commitments to Apollo over the near term, at least until the independent review being conducted by the Conflicts Committee has been completed. To put our fundraising in context, our typical third-party capital raising has been in the range of $15 billion to $20 billion on an annual basis and it has been $18.4 billion year-to-date through September 30, with a further significant contribution from organic growth and strategic transactions from our insurance clients $82 billion to-date in 2020. Even in what we believe to be the very unlikely event of no third-party fundraising through 2021, but as a way to book and the potential impact, the combined effects of annualization of that robust growth in 2020 expected ongoing organic growth and redeployment of assets for our insurance clients at current fee rights and ongoing deployment of dry powder across the platform will result in revenue growth in the range of 7% to 9% in 2021, assuming redemptions and transaction fees at levels consistent with 2020. With that, Ill now turn the call to Leon.
Leon Black: Good morning, everyone. This is Leon Black. I hope you and your families are safe, healthy, and doing well despite these extraordinary and difficult times. As I have noted before, this is Apollos 31st year of doing business and I am extremely proud of our team and everything we have accomplished over the past three decades on the foundation of excellence, performance, and integrity. I want to begin today by addressing my prior business relationship with Jeffrey Epstein. By nature, I am a private person and it runs counter to my nature to speak publicly about personal matters. This has been true ever since living through the press coverage of my fathers suicide 45 years ago, but this matter is now effecting Apollo, which my partners and I spent 30 years building and its also causing deep pain for my family. Knowing all that I have learned in the past two years about Epsteins reprehensible and despicable conduct, I deeply regret having had any involvement with him. With the benefit of hindsight, working with him was a horrible mistake on my part. I am not seeking to excuse that decision, but I do believe it may be helpful to convey some relevant facts. First and most important, Apollo never did any business with Epstein, neither Epstein or any company controlled by him ever invested in any funds managed by Apollo. Second, as I stated in July 2019, Epstein did provide professional services to my family partnership and related family entities involving estate planning, tax, structuring of art entities and philanthropic advice. His work extended over a period of six years from 2012 to 2017. And I paid him millions of dollars annually for that work. There exists substantial documentary support for the services provided. All of Epsteins advice was vetted by leading law firms, accounting firms, and other professional advisors. Let me be clear. There has never been an allegation by anyone that I engaged in any wrongdoing because I did not. And any suggestion of blackmail or any other connection to Epsteins reprehensible conduct is categorically untrue. Third, I would like to provide some chronological context regarding my decision to do business with Epstein. I first met Epstein around 1996. At the time, Epstein was advising prominent clients on the state tax matters and his network of relationships included luminaries I respected and admired, including several heads of state, heads of prominent families and finance, a U.S. Treasury Secretary, accomplished business leaders, Nobel Laureates, acclaimed academicians and noted philanthropist. Epstein had just been named a trustee of Rockefeller University. He was also a member of both the Council on Foreign Relations and the Trilateral Commission. I was not aware of Epsteins criminal conduct until it was publicly reported that Epstein was being investigated by Florida State and federal prosecutors and law enforcement officials beginning in late 2006. In 2009, after being released from jail, Epstein returned to his previous financial advisory activities. And once again began working and associating with many prominent individuals, spanning the worlds of finance, academia, science, technology, philanthropy, business, and government. The distinguished reputations of these individuals gave me misplaced comfort in retaining Epstein services in 2012 for my personal estate planning, tax structuring and philanthropic advice. Like many other people I respected, I decided to give Epstein a second chance. This was a terrible mistake. I wish I could go back in time and change that decision, but I cannot. Had I known any of the facts about Epstein sickening and repulsive conduct, which I learned in late 2018, more than the year after I stopped working with them, I never would have had anything to do with him. I understand and appreciate that concerns remain. For that reason, at last weeks Apollo Board Meeting, I requested that the Boards Conflicts Committee comprised of three independent directors retain outside counsel to conduct a thorough review of and independently confirm the information I have conveyed about my prior professional dealings with Epstein. I strongly believe that such an independent review is in the best interest of Apollo, our employees, our shareholders, and our LPs. I look forward to the results of the independent review. I believe it will assure all of our stakeholders that they have the relevant facts and demonstrate that everything I have said about my relationship with Epstein is accurate and truthful. The review is now underway and I am cooperating fully. Out of respect for that process, I do not intend to provide any further details today or respond to questions concerning the matters under review, by the Conflict Committee and its counsel. I look forward to the committee completing its work and releasing its conclusions expeditiously. Finally, I too would like to add my support for Apollos 1,500 employees who work tirelessly to achieve the best possible returns on behalf of all our valued investors. I am extremely proud of the extraordinary breadth and depth of talent we have built at the firm, which I believe is the best in the industry. I also greatly appreciate the fortitude they have demonstrated over the past few weeks. With that, I thank you for your patience and well now turn it over to our senior leadership team for questions and answers to discuss our strong quarterly earnings.
Gary Stein: Thanks. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks for today. Can you please open up the line for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Craig Siegenthaler: Before my question, I wanted to hear your perspective on how Apollos clients have been reacting to the press reports, including the New York Times article that focused on Leons relationship with Jeffrey Epstein. And we saw comments from Cambridge and piercers, but I did not see any comments from your larger strategic investors. Thank you.
Josh Harris: Yes. So its Josh, Ill start and then Ill turn it over to Jim and Scott. And basically, we have incredibly long and durable relationships with our clients, like spanning over 30 years and weve delivered for our clients. Were deeply in contact with them. And obviously, theyre awaiting the results of the review that Leon discussed. And so but right now, were moving forward with our clients and focused on kind of the strategies that I discussed. Jim or Scott, anything to add?
Jim Zelter: I would just add this. Listen, were fortunate, as Scott, as Josh that weve got thousands of global clients and weve been an active dialogue. They are continuing to drawdown capital and allocate capital to us. Weve been very active and they support and embrace the process.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Glenn Schorr: Thank you. And I thought Leons comments were loud and clear, and I appreciate that. And it will not be a follow-up question for him on anything, I respect that. However, I do have one for you guys, on Apollo, just operationally. What kind of process I know youve got to let them do their thing, but are we talking about a couple of months? Are we talking about all of the next 12 months? What kind of process does that need to go through? And do  what is the outcome that LPs are waiting to hear? And do you expect if the process echoes Leons comments that were back on the same growth plan youd been on the new capital rates front? Thanks.
Josh Harris: Sure and I respond. So the process has being run by the Conflicts Committee, and there are independent directors on that committee. Theres three independence and they have a fiduciary obligation to shareholders. And so they are running that process, that review that will involve email reviews, interviews with people and so on. The timing is a little clear. I think theres a hope that it can be completed by the end of the year. But that has the usual aspects surrounded based on how the review proceeds. So in the meantime, were continuing to be actively engaged with LPs and weve had some capital close just this week. We expect more capital to close in the near term. And so were highly engaged with LPs and where were letting that review take us course as an independent process and well await the results.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Lee with KBW. Your line is now open.
Robert Lee: Great. Thank you for taking my questions. I guess, not no believe or too much. In addition of fundraising, and Im not  I dont know why was that  is this affecting this technical kind of the opportunities that you see out there for different kinds of employment in some markets where maybe in more competitive environments  maybe making it more difficult to engage?
Martin Kelly: Its really not. Basically, we have a very active pipeline across private equity, real assets, infrastructure, and credit. I mean  and Scott or Jim, if you want to add any color, go for it.
Scott Kleinman: No. Yes, Ill  this is Scott. Ill just reply. No, our teams are as busy as they really have been. So this is the answer your question pretty clearly now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Alex Blostein: Good morning, and I appreciate everybodys comments here. Two things, I was hoping to get a little bit more clarity on, I guess, one understanding that there could be slowdown in new commitments to your guides and strategies. Do you think current situation could impact any of the potential insurance transactions that could be done on behalf of your insurance partners? So I guess thats one. And two, are there any conditions where LPs could choose to pull their commitments from funds that have already been committed or so? So in other words, not obviously, permanent capital ones, but the more longer-dated ones like private equity, et cetera. Thank you.
Josh Harris: Sure. So yes  and to answer the first question on the insurance side, the pipeline there for everything from PRT, block positions to larger transactions is extremely busy. So I think theres a lot going on there and that will continue. As far as your second question around capital being able to be to be pulled, the answer is no. As Martin said in his comments only 3% of our capital can be withdrawn in the next 24 months. So there is really no scope for what you were trying to  what you were describing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. Maybe on clawback. The clawback payable this quarter was essentially flat. Can you give us more details in terms of the path forward to climb out of clawback? And does clawback impact the way you think about take and carry going forward on future funds? Thanks.
Josh Harris: Sure, Ken. So I made some reference to this in my comments. Carry or clawback is calculated and it is one or the other at the fund level. And so a fund thats in carry does not have any clawback associated with it. So Fund VIII is clearly in carry at $0.76 of net carry on the balance sheet. The clawback is related to legacy funds, more than half the clawback is Fund VII and then the rest of it is a variety of other funds. And its not uncommon to have clawback towards the back end of a fund, when you have the last  the last investments that may not do as well. And in effect, theres been a slight over distribution of carry from other successful investments earlier in the fund. These things tend to have a very long life to them and so I referenced Fund V, which is 20 years old. So  and clawback is only payable when the fund is finally closed. When the loss as it is sold and the fund is liquidated thats when clawback is due. And we can choose to fund callback either through a reduction in distribution or off the balance sheet. So it has a very, very long tail to it and I dont see  its not uncommon, so I dont see it affecting carry structures and how we take carry on future funds. And its just a  its just a dynamic that we manage and were accustomed to.
Operator: Our next question comes from William Katz with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
William Katz: Okay, thank you very much. Just a two-part question this morning. Martin, you had mentioned that you qualified sort of how youre spending this year. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the investment cycle into next year and maybe the FRE margins on that? And then maybe a broader question around and who knows about this next week, but carried interest, tax, if that were to actually rise, what if any impact it might have on earnings? Thank you.
Martin Kelly: Sure. So I referenced, about $100 million of spend over two years. Weve been in a period of time when weve been investing in the platform and weve talked about that a fair amount. Roughly speaking that breaks down into a third investing in growing our opportunistic businesses, a third into growing our yield businesses and a third into growing the support functions around the firm for those businesses and further reasons. So I would not anticipate the pace of investment that weve been on continuing at those levels, although were continuing to look at opportunities in front of us and invest, where we see areas for growth. And then on the tax point, its hard to know at this stage what the bill or any bill might look like and there so many potential components to it. If tax rates increase  if corporate tax rates increase and of course that will increase our overall tax rate at the company level. An increase in taxes on carry doesnt affect the firms earnings and we dont see that affecting comp and comp structures as we look forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Chris Harris: Thanks guys. With Marc Rowan on the call, I was wondering if he could may be take a minute or two and talk about his decision to take the semi sabbatical and I would ask the question because there has been some investor speculation about whether that decision was it all related to the Epstein matter?
Marc Rowan: Sure. This is Marc. Im happy to take that. So firm grew in the insurance business, which I spend most of my time in  more than $80 billion literally in the second quarter. I have never work that hard since I was young associate more than 30 years ago. And so I decided to take a semi sabbatical. So far its been more semi than sabbatical. But there is an amazing team thats there. And as you saw from the pace of activity, we havent missed a beat in the insurance business in terms of anticipation of any events, absolutely not.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research. Your line is now open.
Patrick Davitt: Thanks. One quick follow-up from the call and then another question on the netting hole. The 7% to 9% revenue growth, you gave thats management fee growth rate, it will not include performance fees?
Martin Kelly: Right. Thats  its FRE management fees.
Patrick Davitt: And then a quick follow-up on the clawback, I think you said the netting hole was reduced, but the clawback remained the same. Could you help me understand the disconnect there?
Martin Kelly: Yes, they are again distinct from each other. So the  the carry  the carry asset, lets just focus on Fund VIII. The carry asset on Fund VIII is based on current marks on the portfolio and if we sold everything today at the prices that we mark assets at, then we would have net carry of $0.74 a share to distribute. The impairment is not more than the timing impact. It results in a diversion of the next sales of assets and the next profits that come out of that to LPs, to sort of right size them for losses that weve taken. But ultimately its the sequencing versus the quantum of carry that affected by that. Its completely independent of the clawback. The clawback is not related to Fund VIII, but the impairment is and well work our way through the impairment as weve been doing and as you saw in Q3. And once we clear that, there will be sort of in full distribution mode.
Operator: Our next question comes from Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Your line is now open.
Devin Ryan: Great. Good morning. Just a question on investing philosophy. Obviously over time Apollos established a great track record as being a leading value investor. And clearly, it feels like the public markets least are much more focused on growth than value industries in that kind of rewarding that, the pandemic has only I think accelerated that structural shift and shifts in the economy. So Im curious whether this plays at all, how you guys are thinking philosophically about the construction of funds in the intermediate term, meaning, whether you would potentially lean more towards growth areas just given that the economy is kind of being turned into has and have not world where a lot of value is by value for good reason?
Josh Harris: So weve set up our platform with 550-plus investors that are focused on creating idiosyncratic opportunities outside the public markets that have at discounts that create excess return on behalf for our clients. Clearly, as were not tone deaf to the opportunities and growth. And so there is certainly  we are reorienting a little bit around like what is Apollos  how does Apollo they play growth? And the way were going to play growth is very similar to how we approach everything else, which is there are definitely going to be, those companies that are growing that might be a little higher multiple, that need capital, that might be for whatever reason kind of discounted, maybe its a portfolio of assets. Maybe its us recognizing value that others dont see. And then on the credit side clearly we increasingly whether itd be Airbnb or Expedia, or there are just a number of growth companies that need kind of credit and capital and Hybrid Value type capital that were deeply  deeply in dialog with in providing capital structure solutions for. And so I think for sure we are affected by the world and the market and we do see that as a huge opportunity for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Michael Cyprys: Go back to the origination platforms and some of the investments youre making in the business there, I hope you can elaborate on that a little bit? And then we saw some headlines that you may be taking one of the platforms public through an IPO. I guess just maybe bigger picture, if you could just talk to, what the long-term aspirations are with these plans, with these portfolios platforms and how that might work in terms of feeding direct origination into your business and for clients. They are separate companies or maybe less attached, how do you see that sort of playing out?
Jim Zelter: Hey, Mike, its Jim. Weve talked for a while on this theme over the last several years. We talked about Investor Day last year, about the evolving backdrop of lending and whats going on in the markets. And Josh alluded to the ADNOC transaction today. Obviously, the value question is sometimes pointed at our opportunistic business, but it really permeates the entirety of our business to $425 billion. So in credit as you pointed out theres a variety of areas where origination, whether its midcap, whether its large cap origination, whether its what were doing an aircraft, our commercial mortgage and resi mortgages, PK Aviation, those are all businesses and platforms that really enable us to source, analyze and execute for our insurance clients, our third-party clients together. And as we pointed out last year there is no one manner in which they are restructured. Some makes sense to be owned by the insurance affiliates because those are going to create flow for those vehicles really primarily, some have a much broader application. So from our view is that there is no one way to do it, we certainly will expect to continue. Weve been  as Josh already alluded to, there is a variety of large transactions in our pipeline that we cant announce now, but as you can see whether it was the Aeromexico dip or very similar situations like that in credit or in other areas that are critical to our growth, really  really for us its a critical area. In terms of the name, you mentioned about one of our companies, sometimes it makes sense for us to take on third-party equity funding. The company referring to AmeriHome has had a phenomenal successful run. We thought, where the valuations were and the long-term aspirations and who owns that equity, we thought a public listing made sense. Certainly the marketplace had different view of it as of this week. But again, its been very successful, contributed a lot of earnings and assets to us and we continue to think this is a big priority for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Carrier with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Mike Carrier: All right. Good morning and thanks for taking the question. Martin, just two clarifications. You mentioned the 79% revenue growth next year, I just wanted some context on what that included? And then on the new metric on overall deployment, I think you mentioned the $21 billion. Is that driving you something in terms of the business, whether its higher yield like any revenues, just wondering in terms of why you guys maybe focus on that? Thanks.
Martin Kelly: Sure, Mike. So lets start with the first question. The 7% to 9% is a combination of a number of different things. One is annualizing growth in the platform across the whole platform this year including the insurance transactions and everything else. It takes account of what we see as wind downs next year based on what we anticipate selling. It actually kind of organic growth in [indiscernible] as well as deployment activity using our existing dry powder. So thats what and I assume this transaction fees at a level similar to this year, given our emphasis on the large corporate lending business in the phase of thats generating. So thats sort of the context behind that number. It obviously doesnt take any credit for incremental capital raising from here.
Josh Harris: Which we think is unlikely, but we wanted to give the sensitivity to everyone.
Martin Kelly: Yes. And look at the second question is, we view it as a  I guess in the deployment as we  as weve typically disclosed is specific to drawdown funds. And the non-drawdown funds part of our business is increasing. Its really where were seeing less of the growth. And so we see this additional metric as an important measure of the growth of our business across the whole platform including our origination platforms, including our business for our insurance clients and our third-party clients and including the drawdown funds. So its a  we think a more encompassing measure of the true activity levels across the platform and well continue to report that and speak to it going forward.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW. Your line is now open.
Robert Lee: Great, thanks for taking my follow-up. I did have a question on the transaction and advisory fees. I mean the  I know you had a lot of activities, its part of they were up  they previewed last quarter. Can you maybe talk a little bit about underneath that  how much of that just been driven more as you kind of ramp up youre kind of your capital allocation businesses versus just spree of deployments? Just trying to get a sense how we should think of that line item migrating going forward?
Josh Harris: Yes. Rob, its a mix. Actually, so last quarter there was a big fee and it was related to closing some co-invest capital on a large PE transaction. And they occur from time to time as we  as we close big transactions. This quarter, it was more related to the lending business, which Jim has spoken to. But thats an important growth area for us. We view the ability to originate a very large transactions and speak to a whole transaction with that capital and then syndicate it to investors that want to take a piece of it to be  important and important to our growth. And so that the fees this quarter related more to that than sort of classic co-invest capital.
Martin Kelly: But as we ramp that origination, whether itd be Apollo strategic partners or our large cap origination engine or otherwise, we would expect that  that, those fees would grow over time and they are, and become more predictable and sustainable.
Operator: That concludes todays question-and-answer session. Id like to turn the call back to Gary Stein for closing remarks.
Gary Stein: Great. Thanks, operator, and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. As we said earlier, we hope you and your families all remain safe and healthy.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to Apollo Global Management's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation, all callers will be placed in a listen-only mode, and following management's prepared remarks, the conference call will be open for questions. This conference call is being recorded. This call may include forward-looking statements and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to Apollo's most recent SEC filings, including the 8-K Apollo filed this morning for risk factors related to these statements. Apollo will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, which management believes are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in Apollo's earnings presentation, which is available on the Company's website. Also, note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to purchase any interest in Apollo fund. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Investor Relations.
Gary Stein: Welcome to our second quarter 2020 earnings call. We hope you and your families are doing well in these challenging times. Joining me this morning are Leon Black, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Josh Harris, Co-Founder; and Martin Kelly, Chief Financial Officer and Co-Chief Operating Officer. Gary Parr, Senior Managing Director is also on the line and will be available during the Q&A session. Earlier this morning, we reported distributable earnings of $0.46 per common share, pretax fee-related earnings or FRE of $0.59 per share and a cash dividend of $0.49 per share for the second quarter. With that, I will turn the call over to Leon Black.
Leon Black: Thanks, Gary, and thank you all for joining us. I'd like to express my wishes to everyone listening that this finds you and your families healthy and safe. And to our employees who have continued to work tirelessly on behalf of our clients and our shareholders, I'd like to convey my appreciation and gratitude. We are not working under typical circumstances, to say the least. And you have all continued to go above and beyond to drive the strong results that we're reporting today. I think, this speaks to the tenacity and spirit of our employees, as well as the collaborative and adventive culture we have at Apollo. Globally, companies continue to operate in incredibly challenging circumstances as we face what started as a health crisis, but it progressed into an economic crisis as well. Across the firm, we have responded quickly to this changing landscape with a focus on engagement and operations across our investment professionals, client and product solutions teams, and enterprise solutions group, which has helped us transition into a work-from-home environment smoothly. This quarter marked the achievement of a significant milestone as the Apollos AUM grew by approximately $100 billion to surpass $400 billion for the first time in our history. This growth was driven by Athene, Athora and strong inflows during the quarter and represents 33% growth year-over-year. With $414 billion of AUM as of June 30th, we are well on our way towards the $600 billion goal that we provided at Investor Day this past November. We continue to see robust demand for Apollo products and a strong pipeline for insurance transactions over the next few years. As a further indication of the breadth of our platform and our activity level through the pandemic, gross purchases were $45 billion across the platform in the second quarter, with some of this related to the repositioning of insurance company balance sheets. We continue to dynamically navigate through this challenging environment on behalf of all our investors. Now, I would like to spend some time talking about the remarkable depth of leadership that resides at Apollo and continues to evolve. Since our founding, we have intensely focused on the strategic growth and evolution of Apollo as a leading world-class alternative investment manager. In recent years, weve broadened the firm's executive team, most notably by naming Scott Kleinman and Jim Zelter, as co-presidents. Scott and Jim have shown strong corporate leadership, taking on responsibility for Apollo's revenue generating and investment businesses. Additionally, we continue to elevate and hire exemplary individuals to run the day-to-day operations across all lines of our business, including credit, private equity and real assets, and our insurance platforms. Our recent hires and the evolution of our leadership structure demonstrate our commitment towards growth, progression and the ongoing modernization of our firm. Today, we are announcing that on the back of an almost unprecedented quarter, adding $80 billion of insurance assets and liabilities to the portfolios that we manage, Marc Rowan, co-founder, who oversees this area, has decided, he will take a step back from his day-to-day oversight of the business and enjoy a semi sabbatical. Marc will continue to work with Josh and I, driving the strategic direction of the firm, especially for our financial institutions and insurance-related businesses. Marc will remain a member of the Apollo Board and Executive Committee, will continue to serve on the Board and Executive Committee of Athene and will remain on the Board of Athora. Scott Kleinman will assume the day-to-day operational responsibility of leading our financial institutions and insurance activities. Jim Zelter will continue to focus on asset management and credit investment activities across our insurance clients. Together, with Gary Parr, Gernot Lohr, Matt Michelini and Jasjit Singh, they will lead a broad team of over a 100 professionals who are dedicated to our insurance clients. Josh, Marc and I maintain the utmost confidence in this team to lead us into the next phase of growth and development for these platforms and for the firm more broadly. We are excited for what the future holds. We are also actively engaging on the topics of citizenship, diversity and inclusion. We recently completed our latest annual social responsibility report, which highlights that since the inception of our ESG program in 2008, the combined efforts are resulted in more than 10 million tons of waste recycled by portfolio companies, over 1 million volunteer hours by employees of portfolio companies, and approximately $1 billion of charitable donations just to name a few achievements. We have brought on some exceptional talent to assist with our citizenship efforts, including Lauren Coape-Arnold, who joined late last year as Global Head of Citizenship. This year, we introduced a formal charitable matching program for employees, which included special initiatives for COVID with $50 million in relief effort contributions globally from Apollo, its founders and portfolio companies, and also for racial injustice reform. These initiatives were well-supported by our employee base. More recently, as tragic events have further brought the issue of systemic racial injustice in this country to the forefront, we've been spending a great deal of time listening and thinking about how we can engage to a greater degree on this issue. As leaders in the industry, we need to be honest in acknowledging that we do more to help combat these inequities. And we are committed to enhancing our diversity and inclusion strategy in all aspects of our business. We are very excited to welcome our new Head of Leadership Development and Diversity, Jonathan Simon, who joins us next month. In addition, we have expanded our existing partnerships with organizations that work with students of color and communities in need. Finally, before turning this over to Josh who will speak more extensively on the subject, you should know that I am particularly proud of the strong performance delivered by the Apollo team in the second quarter. During challenging times, Apollo has generated dramatic growth in both, AUM and FRE, in fundraising and in deployments, as well as raising the bar on social consciousness. This has truly been a prime example of grace under pressure or of the whole Apollo enterprise getting going when the going was getting to get tougher. With that, I'd like to turn this over now to Josh to provide an overview of our business operations for the first quarter. Josh?
Josh Harris: Thanks, Leon. We are really pleased to further evolve our leadership team, and I look forward to continuing to drive growth for Apollo alongside you and Marc. Apollo has responded, as Leon mentioned, to the challenges of working through the global pandemic, exceptionally well. Our outmost priority during this time has been to focus on the health and safety of our people and their families, which include our 15 offices around the world. We have challenged ourselves to innovate and adapt to new technology and to make this work -- a remote work environment, as efficient as possible. Looking forward, we are approaching the return to office with an emphasis on ensuring the ongoing wellbeing and productivity of our employees. Now, turning to our results. Our business has done exceptionally well over the last six months. For many years, we've been making four key points about how our business would perform during a period of severe market dislocation or a recession. Number one, our FRE growth and margins would be durable and stable; two, our fundraising would be resilient and potentially accelerate, driving AUM growth; three, we would find attractive risk reward investment opportunities for our investors; and four, the majority of our markdowns in our funds portfolios would be transient. All of these are proving out during this period of time, reflecting the strength of our platform. I'd like to briefly highlight the two notable transactions that reflect our continued market leadership in serving our insurance clients. These transactions closed during the second quarter, despite a backdrop of continued market volatility and uncertainty. At the beginning of the second quarter, Athora closed on its acquisition of VIVAT. Athoras assets now stand at $60 billion. This transaction is transformative for Athora, as it creates a meaningful scale, diversifies Athoras business further geographically, and adds significant operational talent and a distribution capability to the Athora platform in the Netherlands. In addition, in June, Athene announced and closed its reinsurance transaction with Jackson National, which is the largest reinsurance transaction in recent history. Through these transactions, Athene and Athora have added $73 billion of assets. And we believe that substantial consolidation opportunities remain across the insurance industry. Following these two transactions, our insurance clients continue to have a strong capital position with over $85 billion of buying power in aggregate. This capital serves as a key strategic differentiator for our clients as they do unique asset management, transaction and origination capabilities of more than 150 employees at Apollo focused on serving them. Apollos permanent capital vehicles now represent 60% or approximately $250 billion of our AUM. And over 90% of our AUM is either derived from permanent capital vehicles or has a contractual life of five years or more from inception. The stable base of AUM continues to underpin our durable and growing fee-related earnings, which we have successfully grown through all market environments and expect to continue to do so. For the first half of 2020, our FRE grew at 9% compared to the first half of 2019. Despite multiple periods of market dislocation and the impact of an ongoing global health and economic crisis, we continue to remain highly committed to growing FRE at a robust pace over the long run and remain very confident in our ability to achieve the goals we set for our long-term FRE growth at our Investor Day last November. Our FRE margin was 55% for the first half of 2020, in line with our 2019 FRE margin. Turning to fundraising. Total inflows during the second quarter were a robust $89 billion, inclusive of Athene and Athora growth. Over the last 12 months, total inflows have been $119 billion, a record for Apollo. This includes $73 billion of growth of insurance clients, mergers and acquisitions, $35 billion of capital raising and other inflows from our fund investors, and $11 billion from organic growth at our insurance clients. In the second quarter, the breadth of our platforms investment capabilities and strength of our global relationships with investors drove fundraising that was significantly above our average quarterly level. Notably, this momentum was achieved during a time of nearly all virtual interactions. During the quarter we announced and closed on $17.4 billion in fund commitments. Key initiatives include the launch of Apollo Strategic Origination Partners platform, which will target an emerging opportunity in the large scale direct origination solutions for high quality businesses, a market currently underserved by private credit. The origination partnership will leverage Apollo's incumbency with borrowers, utilizing our credit platforms relationships with approximately 3,300 issuers of both, corporate and sponsor-backed companies. Also contributing to inflows was a $1.75 billion close for our Accord III B. This is our dislocation strategy that we were able to launch and close within approximately eight weeks. And we are now in the market for the next series of the Accord strategies. Looking forward, we remain confident that we will be able to meet or exceed the $20 billion fundraising goal we discussed on our last earnings call, which consisted of increasing the target size for certain funds, accelerating the timeline for other fundraisers, launching new strategies to address opportunities driven by market dislocation. We are appreciative of the trust and support from both, existing and new investors as they commit to a range of strategies currently available on our platform, including our origination strategy, Accord, Hybrid Value, infrastructure, U.S. and Asia real estate, managed accounts and various evergreen strategies. During the second quarter, turning to deployment, we deployed $7.2 billion of capital across our drawdown fund. Through a shifting market landscape, we remain active looking for attractive asymmetric risk reward and investing in high-quality top of the capital structure opportunities. As public markets have recovered, driven by massive but unnecessary federal stimulus, instead of fundamentals, it's been more challenging to find these attractive risk reward opportunities. However, we have been able to successfully navigate these markets to date and are increasingly focused on providing bespoke capital solutions for brand name franchises, facing liquidity constraints or looking to capitalize on growth opportunities. Capital deployments for the quarter included originations led by our Hybrid Value and credit businesses for companies such as Expedia, Albertsons, Airbnb, MFA, Cimpress, NGL Energy and Delta. As of the second quarter Hybrid Value stood at 71% committed or invested. And we were back in the market for this strategy. These transactions highlight the benefits of our globally integrated platform and the deep pools of capital across our clients, which allow us to structure bespoke financing solutions quickly and with certainty of execution. Going forward, we believe these factors will continue to make Apollo a premier financing partner for companies, and we see a strong pipeline ahead for hybrid value, our various credit vehicles and our new strategic origination partnership. In addition, our private equity fund, Fund IX, recently closed on the $6 billion take-private transaction for Tech Data, representing the largest public to private transaction completed this year. Tech Data is a global leader in information technology distribution, which we believe is well-positioned to continue to benefit from the secular IT spending tailwinds. And we created this investment in an attractive creation multiple of approximately 7 times EBITDA prior to cost savings. As of the end of the second quarter, Fund IX has reached 40% committed or invested. Looking ahead, we remain of the view that technicals are well ahead of fundamentals, and therefore we are prepared for continued volatility and a wide range of outcomes over the coming quarters. Apollos leading investment returns through cycles are reflective of both, our focus on preserving capital for our investors and our ability to pivot quickly and opportunistically to invest during leading market dislocations. Our private equity and credit pipelines are robust, and we believe there will be many opportunities for us to identify and capture misplaced risk on behalf of our investors in the months and quarters to come. Finally, as we have discussed in recent quarters, we remain focused on increasing the accessibility and liquidity profile of our stock. As a result of the changes made to date, we are now included in the CRISP, S&P Total Market, MSCI and Russell indices. To our existing shareholders, we are grateful that you have been along for the ride; and to our prospective new shareholders, we look forward to engaging with you. To conclude my comments, our strong results for the second quarter and first half of this year are a testament to the strength of Apollo's global integrated platform and resiliency of our team. Against a very challenging market backdrop, we have demonstrated the durability of our growing FRE and the stability of our margins. Through severe market dislocations, our funds invested meaningfully during a short window of very-attractive risk reward opportunities, creating what we believe will be a substantial value for our investors. We also demonstrated our ability to pivot quickly in reaction to shifting market landscapes and are now increasingly focused on providing capital solutions for franchise businesses. And we see a growing pipeline of private equity. We've grown our AUM at a substantial pace over last year and continue to see strong demand for our products, putting us on pace to achieve or exceed communicated goals of raising over $20 billion of new capital over the next year and being well on our way to surpassing $600 billion of AUM [Technical difficulty]
Operator: It looks like the line has dropped off.
Martin Kelly: I'll finish that -- he's at the tail end. I'll finish his comments and then go into mine. So being well underway to surpassing $600 billion of AUM over a five-year period and growing our FRE mid-teens average annual rate, as we outlined in last November's Investor Day. To help achieve these goals, we continue to invest meaningfully across the platform, building out our investment talent and infrastructure. So, it's Martin. Ill pick up on the comments. Id firstly like to echo Joshs appreciation for all our employees whose hard work has resulted in a seamless transition into our current remote working environment. So, on dividend, FRE&D. For the second quarter, we announced a dividend of $0.49 per share supported by our after tax FRE. Our reliable FRE stream supports the dividend at a level above our stated minimum of $0.40 per quarter. And in quarters of more meaningful transaction fees the dividend can be substantially higher, even without the benefit of performance fees. We generated FRE of $0.59 per share on a pretax basis for the quarter, driven by growth in management fees and some higher transaction fees. Transaction and advisory fees were $62 million in the quarter, driven by transactions including tech data, as well as Albertsons and other capital solutions transactions. The increase in compensation cost reflects continued investment in building out our capabilities across the areas of growth that Josh highlighted, including in infrastructure, our hybrid capital business and FRE [ph] platform, as well as in technology and various support functions across the firm. Turning to incentive realizations. We had a very low level of gross realized performance fees in the quarter, which drove negative pretax incentive earnings for the quarter after accounting for the profit share interests in realized carry and financing costs associated with our debt and preferred securities. As a result, our dividend of $0.49 per share for the quarter was fully supported by our after-tax FRE. On AUM, as Leon and Josh both referenced, we saw growth of $98 billion in AUM, as a result of the strategic growth at Athene and Athora, as well as strong fundraising, organic growth at Athene and positive mark-to-market adjustments. For the second quarter, fee generating AUM grew by 36% or $88 billion to $330 billion, supported by those same factors, as well as robust capital deployment. Gross redemptions in the first half of the year were just $1.2 billion or well less than 1% of our AUM through a period of significant volatility, reflecting the largely long-dated nature of our funds capital. Moving on to investment performance during the second quarter. Our private equity funds portfolio appreciated by 12%, primarily due to strong performance across our funds public holdings. The portfolio remains in good shape overall, despite the challenging economic environment. Fund VIII is now out of holdback having appreciated by 17% during the quarter. We invested Fund VIII with an emphasis on durable business models and strong free cash flow and with the focus on purchase price. Fund VIII portfolio companies were bought at a 6.5 times enterprise value to EBITDA multiple on average, excluding cost savings with only 3.6 times of leverage on average, well below industry levels. Given our value orientation and the high quality of our funds portfolio companies, we remain confident in our platform's ability to generate meaningful realized returns over time. We recorded impairment charges of approximately $1 billion during the second quarter, across a handful of investments that we had previously identified on our watch list. These investments were focused on energy or were heavily impacted by COVID. We are required to recruit patient payments before future performance fees may be distributed. We continue to expect that gross realized performance fees will be very modest over the course of 2020 as portfolio companies manage the impacts of COVID on their operations and as we prioritize the return of LP capital, as a consequence of the impairments. In credit, our funds aggregate portfolio appreciated by 7.4% during the quarter supported by the rebound in public credit markets. On a year-to-date basis, our credit funds portfolio in aggregate is down 2.5%, outperforming both the S&P Leveraged Loan Index and the Bank of America Merrill Lynch High Yield Index by roughly 2%. Our credit strategies fund is also up by 68% year-to-date. In real assets, our overall return for the quarter was positive 1.4%. Energy continued to have a de minimis impact on our portfolio performance in both, private equity and credit this quarter. Our net economic balance sheet value at the end of the second quarter after debt, preferred equity financing obligations was approximately $2 per share, growing meaningfully from the prior quarter. Our net performance fee receivable increased by approximately $0.40 per share, reflecting in part the full reversal of holdback in Fund VIII. Apollo remains in a very strong liquidity position with approximately $1.75 billion of liquidity available on our balance sheet. In June, we raised $500 million through a debt offering to further bolster our capital position in light of accommodating in attractively priced markets. Our dry powder for investments across our fund complex was $47 billion at the end of the quarter, an increase of $6 billion driven by fundraising during the quarter. And with that, we'll now turn the call back to the operator and open the line for any of your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And Josh Harris has returned to the conference. Our first question will come from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. So first, maybe just to touch on Marc's decision to step away from the business on a sabbatical, Leon, I guess, as you described. Is this a bigger picture succession plan effort, or is this more of a temporary change and Marc will be looking to reengage? And are there any implications on the pace of deal making within insurance space we should anticipate on the back of that?
Leon Black: I think it's really that we've been in COVID lockdown now for five months. Marc has just quarter back, two transactions in the quarter, the second quarter, which we've talked to you a bunch about, which you're aware of. And you want to take a little time off from day-to-day operations, especially with the confidence that there is a team there now of over 100 who are totally focused on insurance, and Scott Kleinman been on the Board of Athene and hes been very involved more increasingly on day-to-day. And as we've mentioned, and the reason we call it a semi sabbatical is Marc is still very, very engaged in the firm and on the strategic planning with Josh and myself. He remains on the Executive Committee; he remains on the Apollo Board as well as the Athene Board and Executive Committee and on Athora. So, I would really just take it at face of what we've said and not read more into it. I think, he has a well-deserved desire to not be involved in so much day-to-day, given the great team that's been built up and how much that's already been accomplished. But, I think he would tell you that he thinks we're still in early innings in terms of what he has really masterminded over the last 12 years in building the insurance operations to over $200 billion and I think believes that there's no reason that can't double over the next three, four years, and I think he plans to be a major part of that.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: Good morning, everyone and congratulations on completing two very sizable transactions this quarter. Just on the two transactions, as we look forward, can you remind us on the level of deal capacity at both Athene in the U.S. and Athora Europe? And also, can you update us on the current M&A and reinsurance backdrop in both markets as we try to estimate the potential for future transactions?
Leon Black: Gary, do you want to take that?
Gary Parr: Yes, I'd be happy to. And, I need to address the second one first. And that is just the activity level that could be available. There's several ways to look at it. One is the market opportunity, and the second is how Apollo is positioned to address the issue. The market opportunity today is as robust as it has been over the last four years. The low interest rates continue to put a lot of pressure on traditional companies. Notably, the tight spreads on public securities make it very difficult in the spread business for other companies. We of course, invest so much in originating good investments and creating extra spread. The others, their capital rules continue to create pressure. Particularly in Europe Solvency II is problematic for some back books, the old books of companies. And lastly, a lot of companies continue try to focus more on lines where they can win business or just be winners. And that means they're exiting lines of business or entire geographies, and we're seeing that level of flow. So, I'd say, sitting today, comparing to any point in time in last four years, we are in is many substantive conversations, we have no idea exactly what the timing of transactions will be. But, as an overall backdrop, it's everybody as attractive today, is it spending at any point in time in the last four years? And in that four years, we've announced five material transactions, three in the U.S., two in Europe. You asked about the capacity. We said that -- as we said, its over $85 billion of buying power. And that basically relates to the excess capital at Athene, plus borrowing capacity. ADIP of course still has quite a lot of capacity and Athora also has about a 0.5 billion of capacity of equity. And I think the last point on this growth potential, that's our existing capacity to do transactions, so over 85 billion. But, as a reminder, as we said in Investor Day, we're very appreciative our investors believe in us. We've raised over $12 billion in the last three and a half years of equity capital to do transactions. And we continue to see that as our ability to raise capital. When we see opportunities, we think we have the credibility, at least up to this point and we've proven it and we think we will continue to.
Leon Black: Just to add to that, it's very simply a low interest rate environment, but much of the industry is going to be challenged and will revert to shedding assets. We not only have the reference capital to do sizeable transactions, but we've also shown with both VOYA and with the recent Jackson, that we can do highly complex deals that provide holistic solutions to sellers. So, I think one, its in our favor that there should be real supply as long as there are going to be low interest rates, which I think we all agree and certainly in the near to medium term outlook; and two, that there's really nobody out there that has both, the combination of capital and ability to deal with complexity and come up with holistic solutions and the 100 to 150 people that we have incredible depth of management in this specific area. So, I think, this all augers very positively for us in the years to come.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you very much for taking the questions. And Marc, best of luck in your short stay over. Question for maybe Martin just on the $1 billion. I wonder if you could just maybe fill that back a little bit and help us understand, which portfolios are affected by that. And then, just relatively, and I apologize for igniting this question. In your supplements you mentioned that only 18 of the $47 billion of dry powder has a potential or management fees. I wondered if you could just expand on that a little bit. Thank you.
Martin Kelly: Yes. Sure, Bill. So, the $1 billion is specific to Fund VIII and it's also contained to the -- we provided a statistic last call, last quarter that approximately 5% of Fund VIII was on a watch list. These impairments relate exclusively to that. And it also includes an impairment that we referenced two quarters ago on our Q4 call. So, combined, the impact of all the impairments or a delay in carry distributions of about $0.25 a share. And as I said in my comments, it's partly energy, and it's partly one or two other names that have just been severely affected by the pandemic. And then, as far as your second question, when we raise capital, we either -- manage fees as it's committed, which is typical for most drawdown funds, including Fund VIII, Fund IX, or we earn management fees as we deploy the capital. And so, the $18 billion that you reference is capital thats been committed to us but the one that management fees until its invested and that's more specific to the credit business. The remainder of the dry powder has been committed and is earning management fees and is typically in drawdown funds, fund line being the most prominent example of it.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: Hi. Thanks very much. One quickie follow-up after all your comments on fee and insurances. Just curious, in your view, rates have been low for a while, spreads have been tight for a while. What is it that gets insurance company to pull the trigger? I know there's a lot of conversations out there. And then, how important are your proprietary origination platforms for them to choose Apollo over the others in the space?
Leon Black: Well, ultimately they're -- I think, ultimately, it's idiosyncratic in each insurance company, transaction is highly customized. And so, there's not really a one size fits all answer to that, relative to kind of what -- the factors that have been laid out previously or what's sort of driving, the insurance company decision. I think, our ability to invest the -- our ability, both to create this customized bespoke deal situations and transactions that are highly engineered as well as our asset management capability, our ability to earn extra yield, I mean, we continue to earn -- and we continue to target and earn 50 basis points extra, and that extra juice on the asset management side also provides unique secret sauce that allows us to advise. So, its both, our ability to originate very idiosyncratic deals and it's the asset management capability that we have.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: Hi. Good morning. First, I'm pretty impressed. You guys know each other so well that Martin can finish Josh's sentences and presentations without even pausing.
Josh Harris: Technology doesn't always work. I apologize.
Ken Worthington: So, maybe just on the outlook for the pace of deployment. First, maybe what kind of economic recovery do you see? Are we in a U or an L or maybe pick the letter that best describes what you think. And then, on the last call, you guys described three phases of deployment with bespoke capital solutions being sort of in the second phase. Do you see it being sort of early days or later days with regard to bespoke solution opportunities? And ultimately, do you see the -- or what do you see as the outlook for deployment as we look forward relative to 2Q levels? Is it going to pick up, does it slow down or does it generally stay the same?
Leon Black: Well, let's the break the business into private equity and opportunistic and credit. I think, on an overall basis, the economy is behind -- the fundamentals of the economy are behind the technicals of the economy. The big run up in the market is driven by a very significant fiscal and monetary stimulus. And the S&P 500 earnings outlook continues to be surprisingly that 21 earnings are going to be ahead of 19 earnings. Like, we don't -- when we look at the underlying economy and try to compare that to the forecast of the S&P earnings, like, we don't see it. And therefore, we think there's just going to be volatility as the market absorbs earnings that are coming in a little softer than maybe they would have expected as well as obviously you have significant volatility around COVID, around the political environment here in the U.S. and so, and then the U.S.-China relationship. Those four factors are going to lead to just volatility. And so, we expect that we're going to have opportunities across our platform. As it relates to discreet pipeline, private equity pipeline is actually picking up. And so, even though the markets are -- look to be priced at a premium, when you bifurcate the markets, the bottom 25% of the S&P trades as 10, the top 25% trades above 30. And so, there continues to be value-oriented opportunities and sweet spot. And so, private equity, for the first time, we are looking at -- other than Tech Data, which we announced, most of what we've done -- all of what we've done has been in debt in our private equity businesses. And I think, we're seeing that change a bit as our pipeline is building and more traditional private equity. On the credit side, we're seeing a very robust flow of opportunities in terms of both, bespoke capital solutions that you mentioned where companies are uniquely impacted by COVID and need capital, either to overcome leverage issues or to grow as well -- both in the investment grade space and in the non-investment grade space. And so, private capital, the public markets continue to be hospitable for some of the larger companies. But, in many cases the sort of private capital sector that we operate in and is continuing to step in and be able to do transactions. And so, we see our pipeline across everything really being very robust.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: Hey. Good morning. Thanks. Quick follow-up on Bill's question, just to make sure we've got the understanding right. So, the $0.25 needed to still I guess the netting holding, that would just be realized cash carry, $0.25 of really cash carry than anything beyond that would flow through DE?
Martin Kelly: Yes. That's right, Patrick. It's a timing in fact. So, the next set of realizations that are required to fill or cover that impairment are devoted exclusively to the LPs and thereafter it would then flow back into DE and the distribution. And so, everything else being unchanged, it pays down LP capital more quickly and then creates more carry after that to the fund.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess, maybe sticking with the insurance theme, just curious with Athora specifically. So, what is the opportunity there for redeployment of VIVAT assets? If I think historically, Leon has represented this way with Athene on a new block business and [indiscernible] roughly about 20% of the investments were made their way to various Apollo managed funds and what not. Is the same opportunity there for Athora, over given the different regulatory rules there, not as much potential to shift the portfolio around?
Leon Black: Gary, why dont you take this one?
Gary Parr: I can do a part of it and then hand off to Martin. A few things. As you know, our arrangement with Athora is that we have a standard fee, our base fee, where we provide a variety of services to Athora and all the parts of Athora authority for asset liability management, risk management, mergers and acquisitions and so on. So, that base fee is in place. As it relates to the rest of Athora and the various parts of Athora, we sub-advise on various asset classes where we have expertise. And a big headline, of course, is that in Europe, roughly 50% of an insurers balance sheet is going to be sovereigns, governments. And that's just a part of managing asset liability and Solvency II. So that's not something that we do or apply. So, by definition, there's a smaller pool of the total of assets, but that's exactly then what we can provide our expertise. And over time, assets -- in those segments of expertise we have, touch wood, VIVAT will be and Athora generally, will be looking to us to provide. Maybe Martin, I know you, as to how we communicated certain numbers...
Martin Kelly: Yes. I mean, next 12 to 24 months, we would expect that the -- to be redeploying Athoras assets into higher yielding assets and Apollo will be sub-advising more of those assets. We haven't really set specifically or put a target our there specifically, but what we've ultimately said is that the economics, there are lots of nuances and differences between Athene and Athora. And what we've ultimately said is that the economics on the AUM of Athora to Apollo should be similar to Athene. And weve left ourselves 24 months or so to get there.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Good morning. Just a question here on the outlook for realizations, and appreciating the capital markets have reopened, I think, which has been a positive. But really trying to get a sense of whether you feel like there's going to be an ability to sell assets through M&A. I guess, I'm curious if virtual processes are starting, an ability to do that. And whether there's any kind of efficiencies that are being learned today that may last beyond the pandemic? Obviously, everyone's using technology quite a bit more. So, I'm curious, kind of how that connects as well. And then, just anything more you can say about kind of the realization outlook would be appreciated.
Leon Black: Yes. I mean, the realization outlook is just difficult to predict. And I think that we hesitate, given all the volatility to predict, how that's going to go right now. I would say that it's more difficult. But, things are changing on a daily basis. And, I do -- I think that certainly in terms of transactions, people are getting used to doing diligence by Zoom, virtual data rooms, virtual management meetings. I actually experienced one myself. And then, ultimately, the face to face interaction that you need when you're partnering with the team, that gets more limited, but it has to be done carefully. So, the M&A markets, we'll work around the pandemic. But, I think that it's not -- I would say it's not -- it's certainly -- it makes it a little bit more cumbersome, but it's manageable. So, I think we continue to focus on -- so, well hesitate from predicting realizations. I think that we continue to look for opportunities and we do have some public companies that are enabled to kind of take advantage of the public markets. But by and large, we're focused right now on growing and continue to deliver very significant and durable FRE, and high margins, and continue to grow FRE stream, which is much more predictable. And I think, when you think of cycle, our realizations would be there. We're building value on our portfolio.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Gerry O'Hara with Jefferies.
Gerry O'Hara: Great. Thanks for taking my question this morning, perhaps one on the strategic origination business. And if you could maybe add a little context or color on the opportunity set, what Apollos competitive advantage is there and perhaps even how you see that platform scaling going forward? Thank you.
Leon Black: Yes. So, our Companys advantage has been, obviously we have the largest alternative credit business in the world. And, we have hundreds of investors and originators and originators, and we have a really significant capital base. And so, what that allows us to do is commit $1 billion to upto $2 billion of capital to sort of larger companies, in the $1 billion to $5 billion TV that need capital solutions very quickly, very bespoke way. And I think that we -- because of our -- the size of our platform and the size of our capital base really puts us in a very unique position in today's markets where the need for capital is quite large. And so, I don't think, there's very many people that can -- that have those advantages. And so, we're in a very small group. And so, it's going to be a really interesting capability that not a lot of other people have.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: Great. Can you guys maybe give us an update on trends you're seeing in your underlying portfolio? I know, in the past, I think you talked about 5% of the portfolio on watch. Has that changed at all since last quarter?
Leon Black: Yes. At this point, its about 3%. And I think that right now, we've -- obviously, as we mentioned in the last call, we definitely took a hit in energy. And then, we've had one or two other situations that have been -- are in COVID affected industries, certainly restaurants being front and centre. And those have all been marked down and therefore -- or marked to zero. And that's part of what Martin is talking about, or pretty much all of what Martin's talking about on the $0.26. So, going forward, we don't see a lot of issues. I mean, obviously -- and works and sort of -- so we expect the portfolio to improve from here, subject to -- and head in a very positive direction, subject to obviously, kind of an economic downturn that goes the other way, which we don't really forecast right now. So, we think kind of a lot of our issues are behind us, and we're going to build value from here.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Hey. Good morning, thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to follow up a little bit on the strategic origination platform. I was just hoping maybe you could elaborate a little bit more on your aspirations there longer term, and maybe talk about how you're approaching planning to originate in this larger part of the marketplace. Maybe what are you building out in terms of headcount? And I know a lot of the private credit space has been more sponsor financed. It sounds like this is maybe a little bit less so. Maybe just talk a little bit about the hurdles in terms of moving beyond sponsor finance? How you're approaching that?
Leon Black: Yes. I mean, I think, like basically we're building out -- we have a significant origination at midcap that's in the lower middle market. And then, we're making significant hires in the middle and upper market. And this all relates to the sort of withdraw or sort of the pullback of the banks from being willing to make significant underwriting and capital commitment. And we set up a situation where we have both client balance sheets that are able to hold as well as a vehicle that allows us to underwrite and then sell. And so, we're building up kind of a whole team, to do that. And we've already made a series of hires and expect that team to be in excess of 20 to just be out calling on companies and on sponsors. It's really that simple. And then, we're building up a capital markets effort. We're adding to our broker dealer and our capital markets effort to be able to kind of syndicate a little bit where we're committing to a little more than we ultimately want to own for our clients. And so, the ability to underwrite and sort of quickly underwrite up to $2 billion loan is something that is going to be unique or amongst a very small group of people. And so, we expect that to be highly needed in the marketplace. And so, we're hiring on both fronts, capital markets and origination. And ultimately, we expect there to be a lot of action there. And, I mean, it's no different. I mean, you literally are just calling on companies and calling on sponsors and it's a lot of the same skill sets. We have -- and across our platform because we're integrated, we have hundreds of professionals in private equity and credit that are -- now have just greater tools in their toolkits. So, because of the integration across our firm, private equity credit, real estate, this just -- we now have a lot more capability, private equity, a team member that might be calling on a company now knows, well, maybe you don't want to go private, maybe you don't want to sell your company, but we've got this other opportunity to offer you. And so, increasingly, under the leadership of Scott and Jim, we're seeing the whole firm, all 500 of our investment professionals, taking part in this. And so, we are building up unique people to do this, but it's across our platform. And our integrated platform is very different than how other people run their businesses.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Jeremy Campbell with Barclays.
Jeremy Campbell: Just maybe one on the insurance landscape. Obviously, given all your peers have jumped into the market relatively recently, over the past year or so, and your relationship with Athene, the capital [indiscernible] a little bit differentiated. Just kind of wondering, does this competitive market kind of relegate you and the partners to more kind of big game hunting here in insurance world as maybe the smaller deals get a little bit aggressively bid, given the competition? And then, if so, maybe just from the insurance executive side, what are some of the hurdles that you guys see to these executives doing a big deal like that?
Leon Black: So, it's big deals and it's also like our ability to navigate complexity and structure, bespoke solutions to tackle, big insurance portfolios that might not be discreetly fixed annuity or discreetly variable annuity. And so, it's broad set of -- our broad set of capabilities, and then, it's our asset management capability. So it's all three of those things that make us unique. But, Gary, do you want to add to that.
Gary Parr: Just briefly to say that we view our breadth of expertise and our size as indeed one of our big competitive advantage. We have six segments of expertise, U.S. spread business, European spread, variable capability, life settlements and structure settlements as in fund FCI and we have property casualty runoff and then P&C flow. With all those skills, we can then go to larger companies and talk about solutions. So, your question somewhat relates to, I think Glenn asked it earlier about comparative advantages in these transactions? Are there common themes? And if you take the three U.S. transactions, [indiscernible] Jackson, a common theme was that these companies were looking for a solution to something. They actually weren't selling something per se, their business wasn't for sale, per se, but they were trying to solve for different strategic directions. And that's where we go in with our expertise and capital, and we work with them. So, the CEO dialogue actually, if you would enjoy being in the room to hear the dialogue, because the CEO is talking about what they're trying to accomplish in their company, Prudential being the most recent in our conversations with Mike Wells, which were delightful and productive, but us trying to figure out win-win-win solutions. And by that we mean that -- in that instance Prudential, Athene, and Apollo stocks all outperformed their respective peers on the announcement of a transaction. The same happened in Voya, one of you all actually wrote about that. So, that's what prompts a CEO to want to engage is -- and now we actually have a track record. So, relative to our competition, we've now established this singular track record of creating value for multiple parties involved in a transaction. That's a competitive advantage that we will continue to in these substantive conversations we're having today. That's the kind of conversation we have.
Leon Black: We have more permanent capital than anyone other than Berkshire Hathaway. And the truth of the matter is, we're so deep and so well-known in the insurance space, and our regulatory relationships are positive that all of these things create a franchise for us that is unparalleled. And, we're tracking -- the ability to track talent is probably positively impacted by that.
Operator: [Technical Difficulty] Kotowski with Oppenheimer & Co.
Chris Kotowski: Yes. Good morning. Thanks. Josh, you were talking about the disconnect between the real economy and the market. I was just looking at the statistics which has the leveraged loans, default rates at around 3.9% in the almost all in energy resources at retail. If you had to guess six to nine months from now, where would that be? And, what is both the risk to existing investments and the opportunities to deploy against that?
Josh Harris: Yes. So, I mean, obviously the answer to that's going to depend on ultimately the liquidity that's provided by the Federal Reserve that's indicated that it's all in and the economy, the recovery of the economy. I think, we expect that it'll go up from here. And I think that that well kind of open up a series of opportunities for us. And so, do we get to double digit? We could, for a year, for some period of time. I think that that will open distinctive opportunities for us. As to kind of like our portfolio, we're pretty much all first lien and top of the capital structure. We've been very oriented towards the safest, most high quality secure debt across our platform. And that did not serve us well as well in a risk on environment. But, it serves as a very well in an environment like the one you're describing. And so, we expect that our portfolio would be quite robust in that scenario and that our opportunities, I think, it would open up a lot. And so, certainly we're not -- for the world, obviously, we're not -- we hope that we're wrong and that the economy does as well as the stock market thinks it'll do. But, we're not planning for that in terms of how we invest. And so, therefore, we think we would be pretty robust in that situation. I think, capital would also find us.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Adam Beatty with UBS. 
Adam Beatty: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I just want to follow up on the existing portfolio companies, more so from the deployment angle. How much of the -- I wanted to get a sense of how much of the deployment so far this year has been with companies that you already owned and kind of the outlook on that. And also, if you could, the mix within that deployment of kind of offense versus defense, depending on the specific company circumstances? Thank you.
Martin Kelly: Yes. So, that's a zero or negligible. So very little, I mean, there may have been something that went into the existing portfolio. So, I want to say very little has gone into the existing portfolio and nearly a 100% has been on offense. So, when we talk about the 3%, we're not -- we haven't had to deploy into existing situations across the company.
Operator: With that, I will now hand the conference back over to Gary Stein for closing remarks. 
Gary Stein: Great. Thanks operator. Thanks everyone for joining us. If you have any questions, please feel free to follow up with us, and the team looks forward to catching up with you again next quarter.
Operator: This does conclude todays conference call. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Apollo Global Management's first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. During today's presentation, all callers will be placed in a listen-only mode and following management's prepared remarks, the conference call will be open for questions. This conference call is being recorded. This call may include forward-looking statements and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to Apollo's most recent SEC filings, including the 8-K Apollo filed this morning, for risk factors related to these statements. Apollo will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, which management believes are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in Apollo's earnings presentation, which is available on the company's website. Also, note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in Apollo fund. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Investor Relations.
Gary Stein: Great. Thanks operator. Good morning and welcome everyone to our first quarter 2020 earnings call. We hope you and your families are staying safe in these challenging times. Joining me this morning are Leon Black, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director and Martin Kelly, Chief Financial Officer and Co-Chief Operating Officer. Our Co-President, Jim Zelter, is also on the line and will be available during the Q&A session. Earlier this morning, we reported distributable earnings of $0.37 per common share, pretax fee-related earnings of $0.52 per share and a cash dividend of $0.42 per share for the first quarter. With that, I will turn the call over to Leon Black.
Leon Black: Good morning. Thanks Gary and thank you all for joining us. I would like to focus my comments this morning on the unprecedented circumstances we are collectively facing in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. What began as a virus has become a global health and economic crisis of enormous proportions and we, first and foremost, like to extend our thanks to all of the healthcare professionals and frontline workers for their extraordinary dedication through these difficult times. I would also like to thank our Apollo employees for their continued hard work and commitment to the firm over the past couple of months. The enduring strength of our business is a testament to all of their individual contributions. On behalf of the management team, we extend our appreciation. As the crisis began to unfold a couple of months ago, our first order of business was to ensure the safety, health and wellness of our employees and their families and we continue to monitor their wellbeing provide ongoing support. We then quickly turned our attention to preserving business continuity across the firm. Apollo has rapidly adjusted to working remotely further embracing technology to ensure a relatively seamless transition to work from home environment across the firm's 15 offices around the world. Additionally, over the past couple of months, we have spent a great deal of time with the portfolio companies in the various funds we manage. In early March, we created a portfolio crisis response team, which has been meeting daily and remains in constant communication with the management of our funds portfolio companies ensuring best practices are shared across areas such as healthcare, business operations and capital management. With respect to the SBA's Paycheck Protection Program or PPP, none of the companies controlled by Apollo or the funds we manage will be utilizing this program. Similarly, although we are still reviewing the guidance recently announced by the Federal Reserve, we do not anticipate that the Main Street Lending Program will provide any relief or financial assistance to companies controlled by us or our funds. We have been able to leverage the knowledge across the Apollo platform to provide advice and support to these businesses. As Josh will discuss in greater detail shortly, the investment portfolios remain in good shape due to our consistent focus on value pricing discipline, conservative underwriting and use of the less leveraged than the industry. In considering the tremendous pressure that COVID has placed on our society as we unite to fight this pandemic, we have also placed an emphasis on identifying how we can support and empower the communities around us. Between Apollo and current portfolio companies, our shared efforts amount to over $50 million in relief effort contributions globally to-date. Various portfolio companies have also stepped up to provide aid in other ways. As an example, Diamond Resorts is providing free lodging to healthcare workers and first responders while LifePoint as partnered with authorities to set up a temporary hospital and has participated in drive-by COVID testing events. McGraw-Hill Education is offering free access to online Higher Ed coursework and training professors and students to transition to digital learning platform. And Shutterfly and Amissima, among others, secured, funded and donated items such as masks, ventilators and hospital supplies. These are just a handful example out of many and I could not be more proud of our employees and those in our funds' portfolio companies who have assisted and championed these efforts. Amid these challenging circumstances, we have been able to demonstrate the resiliency of the Apollo model. Now more than ever, Apollo is well-positioned to preserve and drive exceptional value to our investors, which include pension funds representing teachers, firefighters, police officers and government workers, among many others, some of which are on the front lines of the pandemic. We take our fiduciary responsibility to them extremely seriously. Core to Apollo's investment philosophy is our ability to both preserve capital and create value for our investors across cycles, especially during economic uncertainty. Apollo founders have been through five cycles over the past 30 years and each downturn presents unique opportunities as we navigate the dislocation and identify misprice risk. Our platform is resilient. Our FRE is durable and growing and we are playing offense utilizing our decades of experience in times of dislocation. In fact, one of the hallmarks of the Apollo brand has been to perform at extraordinary levels in times of market and economic volatility. Our investments have been positioned defensively and our funds portfolio companies remain in good shape. Offensively, we have been investing opportunistically and during the quarter, gross purchases were $40 billion across the platform with another approximate $10 billion in April. We have successfully created value through prior market dislocations by playing both defense and offense. And as Josh will described in greater detail shortly, we expect to continue to do so through the challenging economic environment we see ahead. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Josh to provide an overview of our business operations for the first quarter.
Josh Harris: Thanks Leon. First, I would like to express my heartfelt wishes to everyone listening at this time to you and the families healthy and safe. For the last few months, we have seen our global workforce come together seamlessly, as Leon mentioned, ensure that our people and portfolio companies are supported through a rapidly changing environment. I am incredibly impressed with the way everyone has risen to the occasion. Thank you to all of our employees. You have done a great job. Turning to the business. I am going to spend some time discussing how we reacted to the significant market volatility that began in late February. But first, let's discuss several critical objectives that we have been accomplishing. Apollo's growth remains a continued focus of management and notwithstanding the difficult first quarter mark-to-market adjustments, we still feel highly confident that we will grow fee related revenues, FRE and AUM in 2020. Notably, as we presented in Investor Day last fall, we believe that FRE and stable FRE margins have durability that are stable, FRE and FRE margins have durability in adverse market environments. Certainly, 2020 is probing us out. Our robust FRE is supported by locked-up and long-duration assets, as over 90% of our AUM is in permanent capital vehicles or have a contractual life of five years or more from inception. In April, Athora closed on the acquisition of VIVAT, adding an incremental $45 billion of assets under management and bringing pro forma assets under management at March 31 to $360 billion. In addition, during Investor Day, we announced that minimum dividend of $0.40 per quarter, which we exceeded this quarter and expect to continue to meet or exceed in subsequent quarters, supported solely by a highly durable FRE base. Lastly on performance fees. These will be realized over a cycle. While we can't predict timing, we are still very confident in the quality of our investment portfolios and returns that they will generate over time. That said, due to the market environment, the portfolio has experienced unrealized mark-to-market volatility during the quarter, which Martin will discuss a bit later. However these portfolios remain in good shape and we don't expect much in the way of impairments over time. While a near term delay in realized performance fees is to be expected as a result of the volatility, we still believe that there will be significant performance fees generated over time. In the meantime, FRE will continue to underpin cash generation and drive our dividend. Given our value orientation heading into this market dislocation, our portfolios were invested in a defensive manner with the expectation of an economic downturn following a decade long bull market. For example, Private Equity Fund VIII portfolio companies were acquired at a 6.5 times enterprise to EBITDA multiple on average, excluding any cost savings and they had only 3.6 times debt to EBITDA or leverage on average, well below industry levels. We invested with an emphasis on durable business model with strong free cash flow and despite the challenging economic environment, we remain confident that Fund VIII will perform well over time. We recently created a watch list that includes companies in stressed situations. As of March 31, these companies represented less than 5% of the current value of Fund VIII. We continue to work with these companies to support their operations and preserve value. Looking back to the last crisis provides some context. At their lowest point, Fund VI and Fund VII are 2006 and 2009 vintage funds, were marked at 0.6 times and 0.5 times at the multiple of net committed capital, respectively at their low points which reflected sharply negative but temporary, I underscore temporary, unrealized marks on existing investments and also created a market environment in which we were able to deploy a lot of new capital at very attractive rates of return. Through March 31, 2020, on that same basis, we have achieved multiples on both of those funds of greater than two times. As of the end of the first quarter, Fund VIII was marked at 1.3 times multiple despite the negative unrealized mark-to-market adjustments in the first quarter. As we previously discussed, with respect to credit, as the credit cycle was aging, we have positioned the portfolio towards higher-quality senior secured credit. We had also proactively decreased our exposure to energy and retail. These allocation decisions were particularly beneficial during the first quarter as our credit business meaningfully outperformed the broader credit indices, down 9% in aggregate compared to negative 13% performance for the S&P Leveraged Loan Index and the Bank of America Merrill Lynch High-Yield Index. Of note, credit strategies are multibillion-dollar credit hedge funds was up nearly 10% year-to-date through Wednesday. Deployment. Since the portfolios we manage will defensively positioned, we were able to quickly pivot to offense in the first quarter. During the quarter, we were extremely active and as Leon mentioned, we had gross purchases of approximately $40 billion or roughly double that of a typical quarter, with the majority in March. This is a testament to the strength of our global integrated platform and our broad investment expertise across markets and capital structures. Roughly two-thirds of these gross purchases were concentrated in performing credit mandates with the remaining one-third in opportunistic vehicles. Both of those strategies providing liquidity to the broader markets and certain individual companies. We remained very active in April with approximately $10 billion of gross purchases, aggregating roughly $50 billion of purchases over the last four months. And we continue to monitor a very, very strong pipeline of opportunities across private equity, credit and real assets as the market environment continues to evolve. Our deployment activity during the quarter was indicative of the market backdrop as the Fed moved quickly to enact various monetary and the fiscal authority stimulus programs to support market liquidity and functionality. Markets stabilized across the board. In our view, some portions of the market moved above fundamental value. As pricing in high-grade credit markets recovered, we reduced exposure locking in substantial gains for our clients and are currently repositioning that capital into more idiosyncratic opportunities to capture very attractive risk return opportunities for our clients. In general, while we believe that the broad markets are ahead of fundamentals, there are still a large number of companies that are over levered and in need of restructuring or additional capital, notwithstanding the supportive efforts of the government. With the world's largest alternative credit platform, Apollo is uniquely positioned at the intersection of investors seeking yield and companies looking to borrow funds. We are now increasingly focused on dislocation, direct origination and providing capital solutions for franchised assets. For example, in the last week we announced two capital solutions transactions for our Hybrid Value Fund, including a $1.2 billion preferred equity financing led by Apollo for Expedia, a leading travel platform and a $300 million secured note for Cimpress, a leading global e-commerce provider of customized print, signage, merchandise and other marketing products. These investments highlight what we believe is a true advantage of Apollo's integrated platform combining origination, capital markets and deep industry expertise across the firm to deliver attractive risk return opportunities to investors during volatile times. Fundraising. Moving to fundraising. Apollo's investment capabilities during challenging market conditions is well recognized by our global investor base. To address pockets of market dislocation, we are increasing the target size for certain funds, accelerating the timeline for other fundraisers and launching new strategies. $2 billion dollars of fund raising across several strategies targeting dislocation, origination and capital solutions. The number of incoming calls we are receiving from investors is increasing rapidly. As an example, in the last month, our third Accord fund, which focuses primarily on dislocated corporate credit, called capital and became fully invested within seven business days and we swiftly launched and have already closed on a new $1.5 billion dollars for Accord III B. We expect fundraising for Accord IV will follow shortly. In addition, our Hybrid Value franchise has been highly active in providing capital for great businesses. And we expect to launch Hybrid Value Fund II later this year. Finally, we remain in the market for real assets related to strategies such as infrastructure equity and U.S. and Asian real estate, all of which are seeing attractive opportunities emerge in distressed, stressed and capital solutions. To conclude, since our founding 30 years ago, Apollo has built its reputation on navigating all market environments, but particularly challenging ones. It's very successful on the half of its investors. While our first priority has been and continues to be the wellbeing of the Apollo community and the world at large, we also remain keenly focused on delivering attractive risk return opportunities for our investors and on delivering earnings growth and attractive dividends for our shareholders. With that, I will hand the call over to Martin to cover some of the financial highlights of the quarter in greater detail. Thank you.
Martin Kelly: Great. Thanks Josh. As Leon and Josh mentioned, we have seen a tremendous response from all of our employees through this challenging environment. We quickly moved towards a fully remote work construct to ensure the health and safety of all our employees leaning heavily on our technology platform and robust operational processes. We have been very pleased with the seamless transition of our workforce to this new model of working from home, which coincided with one of the most active investing environments that Apollo has ever seen. We announced a dividend of $0.42 per share for the quarter, which is fully supported by our after-tax FRE. During the first quarter, we generated fee related earnings of $0.52 per share on a pretax basis. As Josh mentioned, this quarter underscored the strength and stability of our fee related revenues. Management fees declined by just $5 million or 1.4% during the quarter as realization activity in private equity lowered the fee paying AUM base. The modest impact to management fees resulting from credit and real asset mark-to-market adjustments was offset by capital deployment. The run rate impact on management fees of the widening and credit spreads in March is consistent with the impact we outlined at our Investor Day in November. Costs remain well-controlled, which in conjunction with durable management fees, helped support our FRE margin of 54%, in line with the prior quarter. Notably, over the last 12 months, FRE totaled $2.21 on a per share basis and grew by 8.5% on a dollar basis, driven by 10.6% growth in management fees. Turning to the incentive business. Notwithstanding the $68 million of gross realized performance fees, our pretax incentive earnings were negative for the quarter. In addition to the traditional costs associated with direct profit share interests in realized carry and financing costs associated with that debt and preferred securities, we incurred one-time costs to wind down our managed account arrangement and we funded our incentive pool with a portion of the realized performance fees. AUM declined by 5% quarter-over-quarter to $316 billion, a result of unrealized mark-to-market adjustments on our portfolio, offset in part by fundraising. The impact to fee generating AUM during the quarter was more modest, a 2% decline to $242 billion, as our management fee base is largely insulated from unrealized mark-to-market movements. Having said this, on April 1, Athora closed on the acquisition of VIVAT, adding an incremental $45 billion of assets under management for the second quarter and bringing pro forma AUM at March 31 to approximately $360 billion. Of this, permanent capital vehicles amount to more than $200 billion or 57% of our total pro forma AUM. During the quarter, organic inflows continued to be healthy and in line with previous years at $7 billion, particularly in a quarter without an opportunistic flagship fundraise or a strategic platform acquisition. Flows included capital raised by Athora to fund its acquisition of VIVAT, organic growth at Athene and positive flows across a number of credit funds and managed accounts. Gross redemptions, which was 0.1% of beginning of. AUM, reflecting the largely long-dated nature of our funds' capital. These redemptions were more than offset by inflows into those same strategies. Turning to investment performance for the quarter. In private equity, price declines of 21.6% were in line with declines in the broad equity markets. Our energy exposure in private equity remains modest at just 4% of invested assets. In credit and real assets, our overall returns of minus 9% and minus 6.5% outperformed their respective market indices as a result of sector allocation decisions and careful security selection. Our balance sheet was impacted by unrealized negative marks in two respects in the quarter. First, we continue to market our investment in Athene to market, including the additional shares accumulated during the quarter under the equity swap transaction between Apollo and Athene. Since these shares are subject to sale restriction for three years, we take a further discount to the quoted market price to reflect this lock-up. The aggregate impact on our balance sheet of these components was approximately $3 per share. Second, price declines in our investment portfolios reduced our net carry receivable and created a mark-to-market obligation to return carry of $1.31 per share. Ultimately, we believe this obligation is temporary and will not be realized as we remain confident in Fund VIII and more broadly our platform's ability to generate meaningful realized returns over time. Fund VIII would require an approximate 11% appreciation in value from March 31 to remove this obligation, approximately equal to changes in the broad equity markets in April. Before I conclude my prepared remarks, I would like to make a few comments regarding liquidity across the firm and our expectations for index inclusion. Apollo remains in a very strong liquidity position with approximately $1.5 billion of liquidity available on our balance sheet. In addition, our dry powder position was robust at the end of the quarter at $41 billion. And as Josh discussed, we see opportunities to raise incremental capital for numerous strategies. Finally, as it relates to index inclusion, we have amended the company's charter and bylaws to reflect the change in the voting rights of our Class A shareholders. We believe these changes should make us eligible for inclusion in the Russell indices as part of their upcoming June rebalance. With that, we will now turn the call back to the operator and open the line for any of your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning everyone.
Leon Black: Good morning.
Craig Siegenthaler: First, just starting with the FRE stability. Can you walk us through the sources of potential future FRE downside, if any? And I am thinking about marks on NAV based vehicles, CLO management fees and performance revenues. And just help us think about if there could be any downside from these sources of the next few quarters?
Leon Black: Why don't you --?
Martin Kelly: Sure. It's Martin. Yes, I will take that. Hi Craig. So as I mentioned in the comments, sensitivity that we outlined at the Investor Day to downward marks has sort of proven out to be de minimis number. Probably that's reflected in the Q1 numbers on their part because it could occurred halfway through the quarter. But as I mentioned, deployment and inflows have mitigated that downdraft. So I use the frame of reference and assumptions that you want to make around where the markets go from here to, as I mentioned, what the impact on management fees looks like. But it's entirely consistent with what was laid out. On CLOs, the structure of our CLO vehicles is such that we are not, most of our fees are protected and in base management fees, we don't have a lot of variability to performance fees in the event of the downgrades on CLOs. So I would sort of, as I mentioned, that as low single digit million dollar range for the balance of the year, even assuming there is downgrades ahead of us. And then in terms of performance revenues, it's low right now. And so, I would sort of assume the current run rate is appropriate for the foreseeable future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt of Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: Hi. Good morning. Sorry. Josh, when you were kind of going through the view that you would be raising bigger funds and accelerating funds, your line I think cut out for everyone, right when you gave the number in terms of AUM. Could you go through that again? The AUM number.
Josh Harris: Yes. I think we are looking at lodging strategies that we expect will accumulate $20 billion over the next quarter. And well, I think the other thing I was saying is that and I was talking about them being broadly across many, many credit strategies, everything from capital solutions, hybrid value to market dislocation strategies such as Accord to stressed and distressed strategies. And so that's what I had said. And a number of other origination strategies. And even though, obviously, the Fed has stabilized the markets and broadly the markets, I think what I said were maybe ahead of fundamentals. So there is a lot of opportunities in a lot of great companies that need capital. And so we are there across the board with the broadest alternative credit platform.
Patrick Davitt: You cut out just on the number. And the number was $20 billion.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Thanks. Hi. Good morning everybody. So I wanted to ask you guys on the interplay between deployment and fundraising in today's cycle relative to the financial crisis. I am really thinking about what's the same, what's different, where do you see a big opportunity perhaps today for deployment versus the financial crisis? And then zoning in specifically for Fund IX, I think that Fund is over third committed or deployed. What are your expectations specifically for Fund IX deployment over the next, call it, 12 to 18 months at which point maybe we will starting think about the successor fund? Thanks.
Josh Harris: Yes. So, we have seen, let's start with the last part of it, like Fund IX has obviously shifted almost entirely into credit kind of distressed for control, stressed investing and we have seen the pace of that fund go up significantly in the last month-and-a-half. And that's continuing into April. And so we would expect acceleration of the pace of Fund IX and we would expect a shift from traditional private equity to a more distressed for control private equity as we allow for our investors to achieve greater risk return in this market environment. In terms of the investors, the investors actually, from our point of view and I think this makes us unique, I was just on the phone with our private equity team right before this and we are getting a tremendous amount of, most people are playing defense and we are getting a tremendous amount of incoming from our investors who have identified us as being uniquely positioned in this environment to take advantage of risk return that exists in the marketplace. And so we are getting a lot of incoming. And unlike the financial crisis where people were generally focused on everyone in the industry, I will talk industry-wide, not calling capital. At least in our case, we are not seeing that at all and maybe with the learning of the financial crisis. But we are seeing people actually calling us up and saying, what new funds are you thinking about? Do you have any co-invest opportunities? In terms of the evolution of our platform and the industry from the financial crisis, I would say on the industry side, the financial crisis was just a massive market dislocation and a breakdown in the markets and then followed by a recession. But there were many, many securities were broad markets were mispriced because of a lack of liquidity in the markets. In this particular crisis, with the appropriate actions of the Federal Reserve and the government, there's a lot of liquidity in the marketplace. But the economic destruction that's occurring because of the unfortunate virus is likely to lead to a longer economic cycle, more of an L than a V. And so there are many, many companies and many, many situations where the leverage isn't appropriate or they need capital. And so we are seeing much more idiosyncratic opportunities to invest on a security-by-security, company-by-company, asset-by-asset basis. And that exists, probably it's going to require patience and take some time and very, very deep detailed and deep industry and company and asset expertise. Jim, do you want to add anything?
Jim Zelter: No. I think I would just add, the evolution of the markets and capital markets and the role we play is just broader and broader. And as Josh mentioned earlier, our fundraising is going to be on dislocation strategies, capital solutions and distressed. He hit the distressed. But certainly I would say in terms of, we have been saying for a few years that the biggest risk out there was the market structure and hence the activity that we put forth on our Accord and our other drawdown vehicles in the quarter that were trigger-based. And also, as we think about our large cap origination potential platform and the success of Hybrid Value [indiscernible] through relatively newer strategies that we have developed over the last five to seven years. So we have a lot more tools in our toolbox from which to be a very active participant in the markets today.
Leon Black: Just as we...
Josh Harris: Yes. As I have mentioned, well, go ahead.
Leon Black: Just to underscore what Josh and Jim have just said and give you a little historical perspective. We have now been through four and this is our fifth down cycle in 30 years. And I think one of the unique things about Apollo in basically setting up the firm 30 years ago as "a firm of fund for all seasons" is able to play cycles whether they are going up, down or level. And if you put in perspective, right after the market dislocation 13 years ago, was our Fund VII in private equity. That fund was two-thirds invested in distress. Fund VIII subsequently was less than 5% distressed. So that is the bandwidth vis--vis distress for control that can come out of the private equity funds. And as Josh has said, our expectation is that over the next two years, there are going to be a lot more distressed opportunities. But also to echo what Jim said, we are a very different firm than we were in the first few market dislocations. And our credit platform, the alternative credit platform, just in the last 13 years has grown from $20 billion to something like $240 billion and private equity is now about a quarter of what the firm does. So both the distressed opportunities in private equity, but even as importantly, if not more importantly, what Jim is saying in terms of the opportunities in the alternative credit platform side, we think are going to be massive given the global economic environment.
Josh Harris: Importantly, 80% of our credit platform is performing. So even though we have always been known as a distressed or stressed from 80% of what we are doing in credit is not that. It's a capital solution that is providing capital to great companies and helping them either deal with a stressful situation or grow.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz of Citigroup.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you very much for taking the questions and all the detailed disclosure. Just sticking with the elevated pace of deployment that you have cited, could you help me understand the waterfall between that incremental pickup and how that might be through fee paying AUM or asset gathering? I am just trying to understand how the economics would then sort of play through to earnings?
Leon Black: Martin, you want to take it?
Martin Kelly: Sure. Yes. Bill, I will take that, sure. So let me just frame a few numbers that might help. So we have used this gross purchases, gross price data this quarter in view of the environment that we are in and also just to demonstrate the scale and the breadth of the platform and how active we have been. I view this as a supplementary disclosure this quarter to our typical deployment, which you can see in the documents, which is around $5 billion for the quarter and that's sort of run rate with what's it been. And that lower number is a narrow definition that's specific to some opportunistic drawdown funds that are the flagships. So of the $40 billion, around a third of that, as Josh mentioned, is in funds that are pursuing higher return targets. Most of that was done after the dislocation started to impact us in mid-February on. And the other two-thirds was in performing vehicles which supports the market through a volatile period. You can see the impact of all the activity in the ending fee-gen AUM. So that's the best I could point to look at. And you can also sort of triangulate that with how dry powder has changed relative to inflows over the quarter. But I would say, the $40 billion represents some repositioning. There's some sales in there. Some of that's on leverage. But it all sort of translates itself into what you can see as the fee base in the AUM tables.
Leon Black: But most of the $40 billion rate or a lot of it would be on behalf of our big insurance clients or in our performing credit vehicles...
Josh Harris: Correct.
Leon Black: Which it would not be in the $5 billion and generally that obviously would not ultimately affect fee paying, fee generating AUM for the most part. So you are going to have to pick up incremental capital in those performing credit vehicles to generate the fee paying AUM. And you are going to have to see asset growth in the insurance entities. But on an underlying basis, we feel like that was enormously productive, enormously. So just because it's not translating into fee generating AUM, it's going to translate into a much stronger performance for all those vehicles relative to peers and therefore ultimately into fundraising, which is where you come back around to the $20 billion number and ultimately the opportunity for our insurance platforms to grow.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr of Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: Thanks very much. Two quick ones, one PE, one insurance. On the PE side, I am going to aggregate a bunch of comments you said. But portfolio strong, low entry, more close, low leverage, reduce energy, reduce retail and you defined less than 5% as stressed. So I am sure, the mark on the quarter obviously was almost 22%. I am curious what you think where the market overreacted to? And then, if you could talk about April improvement because it was good month in the market at Athene and ADT obviously got better. But just curious if you could sum that all together for us
Leon Black: Yes. I mean, our marks are basically a function, our short term marks are a function to a large extent, are driven by like market volatility. And so obviously we have many, many different ways of valuing companies. But certainly, we are a prisoner to how the market looks at things on a very short term basis in the short term relative to unrealized marks going forward. So that's really the sum of it. I mean it's not that the underlying companies are, like I said, I believe our portfolio is in very, very good shape. And the underlying companies themselves, the 5% number is meant to connote how we really feel that we don't really feel like we have a lot of issues. And as we look at and we listen to our investors and try to assess what's going on out there in the world away from us, we think we are in very, very good shape. And we are spending a lot of time, I mean, working on new investments. And obviously, we are not ignoring our portfolio. But the truth of the matter is the marks are for the most part driven by the public markets in a variety of industries and that's not something we can control in the short term. I would say, the 11% that Martin threw out of the S&P rise would get rid of the clawback. And you can look at our public companies. You will see it's ahead of the S&P. And so you get the same reversion on the upside as you do on the downside and that's just unfortunately how the accounting works. But I don't think it's really that consistent in the short run with how the positive nature of how we see our portfolio is doing.
Martin Kelly: Yes. And I would just underscore, we use public comps extensively. Most of our book is comped against public data. And the dispersion in the marks this quarter was really wide depending on what sector, what industry vertical our portfolio companies set in. So a very volatile period. March 31 didn't catch it at the lows, but it was certainly a lot lower than it is today. And so we expect that to translate into ups. Obviously, in our private books when we go through that process at the end of this quarter as it's coming through to publish.
Leon Black: Yes. As of March 31, there's a real lack of differentiation in the stock market. Everything just came down. And things, you are a prisoner to that in terms of how you mark your books. That's how you mark it to a large extent.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Campbell of Barclays.
Jeremy Campbell: Hi. Thanks guys. I just wanted to clarify one thing on that Martin question. Martin, when you said 11% to remove the impairments on Fund VIII, were you talking about quarter-end? And with the S&P up about 11%, we are kind of already there. And then Josh, I know you have mentioned just now that your book, you think, is ahead. So I am just trying to triangulate that to where we might be sitting today on the marks and the impairment level.
Martin Kelly: Yes. So the clawback or the negative carry, if you like, is a mark-to-market concept and it will reverse and eliminate with an uplift in valuations. And so across the whole portfolio, we would need 11%. It so happens that the broad equity markets are also up by the same number as a guide or as a proxy up. And as Josh mentioned, our public positions are up by more. And we will see where the privates end up for the quarter once we go through that process. But 11% is what's needed to take the clawback back to zero and that takes that issue off the table.
Jim Zelter: I would also like to just add something Josh said about the market not differentiating. Look, there have been many roads to Rome in terms of our industry. We have taken a much more conservative road than many of our peers. There is a real difference in playing growth and paying an average of 11 to 12 times EBITDA and levering it seven times versus what we have done in our model which is to buy companies at 6.5 times and lever them at 3.5 times. We just haven't played the same levered growth model as many others in our industry. And when a sharp correction comes like this, you have to be almost into it and obviously you have to look at it on a case-by-case method, which is what we do. But that's why when we look at our portfolio, there's only 5% of the names that we have put on our watch list. That portfolio is in very good shape.
Leon Black: Right. We clearly have a very, on a detailed basis, company-by-company, industry-by-industry, we have a very different view of the valuation of our portfolio over time than the market is currently reflecting as of March 31.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington of JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: Hi. Good morning. A Form 4 hit on Wednesday night on insider selling a bit over $20 million worth of stock. I know this is just a drop in the bucket in terms of management ownership. But can you talk about how the 10b-5 plans work. And since ESG is getting so much more attention these days, how much control insiders have in terms of selling stock in the days immediately preceding an earnings release?
Martin Kelly: Yes. I will comment on that. It was a 10b5-1 that was filed last year and with different price points embedded within the grid. And so it took effect in the last week based on where prices were. So it was all predetermined and submitted some time back.
Josh Harris: Yes. I would just add that the Apollo founders have restricted liquidity, given the notification, information text and other requirements that are put upon them as part of this process. So as Martin said, the sales were actually initiated last November. And then we will put into 10b5-1 which plays out over a long time based on price and volume considerations that are set well in advance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee: Great. Thanks for taking my questions and I hope everyone is doing well. Can you just remind us on the VIVAT, the $45 billion kind of the fee impact, the economic impact? And then also, thinking of it being in Athora, I would certainly expect this environment should create opportunities eventually for them. Can you just remind us on their kind of capacity for transactions over the coming year or so and available capital?
Leon Black: Sure. So Rob, I will take the first one and then Josh, maybe you take the second one. So VIVAT closed into Athora on April 1, $45 billion. So that fee, all of those assets are fee paying from that date. The fee construct for Athora is similar to how it has been with Athene, in the sense that there's a base management fee, which is lower than it was at Athene given the flexibility or the lower flexibility on managing assets in a European regulatory context. And then there's a sub-advisory component to it. And so the sum of the two are important to the overall economics. The sub-advisory will be low and it will grow over time. And so over time, over a period of years, I would expect that the economics will approximate that of Athene on a dollar-to-dollar basis. But the speed at which that occurs is really dependent on how quickly the sub-advisory asset base grows and in what asset classes.
Josh Harris: Yes. But when you go out two or three years, we would expect it to be similar to Athene once it ramps on a profitability per AUM basis. So that maybe at least gives you a flavor. But it's going to take a little while to get there depending on our sub-advisory. So going into your first question. Look, the insurance industry, right, has been a very good area in terms of acquisitions for us and for our platforms. And that's just to remind everyone that's because there's been a lot of regulatory pressure on capital. And so big insurance companies have been selling books of business and kind of rightsizing their own businesses. And there has been a tremendous pressure on people's ability to generate yield. And when I look at this environment and pressure on capital, so when I look at this environment, I think this environment will enhance and magnify all those trends. Athora just closed on VIVAT and it used up all its capital. But I will say that it closed in a really unique position. That entity closed in a really unique position having a pristine balance sheet. And so it's a very well-positioned to create yield. And our investors have been very supportive of providing more capital to the extent opportunities arise and I think there will be more opportunities. I think Athene has been going back to, we were talking a lot about. We raised the ADIP fund to invest side-by-side with Athene. And we were talking about a number of about $70 billion in possible dry powder there. And so, we do see the ability to, we think that the industry pressures are going to magnify and we think that we will have opportunities over time. I think, in a period of volatility like this, usually it takes people some period of time, a quarter or two quarters or however long, to sort out like the volatility and rethink their strategies. And so in the short run, you might see a little slowdown. But like, we do think long run, that's going to continue to be a really good area for our platforms and for us.
Leon Black: And I would just say, Athora raised additional capital in the first quarter, which you can see in the numbers. And so part of that was to complete the funding necessary for VIVAT. But there's still about EUR1 billion of excess capital that has been committed to Athora for other acquisitions over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan of JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Great. Good morning everyone. My question is really about kind of the shifting tides here more broadly in the landscape. It sounds like there's going to be a lot to do across your organization. But in these moments, there can be kind of new structural opportunities that get created, like Athene coming out of the last crisis. And so I am just thinking about maybe what some of those could look like? Real estate has been a difficult area for the firm to scale. But that landscape is shifting. Potentially some distressed opportunities coming out of this moment. And so I am curious kind of where real estate fits today as an opportunity to potentially substantially scale or acquire a platform? And maybe same question on infrastructure or anything else I am not thinking about. But it would just seem that you guys typically are pretty smart in these moments when you have pretty extreme dislocation. And so maybe there are some things that could be bigger structural opportunities.
Leon Black: I will start and I will turn it over to Jim. I mean, I would say broadly across the board whether it be infrastructure, whether it be real estate, I mean, obviously, when the opportunity turns from more of a growth and high valuation growth environment to a more opportunistic credit-driven environment, we tend to scale our platforms, whether it be on yield where we have been doing really well on real estate anyway or even in the more opportunistic funds, we tend to shift the dial from buying equities in a traditional way to doing more so-called distressed for control or stressed. And so across the board, we are going to see opportunities and all of our platforms are going to scale in a positive way relative to kind of the other environment. But Jim, why don't you get into more specifics?
Jim Zelter: Yes. I would say that it's our view that like we saw in 2008, changing evolution, what makes our business interesting is, we can obviously invest in assets and we can also be a rescue or a variety of capital solution for a company. So to your point, there are opportunities for us to play both sides of that. And I would suspect in real estate, we have a large business in the debt side, less from the equity side. So that ability to originate, whether it's broadly more in the triple-net lease space or other areas on real estate, I think you will see us expand. We obviously put our foot in the ground about 24 months ago with the purchase of the infrastructure platform from GE. That's been very well received and the performance has been terrific. So, I think what you are going to see for us strategically expanding now is our robust model tells us that origination in a variety of areas, whether it's credit, real estate, infrastructure, we can continue to expand. And I do think that there are some things, I will give you one little nugget to think about. There certainly is going to be an impact in the CLO market with what's going on with CCC baskets. There's going to be a limitation on CLOs being a solution provider. And therefore, we think about the breadth of the $20 billion that Josh and Leon have talked about, our ability to have vehicles that can fill those cracks and fill those opportunities is really critical to our business. So yes, whenever there's a period like this of dislocation, the sands of origination change, the sands of platforms change and I suspect we will be not only providing solutions for companies and pools of assets, but also holistically which will endure too and order of the benefit of APO as the platform.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning folks. Just a couple of clarifications and then a question for Josh. Just Martin, on the clawback, is that just simply mathematical? If you would reverse that if the returns got above the hurdle or would you use a lower allocation rate and be more conservative against future downturns? And then, just on the timing of the $20 billion fundraising cash, if you could give us the time frame on that? I don't know if I missed that or not. But the broader question, Josh, is on the $40 billion or really $50 billion of gross purchases, taking opportunities in this environment on the performing credit. How would you compare this to the environment in 1Q 2016 where we also had a dislocation albeit it that was quite brief? And so do you see more opportunities in this environment? Or just the Fed credit backstop sort of also make this more of a short-lived performing credit opportunity?
Josh Harris: So I mean on the second one, I think it would be much longer lived because at the end of the day, the economy itself is really, really hurting. And when the Federal Reserve steps in, obviously that creates great market functionality. But what it can't do is, it can't throw, there's a lot of companies that have no revenues. I was looking at the consensus, GDP estimates in the second quarter down 30%. No one knows. But when you add, when you take all the averages, you are talking about down 30%. And then how fast and we don't really see, like I said in some of my other comments, I think this is going to take a while. Consumer behavior is going to change. I don't think as the opening itself will take a while and be very staged, there will be ups and downs to it. And unfortunately, we are going to go through in a difficult economy for a decent longer term period of time. And so ultimately a lot of the leverage that existed in the system is too high for cash flows that don't exist over a medium term. And therefore there's going to have to be a deleveraging of the system where capital is key and providing liquidity is key. So I think it will be a much longer situation than you saw in 2016, which was pretty much of a V and sort of more sentiment-based. In terms of the $20 billion, go ahead. Go ahead, Jim.
Jim Zelter: I am sorry. Go ahead, Josh. Sorry.
Josh Harris: No. In terms of the $20 billion, we said we are going to, we expect it's over the next year is what we said.
Jim Zelter: And I would add one thing. As Josh said, 2016, 2015, 2016 was about oil and Chinese growth. This is much longer lasting. And I think the theme that we have been talking about and addressing in our platform is, yes, the IG market is open. For the best companies, whether it's Boeing yesterday, massive liquidity because of the Fed programs in the IG marketplace. But in the broad economy, the asset-backed-businesses, franchise finance, SME lending, those industries and those funding vehicles are still, I don't want to say they are broken, but there's sand in the gears and there's underlying economic concerns. So when we think about the breadth of our platform and what's going on in the headlines in the last few weeks, very interesting. The Fed and Treasury and the government's done a great job. But as Josh and I are talking about, just the extensive impact, you can shut the economy down in a few days, it takes weeks, months and quarters to restart it. And it's that type of environment that we will be active in the breadth of our business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerry O'Hara of Jefferies.
Gerry O'Hara: Great. Thanks for squeezing me in. Perhaps just one on kind of the insurance business and sort of the impact of this sort of low rate environment, how you kind of see that growing, I guess, on an organic basis? And then if memory serves, the liquidity discount that was cited in this quarter with respect to Athene, is that sort of it comes down over time, if I am recalling that correctly? But perhaps, you could kind of refresh us on how that works from a valuation perspective going forward? Thank you.
Leon Black: Martin, do you want to grab that?
Martin Kelly: Yes. So Gerry, that's quick one. So yes, the discount is just a term of the lockup and the volatility in the stock. So it's formulaic. It's like an option pricing model. It burns off with time, subject to where it all goes from here. So if vol was flat, you would expect to see a straight line drop off, but it will do whatever vol does between now and three years from now.
Leon Black: I mean, generally I would say, the insurance companies continue to grow organically. You can look at the first quarter and see that. But the low rates really should pressure. It can create a lot of more strategic transactions, sales of books of business, sales of businesses, the ability to buy large chunks of liabilities as some of the other trends that I talked about earlier start to impact the industry at large. And so those people that have capital and those people that have the ability to invest add a little bit of a higher return in a appropriate risk-adjusted way. Those companies and we count our platforms among those companies will be there to be helpful and supportive of the industry in terms how the industry itself is going to restructure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Harris of Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: Thanks. Hi guys. if we are sitting here six months from now and COVID is still around and there are no meetings or limited travel, how might that impact your ability to fundraise going forward? And in particular, wondering about the successor to Fund IX?
Leon Black: Yes. So I mean I have been actually amazed. I mean I have been on just many, many Zoom calls with Asia, with States, with other geographies around the globe. And there have been a number of annual meetings that have been over video, over Zoom or other services. And like I said, we have been closing capital. The investors, other people have been where they have fundraisings and process has been continuing to close. And so the industry at large has moved very quickly online. And so I mean I would say, it hasn't really missed a beat, which is surprising to say that but at least that's my observation so far. And like I said earlier also, unlike the financial crisis where we did have a small number even for us but there was a broader number for others of LPs that said, look, if you don't have to make a capital call, don't make a capital call and we are not open for business. We really haven't seen that. Certainly, from our point of view, we are seeing like people go the other way and say, do you have co-invest? What new funds are you raising like? And I mentioned the Accord III B fund where we literally in a month or three weeks after we have spend Accord III much more quickly than we thought closed $1.5 billion. And that was a lot of incoming and that was way ahead. When we started it, we had penciled it in to take another 30 or 60 days longer and people were just moving much more quickly. So, we haven't seen the concern that you are raising has not manifested itself. And if anything, I see it sort of slightly going the other way.
Martin Kelly: I would amplify on that. I mean, why do institutions give us money? They give us money, one, for performance. And, two, they give us money because we have created a chemistry of trust and a relationship over time. We have been at this 30 years now. We have a AAA group of institutional investors. And as long as we keep performing, the world, I mean, in the last few years has broken up to the haves and have-nots. The large private equity funds that have been in business and have created this chemistry have garnered outsized percentages of the money that's out there. And there's a lot of capital out there. In an ultra-low interest rate environment, there is a lot of cash still around looking for yields, looking for returns. And so I would agree with Josh. If anything, this will continue to play to our benefit as long as we perform because we already do have 30-year relationships with the large pools of capital that exists. More specifically to Fund IX, again we are bullied. Look, I have been able to perform in good times and bad. But clearly distressed environments have played in our favor historically over the last 30 years with five downcycles. But in Fund IX, we are about a third invested. That was a $25 billion fund. So even with outsized opportunities that's probably is going to be at least 18 to 24 months before we are out fundraising again there.
Operator: Your next question --
Jim Zelter: Right. And I have heard, just to underscore Leon's point, like I have heard from a lot of investors that the bigger branded players in general, the trusted players like, it's much harder now. If you don't know someone you are trying to raise a first time fund and you are trying to do the first meeting or resume or the second or third or the fifth, it's much harder. But for someone you have been in business with for many years, we are benefiting and the large branded funds are benefiting from that trend.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in here. Just a bigger picture question. Curious for your views or perspectives, what sort of changes we could see the consumer and corporate behavior on the other side of this crisis? And also given the growing deficits and concerns around state and local budget shortfalls and central bank actions, I guess, what sort of implications do you see for inflation, tax rates and the investing landscape?
Josh Harris: Well, I will start and maybe Jim or Leon can pile on. I would say that certainly consumer behavior, I mean, consumers represent 70% of the U.S. GDP. And clearly everything from all types of services, certainly restaurants, certainly events, people, Disney is talking about the capacity of their parks being lower. So kind of restaurants, events, meetings, there will be a significant change in the consumer behavior in terms of people's willingness to interact with others for some period of time unless there's a vaccination or a cure found, which I think is more hopeful. But it continues to be unclear whether that's going to happen. So you are going to see a lot of that. You are going to see an acceleration of what people do online obviously. And so those would be some of the considerations that I would talk about. In terms of inflation, there's just really no hint of inflation right now. There's just a massive lack of demand because consumers are just not buying what they were buying. And so even though you would expect that when there's this massive influx of money and massive fiscal stimulus there might be inflation. It's well below the targets that have been laid out there by the Federal Reserve and others. And there's a lot of slack in the global economy and a lot of slack in the U.S. economy. And so you might see it selectively. But it's just not showing up right now. And you can just look at the price of oil and commodities, right and see certainly that part of it which tends to correlate is way down. So I don't know, Jim or Leon, if you have any other comments?
Leon Black: I think you hit them, Josh. I think the idea of higher rates any time soon, let's say, for this decade we are going to be in a very low rate environment. And there's going to be, the government were piling on a lot of debt. But I think Josh really hit the two most important points.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Carrier of Bank of America.
Mike Carrier: Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking the question. Just a question on the private versus public. So on the public market, there's a bounce back and sort of interesting policy moves and some hopes on reopening. But the economic outlook of private company fundamentals seem to paint a different outlook. And it looks like you were able to take advantage and create value on the public side in March and April. Can you provide some more color? And just what way we can try to assess the portfolio companies bridge the gap until the economy returns to like a new normal including how much capital is in reserve in the funds?
Josh Harris: Yes. Look, I will start probably and then, Martin, I don't know how much of those numbers that we released. But I would say that, look, we came into this with very low leverage and a lot of liquidity and very few covenants and very low maturities or amortization and a lot of flexibility in our credit documents. So we sort of did a lot of the planning in advance. We have been, I think publicly saying for a while that we foresaw that something, we didn't know what but that we worried about volatility and economic downturns and something could happen. And so our portfolio today from a liquidity and from an amortization standpoint is in very good shape. And the fact that we bought it at very low multiples is serving us very well. And the cash flows themselves are not uniformly but hanging in there pretty significantly. And we are underweight energy. We are underweight retail. And a lot of the sectors that have been hit the hardest, travel and all that and things like that, we just didn't have a lot of that leisure hotels. And so, like we are very well positioned right now from a portfolio standpoint. Obviously what you would do and should do is think about how do you preserve liquidity? What can you do to do that? And raising capital and a marketplace that we think is technically driven and ahead of itself. And so we are looking at opportunities to do that. I mean, Martin, I don't know if you want to add on the fund liquidity. We have ample liquidity. I mean we spend a lot of time on this. I don't know what it really is. But we are very focused on funding liquidity. There's ample liquidity. We have more than enough liquidity for any sort of issues. And what we are now spending a lot of time on, enormous time on is like how do we spend the excess liquidity and funding on offense. And so that's how we are spending our time. I don't know if we released the numbers.
Martin Kelly: Yes. I think that covers it
Leon Black: And if I could just add. I think that question, Josh, obviously addressed it for us, but it's the other side of that coin that gets us being very thoughtful and optimistic about our landscape because many other firms, investors, companies out there are probably a bit more levered and whether it's the solutions we brought to Expedia or Cimpress this past week, many, many, many tools we have will allow us to be that provider of solution capital. So again, well, it may not be as relevant to Apollo because of our discipline and value, it's certainly relevant for many, many other swaths of the economy.
Josh Harris: Yes. And we are obviously ahead of, because we have been playing so much offense. We are looking across the landscape and we have 40 just in private equity alone and Jim can take the credit, we have 40 open to buys. We have reviewed hundreds and hundreds of companies and not everyone was thinking the way we were thinking. And so that provides, we are going to have opportunities and not just private equity based companies but public companies. It was really hard to predict. The fact that, I mean, no one predicted the kind of revenue loss that has existed. And basically in many, many industries, when you have no revenues and you have fixed costs, like there's a need for cash to get over the hump at a minimum. And so we have a very large funnel of opportunities to take advantage of.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski of Oppenheimer.
Chris Kotowski: Yes. Good morning. Thanks. I just wanted to go back to slide 12 and the clawback liability because last quarter you had the realized loss in Constellis. And then you said, okay, the next whatever it was $100 million or so of realized gains would be dedicated there. And years ago, KKR had this concept of a netting hole of mark-to-market positions that could only be refilled with realized gains. But what you are saying is, this $1.31 of clawback liability that just goes away even with unrealized appreciation. And so if you had 11% or more appreciation and then had realized gains, that would generate distributable earnings then?
Leon Black: Yes, Chris, for sure. So it's a point in time mark-to-market. It's the same on the negative side on the clawback or the payable side as it is on the upside. And so we determined what we think are the appropriate valuations for all the companies in the fund and the portfolio. And then we impute carry off that. And this arises because Fund VIII has made prior distributions of carry. And so at a point in time at March 31, using those unrealized marks, that would be the imputed repayment. But it reverses itself with unrealized appreciation at the same way that normal carry is sort of created and booked with appreciation. So it's symmetrical.
Operator: Thank you. That was our final question for this morning. I will now return the call to Gary Stein for any additional or closing comments.
Gary Stein: Great. Thanks operator and thanks everyone. Appreciate spending time with us this morning and we look forward to speaking with you again shortly. If you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to me or Ann. Thanks.
Leon Black: Stay healthy.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the Apollo Global Management's first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Apollo Global Managements Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference call is being recorded. This call may include forward-looking statements and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to Apollos most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Apollo will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, which management believe are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in Apollos earnings presentation, which is available on the Companys website. Also, note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Apollo fund. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Investor Relations.
Gary Stein: Great. Thanks, operator. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2019 earnings call. Joining me this morning are Leon Black, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director; and Martin Kelley, Chief Financial Officer and Co-Chief Operating Officer. Gary Parr, Senior Managing Director is also here with us and will be available during the Q&A portion of our call. Earlier this morning, we reported distributable earnings of $1.10 per share, which led to a cash dividend of $0.89 per share for the fourth quarter. The quarters distributable earnings were driven by pretax fee-related earnings or FRE of $0.59 per share, and strong performance fee generation from our private equity and credit businesses. With that, Ill turn the call over to Leon Black.
Leon Black: Thanks, Gary. Good morning and thank you all for joining us. Id like to first to focus my remarks this morning on the extremely productive year we had in 2019 at Apollo. Following that, Id like to briefly highlight the continued strong growth trajectory that we see ahead for the firm. From there, Josh will spend a few minutes discussing the firms recent operating performance, and then Martin will provide greater detail on our strong financial performance for the year and the quarter. As I reflect on the past year, its quite remarkable to consider the many meaningful changes that have taken place with respect to Apollo and the positive impact these changes have had on our firm and our shareholders. Just to recap a few key events during the course of the last few quarters: One, weve announced and completed our conversion from a publicly traded partnership to a C corporation effective last September 5. Pursuant to our conversion, we have already been included in some major indices, such as the CRSP and S&P Total Market Indices, and have seen an over 50% increase in our long-only and passive ownership. We have also benefited from greater liquidity in our stock as our average daily volume has doubled since our conversion. Two, in October, we announced an important transaction to strengthen the strategic relationship between Apollo and Athene. Through this transaction, Apollo and certain of its related parties and employees will nearly double their ownership stake in Athene to approximately 35%, with an option to purchase an additional 5%. Athene will be eliminating its dual-class structure and taking on approximately a 7% stake in Apollo, marking the first time it will have a direct economic interest in our financial success and further increasing the alignment between our two companies. Third, in November, we hosted an Investor Day. The key points we communicated through the course of the day were, firstly, the fact that Apollo offers shareholders both high growth and an attractive yield. In addition, we offered a robust view of our long-term growth objectives and laid out the path for how we expect to achieve them. Specifically, over the past five years, weve been able to double our AUM and FRE, and we believe that we will be able to do so again over the next five years. We also felt that we were significantly undervalued. And while investors have begun to recognize the value of our franchise, we believe Apollo is still an extremely attractive investment. Id also mention that our Investor Day provided us with an excellent opportunity to showcase many leaders from across our organization. Were very proud of the deep bench of talent we have at Apollo and are pleased that we were able to feature a handful of the many people that have helped drive Apollos great success. Finally, during our Investor Day in response to recommendations from many of you, our shareholders, we unveiled a new minimum cash dividend of $0.40 per quarter or $1.60 per year. We believe this minimum dividend is reflective of the strong and growing cash-generating power of our business and is supported by our stable and recurring fee-related earnings without including any upside from our incentive business. We were optimistic that by undertaking these actions throughout the year, we would be able to unlock meaningful shareholder value. And that has certainly come to pass as Apollo stock returned approximately 100% during 2019. In connection with our corporate conversion, we have also seen a significant shift in our shareholder base towards larger, longer-term focused investors, and we believe this transition is still in early innings. When I look at our business today, I see a franchise that has tremendous secular tailwinds at its back as low interest rates globally have made it increasingly difficult for investors to meet their income and return requirements in the public arena. Today, we have built the largest alternative credit platform in the world, with over $215 billion of AUM and more than 20 different credit strategies to meet these investor needs. As we continue to scale our broad insurance capabilities, we have continued to expand our differentiated yield capabilities in order to drive strong performance across the platform. We have also delivered industry-leading private equity returns of 39% gross and 25% net IRRs since Apollos founding in 1990, 30 years ago. In addition, investors are increasingly consolidating their relationships with trusted partners like Apollo, driving continued growth of our AUM. Half of our AUM is now permanent capital, which is the most stable and sticky kind of capital there is. And over 80% of our AUM is in permanent capital vehicles or has a contractual life of seven years or more from inception. As a firm, weve been able to deliver exceptional performance over 30 years and develop a world-class brand name, driven by our integrated global platform, our deep bench of talent and our continued commitment to excellence. As weve discussed before, embedded within our culture of excellence is our commitment towards socially responsible investing, which has been a cornerstone of our investment process for many years. As a reminder, a few months ago, we published our 10th annual ESG report in which we disclosed in great detail the many ways that weve engaged with portfolio companies of Apollo managed funds across environmental, social and governance factors. We encourage everyone to review that report, and we look forward to engaging further with our investors on this very important topic. With that, Id like to turn the call over to Josh to provide some color around the firms recent operating results.
Josh Harris: Thanks, Leon. Starting with AUM and flows, we ended the year with total assets under management of $331 billion, reflecting an increase of 18% year-over-year. As of year-end, our AUM in permanent capital vehicles grew to $166 billion, representing about half of our total assets under management, while fee-generating AUM grew to $246 billion, up 15% year-over-year. Our strong growth in AUM was driven by gross inflows of $64 billion for the year and $10 billion for the fourth quarter. During the quarter, flows were anchored by organic growth that is seen in mid-cap as well as a number of new innovative investment strategies that didnt exist a year ago, including ADIP, our revolver fund, and the acquisition of GE Capitals PK AirFinance aircraft lending platform, which closed during the quarter. Our culture of innovation has continued to resonate strongly with investors. Id like to take a moment to provide a little more color on two of the strategic vehicles I just mentioned, PK AirFinance and ADIP. PKK Air Finance, which we and the team just acquired from GE Capital, is the most recent example of our ongoing efforts to expand the breadth of our direct origination capabilities within our credit business. PK is an industry-leading aviation lending businesses, which is scalable and highly complementary to the existing Merx aircraft leasing platform. Across the Apollo platform, we now manage aviation-related assets of nearly $7 billion. Regarding ADIP, to date, we have closed on more than $3 billion of capital commitments, which when combined with the Athenes stand-alone capital, represents over $70 billion of cumulative buying power for potential incremental assets through M&A and pension risk transfer restriction  transactions. While the timing of M&A is always difficult to predict, were very optimistic that the potential to transact within the insurance space remains strong. And through ADIP and our other insurance capabilities, we believe we and Athene possess a unique capital solution and comprehensive and holistic set of tools to address industry opportunities. As a result of Apollos strong asset under management and fee-generating AUM growth throughout the year, management fees grew steadily to $1.5 billion for the full year 2019, reflecting 16% growth year-over-year. For 2019, we generated $902 million of fee-related earnings or FRE, representing a 17% increase over the prior year. As we highlighted during our recent Investor Day, we have demonstrated consistently strong FRE growth throughout the years and believe we can continue to achieve robust growth going forward through a combination of organic capital raising and strategic capital initiatives. The funds we manage also have approximately $46 billion of dry powder, approximately half of which will begin to earn management fees as capital is invested, providing some visibility into FRE growth just from the AUM we already have available across our platform today. Finally, Athora continues to work constructively with regulators regarding its previously announced acquisition of VIVAT, which remains subject to regulatory approval. Moving on to deployment. Despite an elevated valuation environment over the past year, funds managed by Apollo put more than $15 billion of capital to work in our drawdown funds across our platform and across credit, private equity and real asset businesses, which is an increase from deployment over the last few years. During the fourth quarter, the private equity funds we manage entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Tech Data, a leading global distributor of technology products, services and solutions. Inclusive of Tech Data and certain other acquisitions announced during the quarter, our private equity fund IX is now 24% committed or invested. Our methodical and patient approach of embracing complexity, combined with our expertise in sourcing and structuring investments in a creative fashion, have enabled our funds to continue deploying capital at what we believe are very attractive valuations. Finally, we continue to feel very good about the prospects for Fund VIII, which was put to work at an average creation multiple of 6.5x prior to cost airings. And thats nearly 5 turns below industry average multiples. The ongoing seizing and maturation of portfolio companies within the fund should drive meaningful monetization activity over the next few years. With that, I will turn the call over to Martin to cover some of the financial highlights of the quarter and the year. Thank you.
Martin Kelley: Great. Thanks, Josh. Starting with the results for the fourth quarter, we continued to demonstrate the strength, stability and growth of our fee-related earnings, which increased to $0.59 per share on a pretax basis for the quarter. The higher fee-related earnings were supported by advisory and transaction fees from activity across our private equity and credit segments. This growth in FRE, combined with meaningful realization activity in private equity and performance fee generation across various credit funds, led to an increase in distributable earnings to $455 million or $1.10 per share. Private equity performance fees were driven by a handful of realization events, most notably for Verallia, Presidio and ADT. Performance fees in credit were well diversified and generated from multiple opportunistic corporate credit funds as well as mid-cap, our FCI strategy and several other credit funds. Approximately $0.20 per share of performance fees recognized in the fourth quarter were associated with transactions that we had previously expected to close in early 2020. For the 12 months ended December 31, 2019, FRE totaled $2.19 per share, reflecting 17% growth over the prior year. This growth was supported by 16% management fee growth and a continued emphasis on efficiency and cost discipline, allowing for some modest margin expansion year-over-year to 55% on a full year basis. Distributable earnings were $2.71 per share for 2019, 28% higher than the prior year, driven by a combination of FRE growth and higher performance fees. We declared an $0.89 per Class A share dividend for the fourth quarter, bringing the total Class A cash distribution for the 12 months ended December 31, 2019 to $2.35 per share. Turning to investment performance. In private equity, the funds we manage appreciated by 4% in the quarter as gains in our public portfolio outweighed some headwinds in our private energy portfolio. The funds public equity portfolio company holdings appreciated by 20.6% during the quarter, led by portfolio holdings such as ADT, Verallia and Watches of Switzerland, while the funds private equity portfolio company holdings depreciated by 1.9%, primarily impacted by mark-to-market adjustments on energy investments that offset appreciation in the remainder of the private portfolio. Notably, performance for Fund VIII remains strong with the fund appreciating by 5.9% in the quarter, bringing 2019 total appreciation to 24.1%. In credit, we generated another quarter of strong performance across the board with gross returns of 2.2% for corporate credit, 2.5% for structured credit and 2.6% for direct origination, outpacing the S&P Leveraged Loan Index total return of 1.7%. For the full year 2019, gross returns were also very strong with performance of 10.6% for corporate credit, 13% for structured credit and 12.2% for direct origination as compared to the S&P Leveraged Loan Index total return of 8.6%. Were very pleased with the performance across our credit businesses as we benefited from our decision over the last few years to move into more senior components of capital structures and to selectively reduce energy and retail exposure. As our credit platform continues to grow in breadth and depth, weve been able to utilize our scale and global integrated platform to find what we believe to be attractive, high-grade opportunities to generate returns as opposed to reaching for yield in lower-rated or distressed situations. In real assets, performance was very strong for the quarter with aggregate appreciation, excluding real estate debt of 7.5%, driven by robust appreciation in our European principal finance infrastructure equity and U.S. real estate funds. For the year, our real assets funds, excluding real estate debt, returned 16.2%. During the fourth quarter, our net accrued performance fee balance declined by 4% as positive marks across our private equity, credit and real assets businesses were offset by the high level of realizations during the quarter. On a year-over-year basis, net accrued performance fees grew by 60%. The underlying growth in net accrued performance fees, in conjunction with continued strong performance across our private equity business and Fund VIII in particular, continue to provide us with confidence that we are in the early stages of a period of higher realization activity. However, in terms of near-term net performance fee realizations, we currently expect that net realized carry in 2020 will approximate 2019 levels driven by two factors. First, as I mentioned earlier, during the fourth quarter, we recognized approximately $0.20 per share of net performance fees related to transactions that we had originally expected to close in the first quarter of 2020. And second, we recognized some impairments in Fund VIII during the fourth quarter, principally on Fund VIIIs investment in Constellis, which need to be recouped in early 2020 before future performance fees may be distributed. Due to both of these factors, we expect the first quarter of 2020 to be a light quarter for net realized performance fees. After considering higher financing costs related to AGMs 2019 debt transactions and taxes on net performance fees resulting from our C-corp conversion, we currently expect net after-tax earnings generated by incentive income to be lower in 2020. Over the medium term, however, we continue to feel very good about the prospects for Fund VIII and expect that the continued seasoning and maturation of portfolio companies within the fund will drive meaningful monetization activity. Before I conclude my prepared remarks, Id like to make a few comments regarding our expectations regarding expenses, tax rate and share count as we head into 2020. Comp and non-comp expenses grew during the fourth quarter, driven by a combination of investment and certain non-recurring items. From a comp perspective, there was a ramp in the fourth quarter as we have continued to bring in new talent to support our growing businesses. Within our non-comp line, there were certain nonrecurring professional fees that impacted the fourth quarter. As we look out into 2020, we expect to continue investing across the Apollo platform, and therefore anticipate that FRE margins over the next year should be in line with 2019 levels, i.e., around 55%. Were highly committed to maintaining our best-in-class FRE margins and believe we have a high level of control over the levers that drive our expense base while we continue to invest for long-term growth. Regarding taxes, our full year DE tax rate was low, impacted by the split publicly traded partnership and C-corp year. Therefore, we continue to point you to the comments we previously provided in conjunction with our C-corp conversion, which is that over a realization cycle, we believe our effective tax rate should be in the mid- to high teens. Regarding our share count subsequent to the closing of the Athene transaction, which we expect to close this quarter, and considering expected net employee share vesting and delivery during the first quarter, we expect our diluted share count at the end of the first quarter will approximate 443 million shares. Finally, as a reminder, we issued $300 million of fixed rate resettable sub notes during the quarter. This marks the first time that we have raised debt in this structure and represents a further diversification of our sources of liquidity across various structures in a favorable credit market. With that, well now turn the call back to the operator and open the line for any of your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bill Katz of Citi.
Bill Katz: Thank you very much for taking the questions. I appreciate it. So maybe a big picture one, Leon just sort of building on sort of your  as you sort of think the migration of the company has been over the last couple of years, including the conversion to C-corp. Can you talk a little bit about other things you might be able to do to broaden out the potential for index and other sort of passive-oriented investors to buy the stock? I guess maybe the specific question is whether or not youd be willing to move to a more single class share class or give up some voting rights to broaden out that appeal. And then I have a follow-up question.
Josh Harris: Yes. I think Ill take that one. Look, were very focused on making the stock easier to own and create more liquidity and being very investor focused. So were looking at all that. I dont think we have any specific conclusions yet. So  but I appreciate the question.
Bill Katz: Okay. And just as a follow-up, and Martin, thanks so much for guidance. Just can we level set exiting the fourth quarter of what may have been sort of a run rate level of comp and doing non-comp, just given some of your prepared comments? And then could you sort of flesh out where youre looking to spend as you think about 2020?
Martin Kelley: Sure. So its principally driven by bringing new talent into the firm. And that is related to the opportunities that we see in front of us that we laid out at the Investor Day. So last year from start to end, when we added close to 20% of new headcount on a net basis. And thats for all the reasons that weve spoken about, opportunities, building new platforms and building out the support functions in enterprise solutions to support that. So were very committed to our best-in-class margins. We are very disciplined on how we make investment decisions. Investment decisions are P&L costs for us. And so as we look forward, as I mentioned, we would expect our margins to maintain around their current levels as we set a foundation for the future growth thats in front of us.
Josh Harris: Just to hop in on this one. I mean, obviously, we have 55% FRE margin, EBITDA margins. Thats the best in the industry. Were investing north of $100 million. Were expecting to invest north of $100 million in everything from infrastructure, investing capability to large-cap lending capability, to direct lending capability, to building a lot of the platforms that weve already been talking about and are continuing to expand on our insurance and financial services capability as well as like looking much harder at our platform more generally including technology, data and analytics, risk. So ultimately, I think we would expect our margins next year to be similar to this year. We have a lot of control over what we do, but we see a lot of opportunities.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just a follow-up to the first question. Are there any negatives that maybe we could be missing as we think about the very small corporate governance changes that are required for a Russell 1000 add?
Josh Harris: Yes. I mean, I think, ultimately, youre right. We dont think youre missing anything.
Craig Siegenthaler: Okay. Thank you, Josh.
Leon Black: I would add to that. Look, weve done the C conversion. Weve gotten on a few indexes. We see how powerful that is in terms of expanding our shareholder base with long-only shareholders. And its something that wed like to be able to continue and extend that momentum. And so its something were looking at and were very focused on and would like to get to the place where that momentum can be significantly expanded with things like the inclusion of Russell. But obviously, on the call such as this, we cant commit ABC before we can get there. But its something that we think extremely seriously and I think would be to the benefit of most of the stakeholders.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier of Bank of America.
Michael Carrier: Good morning, and thanks for taking the question. So maybe just on the performance fee comment for 2020 being in line with 2019, because I get the accelerated comment in terms of 4Q 2019 coming in better, and so thats going to impact 2020. But maybe just a little color on some of the comments on the impairment and some of the catch-up, like maybe how significant that is? And then maybe tie that in to, I think, Josh, what you were saying just at Investor Day. And I know you didnt say a year, you said over the next few years or multiyears, of just that $1.50 to $2 number in performance fees, the potential just given where we are in that cycle. Thanks.
Martin Kelley: So Mike, Ill hit the first one. So the impairment is, we think, likely can be contained within Q1. Its around $0.13 of net carry that needs to be made up before  within Fund VIII before Fund VIII can sort of get back to distributing.
Josh Harris: Yes. I mean and then you had the $0.20 that flipped from one year  from first quarter to fourth quarter. But I mean Id say look, I mean I think we still continue to believe that thats the right range for performance fees. So I think like, obviously, quarterly  predicting quarterly realizations in highly complicated, ever-changing markets is difficult. But  so having said that, long run or medium run, we see value building in the fund. Were well into the carry there. The fund is 3.5 years old. We bought it at 6.5x EBITDA pre-cost savings, under 6% post-cost savings. And we see a lot of progress in the underlying companies. And so were expecting that, that fund will generate a lot of carry, and I think we put those numbers out there and continue to believe them.
Michael Carrier: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Leon Black: And I think our view is that, that fund should achieve the 2x that our funds have achieved over 30 years. Its a high-quality fund that we feel very good at  about. The monetizations will be heavier, in our view, over the next year to two years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Hey guys. Just maybe digging a little bit further into the performance fee commentary. So I guess, one, can you help us size how much Q4 net carry benefited from utilization of margin loans? I think there was a Verallia one and maybe another one, but I think Verallia was the only one. And more importantly, as we think about the capacity to do more of those type of transactions, I think you have one out for OneMain, what could that look like in the first half of the year? Because that feels maybe a little bit within your control.
Martin Kelley: Yes. So Alex, its  the impact to the margin lines in Q4 was around the same number. And not for the same reasons that I mentioned, but the margin line pull forward was about $0.20 a share. And then the margin loan that youre referring to on OneMain, its not unusual for us to do margin loans on public securities. Weve done that going back a long time. Its a way to sort of take some risk off the table. Most of that particular margin line is return of capital. So that itself wont return much carry and it certainly not  it certainly doesnt cover the impairment shortfall that I referred to.
Josh Harris: Generally, were  when we  when Martin  in Martins comments, he said that last year will look similar to this year in our best guess. I mean, obviously, its difficult to predict. But you got  you should assume that were at every turn, looking to return capital as quickly as possible to magnify our returns. Its a return management issue relative to our investors and trying to generate the highest returns. Clearly, if youre a private equity investor, youre expecting 20-plus percent returns. If we can borrow at 4% on a safe basis and leverage returns, were going to do that. And so looking at every opportunity to do that, its an ongoing and continuous process as a tool in our toolkit. And so I dont know that  and its a small part of the overall realization. So I wouldnt be overly fixated on it.
Alex Blostein: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr of Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Looking for an aggregate update, I think, on the origination platforms, and my thought is from a supply-demand standpoint, meaning what kind of growth are you seeing across things like PK or equipment finance lease, trade finance, mortgage? And are you still seeing those 100 to 300 better spread  basis point spreads? And do you keep 100% of those originations? Sorry if thats a multiple question in one.
Josh Harris: Yes. Im trying to figure out how to...
Gary Stein: Well count it as one question.
Josh Harris: I would say that we continue  yes. So the secret sauce, if you will, of our origination, the direct origination off around credit capability continues to grow and be, in essence, the rocket fuel. One of the tools for the outperformance of our insurance platforms and our LPE investors on the credit side, and we continue to make progress and grow. Thats a huge focus of the firm. In terms of private credit and other aircraft leasing, yes, we continue to see the better spreads in  across all of those businesses relative to a broadly syndicated loan market or the high-yield market, which are very overvalued. And so  and you continue to see our LPEs, and our insurance platforms in particular, turn  theres a lot of demand. Theres excess demand relative to supply. So one of the things we say, were investing a lot of money, $100 million, in keeping our industry-leading EBITDA margin stable. Doing it, part of that is investing in finding people and teams that find origination capability. And we have a lot of discussions out there, and we continue to see that arbitrage.
Leon Black: And that is basically part of the firms strategy of sustaining the largest alternative credit platform basically in the world today. As long as we live in a low-yielding world, there is a thirst for yield among most of our global relationships, and theres also thirst for spread in our insurance platform relationships. So it behooves us, and we think it is the right strategy in todays environment, to keep expanding the credit platform into new originated products and fields. So that is something I think weve been very successful at, and we will kind of double down and triple down in that area.
Glenn Schorr: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington of JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: Hey, good morning. So I wanted to follow up on sort of your brief comments on Athora and maybe dig a little bit more into the environment in Europe. So can you talk about the environment for insurance restructuring in Europe? It seems like theres more press about European bank and financial company restructurings. And it kind of feels like thats an indication of more opportunities for balance sheet repair and maybe more insurance blocks coming out. So how would you characterize the acquisition environment in European insurance today? Or maybe an outlook versus where the environment was, say, a year or 1.5 years ago? Like, is it the same? Is it getting better? Is it getting worse? I cant tell. It feels like its getting better, but wanted to hear your comments.
Gary Parr: Its Gary Parr. You would be right in observing the pressures on the European insurers. Low interest rates continue to create difficulty for the companies. And interestingly in particular is their old assets roll off and they put them into new investments. And so its just an increasing problem as time passes with low interest rates. The other observation is that Solvency II and the revisions to Solvency II are creating any number of problems for companies with  particularly with their old blocks of business. And that, of course, is where we spend our time. So weve seen two trends that continue to apply pressure to companies. Were obviously enthused about our presence in multiple countries already. So it gives us the platforms to do the consolidation. And so the bottom line to your question is we see lots of activity in Europe, a number of large companies rearranging, but also interestingly, a lot of midsized companies finally coming under pressure where they just have to find some alternative, some way forward as a strategic move.
Ken Worthington: Awesome. Now its wonderful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt of Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: Good morning. I think the credit performance fee, I think, came in much better than most peoples even elevated expectations. Could you kind of disaggregate that a bit for us? And is there any portion in there that is something that we can bet on every year? Or does it kind of reset every January? And finally, does your guidance on flat year-over-year performance fees include or exclude credit performance fees? Thank you.
Martin Kelley: Sure. So it was driven by a number of different funds, most of which are annual payout funds. And so there is no carry in cash terms until you get to the end of the year and youve satisfied the hurdle rate. And so there was a small amount of carry away from that. But by definition, it makes it you have to show up in January and then do the same again, right? So we have to earn our way to the preferred return and cross that and drive the payout. So we  our baseline includes an assumption of credit carry, recognizing that last year was a very strong year and might not be repeated, but well see how the year plays out.
Josh Harris: And it is actually in the numbers, right? It is actually part of the forecast.
Patrick Davitt: Thank you. 
Martin Kelly: Yes. And just to be clear, this is  its all incentive earnings, right? The comments around FRE that weve made are  we expect to be in the area of mid-teens FRE growth, balancing expense spend against the revenue as it emerges.
Patrick Davitt: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just maybe coming back to your guidance for realizations. I appreciate the guidance there, thanks for that, around 2020 being similar to 2019. I guess if were sitting here a year from now and 2020 ultimately turns up actually to be a bit higher than 2019, I guess, how are you thinking about the scenario where something like that could emerge? Is it just more transactions, number of deals that kind of pull forward from 2021 potentially into 2020? Just trying to assess there, how youre thinking about that possibility, whether its number of deals and how would that compare versus what youre expecting over the next couple of years, say, out to 2024?
Josh Harris: First of all, just to clarify, I mean, we dont give guidance, particularly around incentive fee because of the unpredicted sort of what youre talking about, which is its incredibly unpredictable relative to a quarter-on-quarter or year-on-year annual. We do actually obviously calculate what we expect to do based on current market conditions. And weve shared some of that flavor on this call relative to kind of predicting pull forward from 2021 or 2020. Its all market conditions today. Its very, very hard to do that. Weve given you our best guess as to how this  we thought it appropriate to sort of share some color on the call, and weve done that. I dont know. And weve shared like longer on how we feel over the life of the cycle, which is that well do better than 2x, which is below actually our historical average, which is in the low to mid-2s. So on a conservative basis, weve shared all that. But relative to any sort of more predicting  more specific predictions, we cant  we couldnt accurately do that based on how volatile the markets are. I mean, right now, by the way, obviously, the markets are high on the debt side. And on the equity side, just for whatever its worth, while the PE multiples are on  the median PE multiples are relatively high, its very bifurcated. So when you look at the top 20% of S&P 500 companies, they trade in the mid to high 20s on a TEV basis. When you look at the bottom 20%, they trade under 13, 12. And so its not necessarily the case if the equity markets are hospitable. Theyre hospitable in certain situations, theyre not in others. I think for us, obviously, it presents an interesting  one of the big opportunities for us is, and we continue to demonstrate it, is buying, and I know this wasnt your question, is buying public companies that are misvalued by public markets in our opinion. And on the sell side, were going to take advantage of things that we think are appropriate. It doesnt apply holistically across our portfolio just because things are public. So the realization environment, even though you would expect it to be great, its okay and mixed.
Leon Black: But again, just underscoring what Martin said, the FRE expectations guidance was again growth of mid-teens and maintaining margins in the mid-50s. But I agree with Josh that is the nature of PE and thats why the multiple that youve all put on PE is a lot lower than on management fees. Yes, there could be an M&A boom depending on what happens in the election next year. And so you could have an acceleration across the industry. But thats not something we feel is a responsible way of kind of baking in guidance.
Josh Harris: But color, not guidance.
Leon Black: Right, color.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thanks so much. I appreciate all the commentary and color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Harris of Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: Thanks, guys. Can you elaborate a little bit on the write-downs that occurred in energy this quarter? And then related to that, given whats happening to this industry, does that change your appetite at all to really invest in energy on a go-forward basis?
Josh Harris: Sure. Obviously, energy is a pretty small part of our overall assets. Its about 4% across private equity and credit. Id say that certainly the write-downs relate to a very, very poor price environment in energy across both oil and gas and NGLs. And clearly, Id say that theres been  and the outflow of capital away from energy due to many factors that I think everyone is aware of. Id say the write-downs, just to be specific, were contained within the context of PE. In credit, weve done a very good job of having not being involved with many situations. So in terms of investing in energy, the answer is that the bar is that were not running away from investing in energy. We think theres still opportunities. I mean, clearly, right now, the market is painting all forms of energy, other than renewables and green-related energy, with a pretty broad brush. And theres really no capital available. So I think that you can  were not  we have specific funds that are dedicated to energy investing, and were going to continue to do that. But like probably anyone whos investing in energy today has to really be buying  has to be very wary of what exit multiple you apply and really get nearly all your return from the cash flow that energy generates. Because theres just a dearth of capital going into the industry, that creates an opportunity. But on the other hand, one needs to be pretty  move pretty carefully as they review it. I mean the other thing Id say  the last thing Id say is that, certainly, energy infrastructure, midstream, I mean, a lot of this stuff is being affected and is  theres a lot  theres a few diamonds in the rough as you move outside of just the resource itself. The resource itself, just need  you really need to buy cash flow and really discount terminal value based on everything thats going on in the environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan of JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Well, thanks. Good morning, guys. Most have been asked, but just wanted to follow up on that last question and maybe about get a little bit broader commentary on deployment expectations in private equity and Fund IX specifically. And just if you can talk a little bit about the backlog, what youre seeing there, where youre seeing value in the markets. And is it public investments at the moment or is it private? Or just broadly where is their value at the moment?
Josh Harris: Yes. So what were seeing, I mean, is a continuation of what weve been talking about, which is that, yes, the bifurcation in the S&P 500 and the public markets is really affording us the opportunity to buy cash flow cheaply. And so even though the overall indexes are high, were seeing a relatively significant pipeline of public to privates across multiple industries. And its companies that no longer are attractive to markets because theyre not growing at double-digit rates. Or perhaps they are portfolios of assets that dont make  that are harder to understand. Or perhaps theyve missed a number or two and the public markets have grown tired. But at this point, were seeing a number of opportunities there. And were also seeing continued opportunities in financial services. I mean, Gary hit on it, but with negative rates existing all over the world other than the U.S., and low rates in the U.S., youre seeing tremendous pressure on financial services companies, banks, insurance companies, other types of financial services companies. And youre seeing the opportunity to  the asset management capability that weve developed as a result of some of the things that weve talked about with our ability to generate off-the-run yield is tremendously attractive and a value differentiator and our reputation and our relationships with the regulatory authorities all over the world. And our ability to assess liabilities and assets, all these things provide us with an incredible toolbox to attack the financial services business. And then the last thing Id say is that were seeing increasing opportunities in infrastructure and in some of demographic trends around real estate that exists here, particularly in the U.S., in terms of affordable housing or the aging population. And so thats also creating opportunities for us. So the environment  the investing environment itself is difficult, but theres still stuff to do and that were  so hence, the $15 billion deployment number on our drawdown funds.
Devin Ryan: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our final question will come from the line of Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Most of my questions have been answered. Maybe just one more on the management fee outlook in 2020, not just the average rate but the actual growth in management fees, the $22 billion of dry powder thats not yet earning management fees, what are your expectations for that moving into paying AUM? And how should we think about even aside from future fund-raising and inflows, how should we think about the trajectory of that coming into AUM this year and then expanding on that $388 million of management fee base that you have right now?
Martin Kelly: Sure. So Brian, about  a little more than half of that is in the credit segment and the remainder is split between real assets and PE. And in PE, that includes things like hybrid value. And so look, it really depends on the climate for testing. Its hard to predict. We make certain assumptions around deployment. And thats both of that capital and raising new capital that we expect to raise. But I think absent some big opportunity or dislocation in the market, I think we sort of  well continue to deploy at current pace. And youll see, again absent a big flagship fundraise management fee or a transaction, youll see management fee growth along the lines of what weve done.
Brian Bedell: Okay. So its interesting pace. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And that was our final question. Id like to turn the floor back over to Gary Stein for any additional or closing remarks.
Gary Stein: Great. Thank you, operator. Thank you all for joining us for the call this morning. If you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team. Otherwise, well look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Apollo Global Management's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation all callers will be placed in a listen-only mode and following management's prepared remarks, the conference call will be opened for questions. This conference call is being recorded. This call may include forward-looking statements and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to Apollo's most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Apollo will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, which management believes are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in Apollo's earnings presentation, which is available on the Company's website. Also, note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Apollo fund. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Investor Relations.
Gary Stein: Great, thanks, operator. Welcome to our third quarter 2019 earnings call. Joining me this morning are Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director; and Martin Kelley, Chief Financial Officer and Co-Chief Operating Officer; Jim Zelter, Co-President; and Gary Parr, Senior Managing Director are also here with us and will be available during the Q&A portion of today's call. Earlier this morning, we reported distributable earnings of $0.54 per share, which led to a cash dividend of $0.50 per share for the third quarter. The quarters distributable earnings were primarily driven by pretax fee related earnings or FRE of $0.52 per share. As a reminder, we will be hosting an Investor Day next Thursday, November 7th, and we look forward to engaging with all of you there. With that, I'll turn the call over to Josh.
Josh Harris: Thanks, Gary and thanks, everyone for joining us. Looking back on our performance over the third quarter and the last 12 months, we continue to move the path forward in terms of our financial results, as well as our strategy. Regarding our financial performance, we've grown AUM and fee generating AUM 19% year-over-year, while FRE has grown by 30% during the same period. From a strategic standpoint, we have also been active in a number of ways. First, on September 5th, we completed our conversion from a publicly traded partnership to a C Corporation. We've been very pleased with the reaction since we announced our conversion and we believe the positive effects are already becoming evident. Our average daily volume has more than doubled from pre conversion levels to 2.6 million shares currently. We have recently been added to the CRSP indices, which for example, resulted in the purchase of nearly 13 million shares by Vanguard at the end of September. We've seen a meaningful shift in Apollo's ownership base towards large institutional investors since we announced we will be converting. We believe the growth in long only and passive ownership of our stock has only just begun. And it's already grown from 35% of our float to more than 50%. We think we're only in the middle innings in terms of realizing the benefits of our C Corporation conversion. And believe we will continue to see a transition of our shareholder base going forward, which we expect to be added to additional indices over the next few months, such as MSCI. And we've also been actively engaging with large long only institutional investors that could not own our stock prior to conversion. Ultimately, based on what we have seen from some of our peers that converted before Apollo, we believe that more than 70% of our public float could be owned by long only and passive investors, which would be more than twice our level prior to conversion. In addition, as many of you know, earlier this week we announced a strategic equity exchange transaction with the team. Through this unique transaction, we are more than doubling Apollo and certain of its related parties and employees ownership stake in Athene from 17% to approximately 35%. At the same time, Athene will be eliminating its dual class structure and taking in approximately 7% stake in Apollo, making -- marking the first time that they will have a direct economic interest in our financial success. In total, we are investing $1.55 billion in this transaction, which includes the exchange of $1.2 billion of common equity with Athene and the purchase of an additional $350 million of Athene common stock. As we said on Monday, we're doing this because many investors were telling us that the structure of Athene super voting shares held by Apollo, was a negative on the valuation of Athene and Apollo shares. For Athene the concern was that Apollo did not have enough capital of risk while managing the assets. So there was an unfounded concern Apollo might take too much risk or cause Athene to grow unprofitably. For Apollo, there was concern that Athene would want to change the asset management contract because we were not fully aligned with them. Although we thought the concerns were unfounded, we listen. We believe we now have a stronger -- we now have stronger alignment to ensure the durability of the relationship. We believe our investment in Athene is a great example of our highly efficient use of Apollos balance sheet to pursue strategic capital initiatives. And in case of Athene pro forma for this transaction Apollo will have an investment in Athene's equity, valued at approximately $2.3 billion, which has helped create and grow the business where we manage approximately $125 billion of assets. In connection with Apollo's ongoing efforts to drive Athene's strategic growth, we have now closed on $3 billion of capital commitments today for investment into Athene's strategic capital vehicle, which we refer to as ADIP. When this third party capital vehicle is combined with Athene's standalone capital, the cumulative buying power represents more than $70 billion in potential incremental assets for Athene through M&A and pension risk transfer transactions. In addition to the C-Corp conversion and Athene transaction, from a strategic standpoint, we've also continued to make progress on building out Apollo's direct origination platforms. During the quarter we announced the acquisition of GE Capital's, industry leading aviation lending business, PK AirFinance, which is highly complementary to our existing [technical difficulty]. Also during this quarter MidCap Financial, specialty finance firm managed by Apollo Capital Management acquired a franchise finance business, from PNC Bank broadening their range of origination capabilities. We've continued to make significant progress in terms of expanding our origination platforms. We very much look forward to sharing the details with you at next week's Investor Day. Before I turn the call over to Martin, I'd like to make a comment about our senior leadership team. We continue to be focused on building a great product. We've been promoting hiring and developing the best and the brightest in the industry in a variety of leadership positions. And we look forward to sharing more details about this and our Investor Day. With that, I'll turn the call over to Martin.
Martin Kelley: Great. Thanks, Josh. Starting with the results for the third quarter. We continue to demonstrate the strength, stability and growth of our fee related earnings on a year-over-year basis which supported distributable earnings of $220 million or $0.54 per share. Pre-tax fee related earnings of $213 million, or $0.52 per share were complemented by modest realized performance fees and realized investment income, principally generated by a private equity segment. For the 12 months ended September 30, 2019, FRE totaled $2.23 per share, reflecting 30% growth over the prior year period. This growth was supported by 19% management fee growth and an emphasis on efficiency and cost discipline, driving margin expansion. In the third quarter management fees grew 3% quarter-over-quarter and 11% year-over-year driven by strong inflows across the platform. Advisory and transaction fees were lighter in the quarter due to the timing of deal closings. We expect fourth quarter advisory and transaction fees to increase based on several transactions that we expect will close within the quarter. Costs increased in the quarter driven by increases in headcount as we invest in our business. Performance fees grew quarter-over-quarter, but remain modest, consistent with our expectation, the performance fees will be more backloaded for the year. We declared a $0.50 per Class A share dividend in a light realization and light advisory and transaction fee quarter, bringing the total Class A cast distribution for the 12 months ended September 30, 2019 to $2.02 per share. Turning to investments performance. Our net accrued performance fee balance grew 25% in the quarter, supported by positive marks across our private equity credit and real assets businesses. And reached its highest level in nearly two years. In private equity the funds we manage appreciated by 3.6% in the quarter, despite some energy headwinds, as revenue and EBITDA growth remained consistent with long term trends. The successful IPO at the beginning of the fourth quarter, and increasing visibility into other monetization processes also added support to third party marks -- third quarter marks. Our Funds, private portfolio company holdings appreciated by 4.6% during the quarter, while the Funds public holdings depreciated by 0.6%, impacted by mark-to-market adjustments on debt investments. Importantly Fund VIII appreciated by 7.6% in the quarter, bringing 2019 year-to-date appreciation to approximately 17%. In credit, we generated positive performance across the board, with gross returns of 1.8% for each of corporate credit and structure credit, and 2.9% for direct origination; outperforming the S&P leverage loan index total return of 1% and the Merrill high yield index return of 1.2%. Within our credit business, energy constitutes just 2% or $1.7 billion of that credit AUM excluding Athene. And during the quarter, there was negligible impact to credit results from energy. In real assets performance remained strong with aggregate appreciation excluding real estate debt of 4.6% for the quarter and approximately 11% for the 12 months ended September 30. I'd now like to move on to asset growth which forms the basis for growing management fees and ultimately fee related earnings. During the third quarter Apollo sold gross inflows of $16 billion driven by Athene and Athora flows and capital raising across a number of funds. We held first closes for our FCI 4, U.S. real estate 3, and navigated funds during the quarter. Navigated represents our first dedicated fund related to aircraft leasing, a strategy we've been active in for many years. During Q3, we closed on $500 million for our aided fund and as Josh mentioned, we just closed on an additional $1.5 billion. Over the last four quarters, gross inflows have totaled $75 billion. Now asset raising remains robust, consistent with the growth trends we've been able to demonstrate not just over the past three or five years, but since our IPO eight years ago. Within credit fee generating inflows totaled $9 billion during the quarter and $48 billion over the 12 months ended September 30, 2019. Looking head we remain confident in our ability to drive strong AUM growth across the platform, fueled by fundraising across strategic capital initiatives, vehicles focused on strategies within each of our businesses and ongoing capital raising for managed accounts. With regards to deployment funds managed by Apollo put $3 billion of capital to work across commitment based funds. And over the last 12 months capital deployed and commitment based funds was $17 billion. This is in addition to capital we've put to work across managed accounts, evergreen funds and other investment structures. During the quarter private equity fund line closed on its private acquisition of Shutterfly, which marks the 12th public company within the last four years to be taken private. In addition, our Hybrid Value fund remained active and is now approximately 40% committed or invested after having just held its final close in March, reflecting the strong pipeline in place for our newest private equity strategy. Looking ahead, we continue to identify and evaluate an active pipeline of investment opportunities across a broad spectrum of asset classes. And we are optimistic about our ability to deploy capital at a solid pace in various market environments. Finally, as it relates to realizations, we sold shares during the [indiscernible] IPO earlier this month, and have visibility into several transactions, some of which have already been announced that should contribute to fourth quarter performance fees. As we mentioned during last quarter's call, we also expect that the crystallization of carry in several credit funds should be additive to Fund VIII monetizations in the fourth quarter. Partly offsetting these high realizations in the fourth quarter will be an elevated profit share expense of approximately $50 million related to our incentive pool. Depending on the timing of the close of the sale of [indiscernible], we expect that net carry realized in 2019 will be in line with or higher than it was in 2018. With that we will now turn the call back to the operator. And open the line for any of your questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from line of Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks, good morning, everyone.
Gary Stein: Good morning.
Craig Siegenthaler: Can you walk us through the composition of the $8 billion of credit inflows and the quarter by product?
Martin Kelley: Sure. Most of that was coming through Athene actually. So the total capital platforms contributed a majority of that, but Athene organic flows, a pension deal that they did as well as increases in sub advisory mandates across both Athene and Athora. And then I call out the other funds that I mentioned in the remarks.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you, Martin.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Bill Katz of Citi.
Bill Katz: Okay. Excuse me. Thank you very much for taking the question. Good morning. So maybe I'll sneak in a two parter. I guess, on the simulated earnings margin, I'm sort of wondering if you could give us a walk through how you see that progressing as we go into 2020? And then could just clarify the $50 million profit share of what is prompting that relative to the realization activity? Thank you.
Martin Kelley: Sure Bill. So the margin -- as we said, we're mid-50s percent margin that's where we're expected to be. We're pleased with that. And we balanced investments in the platform and growth against revenues that we have a high conviction of. And so, I would expect that the margin, which on a year-to-date basis is mid-50s would be around about that level, as we look ahead. And it really comes down to decisions we make around future investments spend versus revenue so typically follow after your expense the investments. So we're committed to maintaining margins that what we see as best-in-class. And we manage that carefully, but I would think sort of mid-50s as we look forward. And then on the incentive pool, that's a year-to-year plan that we've used now for many years to reward individuals with compensation derived from carry. We make decisions on a year-to-year basis. And attempts to track the timing of realization. So, as we expect realizations this year to be back ended in Q4, we also expect the costs for the incentive pool to be to be back ended.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Hi, guys, good morning. Thanks. Just maybe zoning in on the Athene for a second. The $70 billion of incremental asset purchases potentially with all that excess capital that's between all these various vehicles that you guys anticipate could come in overtime. Can you talk a little bit about maybe the composition of M&A opportunities you see there, given the fact that lower interest rates probably put a little bit of pressure on the more pure vanilla fixed annuity reinsurance transactions? And ultimately, how quickly do you guys anticipate some of these transactions to come through?
Gary Stein: Hi, this is Gary. You couldn't get an answer that's quite like the answer even 2 years ago. And that is predicting timing, we're not able to do that. It's hard to say. Having said that, we also said couple years ago, before we did some big transactions is we have a very active pipeline. And it is interesting is, of course, the decline in rates has caused more on a number of the insurance companies. And that's actually where our competitive advantage comes through to give us an edge, and this is what creates a lot of the flow. And that is so long as we can produce some incremental spread through origination and other capabilities that means we can actually do something that makes sense where the insurers can't make a reasonable profit or get a good return on their capital. So we still see plenty of opportunity to move liabilities our way. And so long as we can continue to add that enhanced spread relative to what they can earn.
Martin Kelley: Yes, the only thing I would add is obviously with the $3 billion we closed down recently in ADIP. It's obviously the limited partners spend off a lot of time reviewing pipeline and other things before committing those dollars. And so clearly, it's certainly not predictable. There's definitely a lot of things to think about and a lot of possible activity or that would be an indication that there is based on their funding for that commitment.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Mike Carrier of Bank of America, Merrill Lynch.
Mike Carrier: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Seems like more recently, we've seen some dislocation in the leverage loan market. Seems more flow driven probably than credit driven. But just curious, if you're seeing any impact in the credit performance or in terms of financing?
Jim Zelter: Well, this is Jim. What you're talking about. There certainly seems to be in the leverage loan market, the new issue market a world of haves and have nots. And because of the proponents of CLO buying and their ability to own CCC paper, there's this tight basket, that the BBB, B- issuers are really having a challenging time. Companies that have wide access do very well, those that don't it's been more challenging. So that there is a bit of weakness in the leverage loan market, really in the BBB, B- sector. I would add that, while the overall economy and the markets are doing well, there's been a fair amount of dispersion this year in the credit markets. BBs are up quite strong, 7% to 8%, where CCCs 7% to 8%, so wide dispersion. And I think that just shows you the maturity of the market. For our credit platform we've really had a strategy of staying very senior, and not really playing a lot of middle market distress that's worked well for us. So there are some pockets of weakness out there. But we -- our numbers are strong. And we feel very good with our strategy and our performance.
Mike Carrier: Alright. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr of Evercore ISI.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thanks. A question on just your assessment on PE performance. Now, I'm not losing tons of sleep given your last 30 years of performance, but last 12 months, not what it usually is. So curious how much that is a function of market environment and prices just not at the place where you normally play, but just curious on how you're looking at that.
Martin Kelley: Yeah. We've just been through review of our entire portfolio. I think that the last nine months performance is up 17 and then the Fund VIII is up 17. And you've had it's 1.5 that just about just about 3.5 years old on average. And so what you've seen is a dispersion between growth and value. And so we feel, I mean, we bought that portfolio at 6.5 times. It's -- the multiples bought back in terms of our mark. And we feel pretty good about where the portfolio is heading. And we're starting to see -- that proposed acquired at about a 5 multiple point discount to the average multiple paid for larger transactions. And I think that the mark on that portfolio is a little bit caught up in, this dispersion as well as maybe a little bit of the downdraft in energy which is behind us now. So we feel very good about where that portfolio is heading and you're starting to see it in our crude carry. And I think you'll see -- presuming that the markets hold out over the next 12 months, you're going to start to see the pickup in realizations, there as that portfolio matures.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington of JP Morgan.
Ken Worthington: Hey, good morning. Just reflecting on the announcement for Athene. It seemed like Athene investors were more enthusiastic about the impact for Athene than Apollo investors were. So as you reflect and you probably feel that more questions about the transactions since your call. Are there elements that you think Apollo investors are sort of under appreciating in that transaction?
Martin Kelley: I think that the Athene transaction, we took a very long term point of view in terms of economically aligning our ownership of Athene and their ownership of Apollo. They now participate with Apollo. And we now have a larger ownership of Athene. And we got rid of the super vote and increased our economic ownership, which we think is more highly sustainable. I mean, what we said on the call was that Athene has a tremendous amount of earnings, but it doesn't pay dividends. So from an FRE point of view, and I think this is maybe one of the things that people are reacting to, it's about 7%, dilutive. Even though some of the parts it's neutral. And if you were to include the economic ownership of Athene's earnings, it would be greater than 40% accretive. And so we obviously are going to discuss a lot more of this in Investor Day, but I think it's just going to take a while for us to get that message out. So I think we're -- and I think maybe the focus a little bit on the short term FRE dilution is what -- I think there's a tremendous amount of benefit to it. And we bought a great -- we made an investment in a great company, and it was very strategic for us. But there might be a little too much focused on the immediate FRE dilution versus some of the longer term benefits and we're going to talk about in the earnings call. We're going to talk about all that more in our Investor Day.
Ken Worthington: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Gary Stein: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Lee of KBW.
Robert Lee: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Actually Martin, could you -- I just want to make sure I understood it correctly, your comment about that realization expectations not so much for Q4 [technical difficulty] to say next year should be similar to was it this year or last year? I just want to make sure I understood it?
Martin Kelley: No, so this year -- it depends on when procedure closes. So if procedure does not close this side of year end, then this year's net carry will be in line with last year. If it does close this side of year-end it'll be more. And then as we look into next year, we expect a significant uptick in net carry in '20 relative to '19.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Patrick Davitt of Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: Hey, thank you, another follow-up on the realization guide. Is it only flat to up versus 2018 because of this $50 million payout is on top of the normal pay out so the gross realized revenue is actually up year-over-year? Is that the right way to think about it?
Martin Kelley: That number is similar year-over-year. It's just -- if we don't have the realizations, then we're not going to make that payment. And so as the realizations this year, more back ended we're expecting to take a charge associated with that also on a back-ended basis, but the amount of the incentive for year-to-year is very similar.
Patrick Davitt: So the percentage of growth should be similar?
Martin Kelley: Yes.
Patrick Davitt: Yeah. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerry O'Hara of Jefferies.
Gerald O'Hara: Thanks, good morning, maybe picking up on the on the aviation lending business for a moment. Just noting here that there was a deal done in the quarter, but also something if I heard correctly, a dedicated first time front. Perhaps you could give a little sense on, where you see the opportunity set in that market and potential growth. It also looks like it's somewhat delineated between the credit platform and the Athene platform. So any color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Gary Parr: Sure. As Martin referenced, we've been in the aviation business for a while. And it's really been on the credit side where we're a midlife lessor. We started under the BBC, we started a company called Merx Aviation, over the last seven, eight years now. They have successfully deployed several billion of capital, purchased couple hundred leases. And today that portfolio has returned nice low to mid double digit returns very successfully. And through the knowledge of that and through the inside of the aircraft space and our asset management skills which have grown as Martin discussed we with conjunction with Athene purchased PK Aviation Finance, which was the debt provider at GE Capital. That was a business that -- from our perspective, the institutional knowledge was transferable. And from our perspective, that's a business that really is a debt provider for commercial aviation business. It's got a 30 plus year track record of very, very, very low defaults. And as part of doing that in conjunction with Athene and our affiliates, basically, what Athene is able to do is create investment grade debt securities that is very, very comparable in rating but is very greater in yield on an investment grade basis. And in doing so, it's a real win for Athene in terms of their alternatives basket on the equity on their investment grade debt holdings. So the PK Aviation and Navigator Finance are separate entities and separate activities. But in terms of the institutional knowledge, they are certainly the part of the beneficiary of our integrated platform.
Martin Kelley: It's also a huge area, there's a huge need for capital. And we see it as an area that's going to grow over time. So we do think that you'll continue to hear more about us expanding that business. And we think we have unique capability. And it's, again, it's just another example of building these origination platforms that go off the run and out of the public markets. And by doing that, we're able to offer our clients, including Athene, but also our LLP clients extra return per unit of risk. And so that's -- it's a hallmark of what we do and it's another example of what we're doing.
Gary Parr: And just to clarify, the transaction was announced in August, so we expect it to close in a couple of phases across Q4 and Q1.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Devin Ryan of JMP Securities.
Brian McKenna: Hi, thanks. This is Brian McKenna on for Devin. So just a quick modeling question for me. The payout ratio has been just north of 90% year to date. Is that a good level moving forward? And then if I look at the DE walk up, the percent of common ratio ticked up to 56% in the quarter. So I'm just trying to figure out where that should be going forward? Because it looks like it's up a little bit from the prior quarters.
Martin Kelley: Sure. So, we'll talk more about the dividend policy at the Investor Day next week. But I think the short version of that is the policy remains unchanged. We expect to continue to pay out a majority of DE as a dividend. And we may institute some minimum related to FRE. And then on the percentage allocation related to cost save. That actually reflects some changes that we have done in conjunction with the conversion to a C-Corp where certain unitholders may charitable exchanges of units for shares. And so there's been a redistribution between [indiscernible] units in that ratio, sort of 56 to 44.
Brian McKenna: Thank you.
Martin Kelley: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Chris Harris of Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: Thanks guys. You mentioned 13 million shares of Apollo stock was purchased by Vanguard as a result of being added to CRSP indices. Any sense on as to how much more stock could be brought based on the other indexes, you guys potentially could be added to?
Gary Parr: Yeah. I think -- look, I think this will play out now over the next close to a year. There's a handful of other indices that we expect to be included in. And they will each add 1 percentage point or 2 percentage points to the ownership. And then around that we expect continue to increase by long only investors and other funds that sort of track the index in some way. So I think the collection of all three of those shows momentum in the stock in terms of ownership in long only or passive hands. In the last couple of months, we've seen that ratio jumped from 35% of the ownership to almost 55% as Josh mentioned. So I'd expect to see that continue to play out overtime.
Josh Harris: And I think what we said in my remarks is that when you look at other, similar peers that have converted before we did, that sort of ownership gets to more than 70% of their public float. So you could see another 15% or 20% of our float if you just use that analogy moving into more stable, like more, deep half.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Thanks for asking the question. I was just hoping to circle back to MidCap, you guys had mentioned the acquisition from PNC of the franchise finance loan portfolio. So just hoping; one, you could just give us a sense of the opportunities set that you see there, maybe a little bit of an update on the MidCap platform build out. And maybe just more broadly how you're thinking about the broader opportunities set for these sort of tuck in acquisitions for expanding the origination opportunities set.
Martin Kelley: Great. So, for us MidCap, a lot of talk about private debt financing in the markets and private capital and we find that most of our peers focus really on the middle market sponsor business. And it's been a hallmark of MidCap last several years to have a variety of incremental activities around revolvers and ABLs and Life Sciences. And this was a small tuck in acquisition from PNC in terms of a franchise finance business; one where there's a long standing history in the sector of granular risk but very, very low losses and very, very low defaults. So a nice business. It fits in very well with MidCap's doing. MidCap is running at mid-teens ROE the last 24 months and we're steadily very, very comfortable with the growth. But I think you'll see more of these small tuck in acquisitions where it can be accretive to MidCap. It's really a specialty lending vertical. And in the changing regulatory landscape, these opportunities are still affordive to us. And again, these are the ways that we want to. We want to stay senior. We want to have industry expertise. We want to have a long standing experience of low losses. And if there are losses very, very high recoveries. And that's really the theme that Josh and Martin, and we've all been mentioning about really adding value on the balance sheet in terms of the asset side, because of these types of investment activity. So things are going well with MidCap. I would suspect we're in a high valuation environment. So we do things that really are accretive to book value. This was something that was done at a level that was accretive to us. But MidCap continues to march along and you'll hear more about that next week.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from line of the Bill Katz of Citi.
Bill Katz: Okay, thanks. Just two things I'd like to clarify. Josh, in your prepared comments, you mentioned something about leadership. I was sort of wondering, you might be able to expand a little bit on it obviously going to go to more next week, but just curious of your phraseology with that. And then Martin, you sort of mentioned that you might link some of that dividend to FRE, I just wonder if you might give us a couple of lines on how you think about that?
Josh Harris: Yes, look, I mean, I think that we continue to broaden our franchise and make it less dependent on a small number of people and more, much more of a broad management team. I think we're -- obviously we promoted Jim and Scott to Co-Presidents a couple years ago. We promoted Anthony and Martin to Co-COOs a year or so ago. And now we're -- and we've announced numerous promotions internally in an opportunistic natural resources. And then we've added, [indiscernible] on the infrastructure side and infrastructure investing side. But what we're going to talk about next week is that we're also doing a lot on the -- what we call enterprise solutions which is the infrastructure of Apollo, it's now renamed enterprise solutions. So, we're going to announce the Head of Communications. I don't think we'll hit next week, but we're investing and very focused on technology and data. And so a series of senior hires in that area, which is very exciting for both the firm and the Funds. And then on the yield side, we have two or three major senior hires. So I think that -- and so we're going to go into all that Investor Day, but really, it's broadly across the firm. We're now -- our management committee is about 14 people. And then we have a leadership advisory forum which is more than 40 senior leaders. And increasingly, we're getting a lot of depth and a lot of bench strength. And we have really great people. So increasingly, we want them to do more and drive the firm and they are doing more and driving the firm.
Martin Kelley: Yeah, I'll just quickly on the second point. So Bill, I wouldn't read anything intuit in terms of a substantive change, other than we would plan to underscore a minimum distribution that could be paid in any quarter.
Josh Harris: We've been hearing from investors that setting a minimum could be beneficial. And clearly our FRE is highly predictable and durable through a cycle and growing. So I think that it's an easy thing for us to do and we're likely to do it. And in particularly, we don't -- and hopefully that will have some positive impact on, people believing that it's durable and positively impacting and we'll get a little more credit for the stock.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Robert Lee of KBW.
Robert Lee: Great, thanks for taking my question. Im going to tried two parter. First, on the Athene transaction, I'm just curious I mean you own 35%, you have an option to buy another 5% down the road. Plus, I'm assuming you're not going to participate in their buybacks. Are there -- is there any kind of regulatory limit to ownership that, you wouldn't want to or be able to go above. And then I'm just curious, if you could give us the fee rate on dry powder?
Martin Kelley: The fee rate on dry powder. The dry powder relates to management phase, is concentrated in credits average fee rate is sort of 65 basis points, 70 basis points. So that's probably a good proxy.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Patrick Davitt of Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: Hey, thanks for the follow-up. You mentioned in the release that 3Q is mostly driven by Tranquilidade which I thought still need a regulatory approval or was that some sort of free distribution and there is still the final closing to come?
Martin Kelley: Yes. Sorry to be miss this thing.
Operator: And that concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I'll now return the floor over to Gary Stein for any additional or closing remarks.
Gary Stein: Thanks, operator. Thanks, everyone for joining us this morning. We look forward to connecting with you next week at Investor Day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Apollo Global Management's Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation all callers will be placed in listen-only mode and following management's prepared remarks, the conference call will be opened for questions. This conference call is being recorded. This call may include forward-looking statements and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to Apollo's most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Apollo will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, which management believes are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in Apollo's earnings presentation, which is available on the Company's website. Also, note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer of purchase an interest in any Apollo fund. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications.
Gary Stein: Great. Thanks, operator. Welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Joining me this morning are Leon Black, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Martin Kelly, Chief Financial Officer and Co-Chief Operating Officer. Our Co-Presidents, Scott Kleinman, and Jim Zelter are also here with us and will be available during the Q&A portion of today's call. Earlier this morning, we reported distributable earnings of $0.56 per share, which led to a cash distribution of $0.50 per share for the second quarter. The quarter's distributable earnings were primarily driven by pretax fee-related earnings or FRE of $0.58 per share. As a reminder, we will be hosting an Investor Day on November 7 and we look forward to sharing more details with you in the near future. With that, I'll turn the call over to Leon Black.
Leon Black: Thanks, Gary, and thank you all for joining us. I'd like to focus my remarks this morning on a handful of topics starting with Apollos ability to generate a stable and growing stream of cash earnings through a variety of market conditions. Next, I'd like to highlight some strategic capital transactions announced during the quarter and provide you with some details on our approach towards responsible investing in conjunction with the report we published yesterday. Finally, I'd like to give you an update on our C-Corp conversion which we announced during our prior earnings call. From there Martin will discuss current quarter results and forward drivers of growth for Apollo before we take your questions.  Over the past 12 months, we have seen significant volatility across various equity and debt markets, including a 20% decline from peak to trough in the S&P 500 before rebound above prior market highs, also more than 200 basis points of widening and high yield bond spreads before recovering to prestressed levels, and finally a U.S. market interest rate consensus, which has swung quickly from expecting more rate hikes to now anticipating multiple rate cuts. In contrast to these fluctuations over the last year, Apollo has continued to demonstrate steady growth in AUM, which has reached $312 billion, reflecting a 16% increase from the prior year with strong visibility into future growth led by Athoras pending acquisition of VIVAT. This AUM growth has been driven by strong fundraising and a substantial base of permanent and long-dated capital. Over the past 12 months, gross inflows have totaled $65 billion and we have deployed $15 billion across our commitment-based funds alone. Together this has driven $51 billion of inflows to fee generating AUM. Against the volatile market backdrop during the last four quarters, our management fees have grown during every quarter, reaching $1.4 billion for 12 months ended June 30, 2019 supported by strong fundraising and very modest sensitivity to interest rate and credit market movements. This growth in management fees combined with an ongoing focus on expense control as a resulted in fee-related earnings of $901 million over the same period, representing 35% growth over the prior year. We believe the significant growth reinforces the strength of our robust business model, which has enabled us to deliver durable and growing fee-related earnings throughout market cycles. Looking ahead, we expect to continue to generate this robust FRE growth through a combination of our organic capital raising and strategic capital initiatives. The funds we manage also have approximately $44 billion of dry powder, approximately half of which will begin to earn fees as capital as invested, providing some visibility into FRE growth just from the AUM we already have available across our platform today. In addition to the strong tailwinds we see in FRE, we expect performance fees to become a much larger contributor to earnings over the next few years as we begin to monetize a substantial portion of the 32 portfolio companies in Private Equity Fund VIII assuming markets remain accommodating. We believe the powerful combination of continued strong FRE growth and a significant increase in performance fees should set the stage for meaningful earnings and distribution growth ahead. Now I'd like to highlight two strategic capital events that will be additive to our earnings over the intermediate term. Last month, Athora, which is one of Apollo's strategic capital initiatives focused on consolidating the European life insurance market, and it signed an agreement to acquire the life insurance business of VIVAT, a Dutch insurer. This transformative transaction, which is akin to Athene's 2013 acquisition of a VIVAT USA in terms of its scale will more than triple authorities Athora's assets under management. The acquisition is expected to close in the first quarter of 2020 subject to customary closing conditions including regulatory approvals. VIVAT represents a significant step in the expansion of Athora's platform, adding size and scale, a new geographic market and organic growth capabilities and the important Dutch market. Importantly, we continue to see significant opportunity for future growth in European insurance. In addition, we continue to raise capital for the Athene/Apollo Dedicated Investment Program or ADIP, a vehicle which we'll invest side by side with the theme for sizable insurance acquisition as well as pension risk transfer and other transactions. To-date, we have closed on nearly $1.5 billion of commitments and we are targeting $4 billion of commitments in total by year-end. My remarks up to this point have been focused on certain strategic capital initiatives as well as the strong economic results that Apollo has generated throughout the years. I also want to spend a few moments discussing our firm's long standing commitment to responsible investing. Last night, we published our 10 Annual ESG report highlighting a decade of consideration as to how environmental, social, and governance or ESG issues impact the firm, the companies in which Apollo managed funds invest the communities in which they operate and the world at large. At Apollo, we believe in the importance of incorporating ESG factors into our investment management strategy and then work closely with the portfolio companies of the private equity funds we managed to help introduce or implement best practices in many respects. The portfolio companies of the private equity funds we manage employ more than 350,000 employees in aggregate and the firm with the combined revenue of all these companies would rank as the 33 largest company among the S&P 500. Together, these companies have employed more than 15,000 veterans, there in 2018 alone, the company's made charitable donations of nearly $300 million and their employees volunteered more than 120,000 hours. These are just a handful of many constructive items highlighted in our ESG report, which we are excited to now make available to everybody on Apollo's website. Lastly, as Apollo approaches its conversion from a publicly traded partnership to a C Corporation, we look forward to sharing our exceptional 29 year growth story with a broader set of investors. As we noted on our last earnings call, we continue to expect that our conversion will take place during the third quarter following their seat of regulatory approvals. As a reminder, we believe our conversion to a C-Corp can create a number of benefits for shareholders, including one a simplified structure and the elimination of the K-1 form; two, an enhanced liquidity and the potential for reduced volatility for our stock; three, the potential for inclusion in a number of industries, such as the CRSP, the MSCI and total market indices, which is particularly important given the increasing flow of assets into index and passive funds; four, as a C-Corp, we believe it will be easier for many new investors to own our stock; and finally, five, we already have seen an increase in the valuations of APO as well as the valuation of our peers that have already converted and we believe that our conversion presents a further opportunity for value creation for all of our shareholders. We believe our stock is a compelling investment that current valuations and we hope that with this conversion to a C-Corp we can continue to reduce the barriers to owning our stock and close the gap between where we trade today and where we see the true intrinsic value of Apollo. With that, I'll hand it over to Martin to discuss the power second quarter results and ongoing drivers for growth across the firm. Martin?
Martin Kelly: Great. Thanks Leon, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start with the results for the quarter which we believe reinforced the strength and stability of our fee related earnings, as well as continued growth and diversification across the Apollo franchise. We reported distributable earnings of $230 million or $0.56 per share for the second quarter driven primarily by fee related earnings. Pretax fee related earnings of $239 million or $0.58 per share. We're complemented by a modest amount of realized performance fees and realized investment income, principally generated by monetization activity in private equity and credit. For the 12 months ended June 30, 2019, FRE total $2.19 per share reflecting 35% growth over the prior 12-month period. This growth were supported by 21% management fee growth over the same period and an emphasis on efficiency and cost discipline driving margin expansion despite ongoing investment as we grow across each of our segments, revenues from management fee have comprised approximately 90% of our total fee related revenues historically and have been supported by a durable base of fee generating assets under management, more than 90% of which is permanent capital or in funds with contractual life of five years or more at inception. We remain focused on growing our FRE since it is a reliable source of cash each quarter, regardless of whether we have any significant realizations from the funds we manage. We declared a $0.50 per Class A share, cash distribution in a very light realization quarter, bringing the total Class A cash distribution for the 12 months ended June 30 2019 to $1.98 per share. Advisory and transaction fees of $31 million in the quarter, included co-invest fees related to Hybrid Values, Direct ChassisLink transaction and some capital deployment in Credit and Real Assets. Transaction fees can be variable on a quarterly basis since they had generally tied to the pace of capital deployment. However, for the last three years transaction and advisory fees has been more than $100 million annually and we remain confident in our ability to put money to work with a value non bias despite generally elevated market bias. I want to note that during the quarter, the long-term amended fee arrangement with the sane formally went into effect, retroactive to January 1, 2019. As a reminder, Apollo has been recognizing management fees from a same under the terms of the new fee arrangement since the first quarter and we have provided disclosures in connection with the revised arrangement on Slide 10 of our earnings presentation. Turning to investment performance. Our net accrued performance fee balance grew 20% in the quarter supported by positive marks across our Credit, Private Equity and Real Assets businesses. In private equity our funds private portfolio company holdings appreciated by 4.1% during the quarter. While the funds public portfolio company depreciated by 0.9%. In aggregate the private equity funds we managed appreciated by 2.5% during the quarter, as revenue and EBITDA growth remained with long-term trends. Fund VIII appreciated by 4.2% in the quarter, bringing 2019 year-to-date appreciation to 8.9%. In credit, we generated positive performance across the board with gross returns of 2.3% for corporate credit, 4% for structured credit and 3.3% for direct origination. Outperforming the S&P leverage loan index total return of 1.7% and the Merrill Lynch High Yield Index Return of 2.6%. During the quarter there was negligible impact to credit results from energy and within our credit business energy constitute 2% of our credit AUM extra things. In Real Assets the aggregate appreciation across the portfolio excluding real estate debt was 0.3% for the quarter and 4.8% for the 12 months ended June 30. In capital management activities, we further strengthen that balance sheet liquidity profile during the quarter, completing $325 million private placements secured by balance sheet assets and off sizing our prior debt offering by an additional $125 million. Although we have an asset light business model, we remain focused on optimizing our access to liquidity that we can use to take advantage of opportunities that may present themselves during the next downturn. In addition, we continue to buyback shares with the intention of immunizing share count from employee related issuances. I'd now like to move on to asset growth, which forms the basis for growing management fees and ultimately fee related earnings. During the second quarter, Apollo saw growth inflows of $12 billion, primarily driven by same flows and capital rising across a number of credit and other funds. Over the last four quarters, gross inflows total $65 billion during a period in which we did not raise a flagship private equity fund and over that timeframe we've grown AUM by 16% and fee generating AUM by 17%. The robust level of asset rising we've achieved is consistent with the growth trends. We've been able to demonstrate not just over the past three or five years, but since our IPO eight years ago. Looking ahead, we remain confident in our ability to drive strong AUM growth across the platform, fueled by the fundraising across capital - strategic capital initiatives, and a variety of vehicles focused on strategies within each of our businesses as well as ongoing capital rising for managed account. With regard to deployment, which remained robust in the second quarter, funds managed by Apollo put $5 million of capital to work across commitment based funds and over the 12 months ended June 30, capital deployment and commitment based funds has been $15 billion. This is in addition to capital we've put to work across managed accounts, evergreen funds and other investment structures and in spite of the market environment in which valuations have remained elevated. During the quarter private equity fund at nine closes on its acquisition of Smart & Final, which marks the second time Apollo funds have owned that business. Fund IX also announced to take private of Internet consumer retail, Shutterfly and the simultaneous acquisition of Snapfish as well as the acquisition of a number of radio stations and a national advertising business from Cox Media, which is in addition to the previously announced acquisition of Cox TV stations and other assets. Now Hybrid Value Fund also closed on the acquisitions of Direct ChassisLink and Blume Global. And combined with racing commitments Hybrid Value is now approximately 30% committed or invested, after having just held its final close in March, reflecting the strong investment pipeline in place for on U.S. private equity strategy. Looking ahead, we continue to identify and evaluate an active pipeline of investment opportunities across a broad spectrum of asset classes and are optimistic about our ability to deploy capital at a solid pace in various market environments. Finally, as it relates to realizations we continue to expect the carry realized in 2019 will be higher than it was in 2018 and 2020 should be higher than 2019. We expect the 2019 exit activity in Fund VIII we'll be concentrated in Q4 and the carry from Fund VIII will be supplemented by the crystallization of carry in several credit funds. With that, we'll now turn the call back to the operator and open the line for any of your questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Alexander Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: Hey. Good morning, everybody. Leon, I was hoping to first touch on the lower interest rate environment and pretty rapid change in expectations here and just thinking about whether they could accelerate some of the insurance activity with [indiscernible] waiting on for a little bit of time now, whether with faster kind of risk transfers and fixed annuities or variable annuities or other kind of longer dated insurance products that could sort of accelerate some of the growth at some of your primary capital product?
James Zelter: Alex, this is Jim Zelter. I would say, as you pointed out, there's been a pretty strong reversal in expectations from last fall, interest rate rising to what's happening or what is proposed and was suggested today by the Fed in terms of lowering rates. You know, I would say that we have been active in our acquisition pipeline. I do think that that this rate environment overall and the success of companies that have made the decision to sell either fixed or variable annuities, they've been rewarded by the equity market for making that call. But we're not seeing a dramatic shift in activity. There's a strong pipeline. But I would not  I guess I wouldn't say that the change in new rate outlook dramatically has increased that since last fall. There's a variety of assets and products for sale. We've been successful in some of them in the U.S. and in Europe. But I think overall, the rate environment, the dramatic change in expectations has not caused a rapid increase in the portfolios or the businesses lines for sale.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Lee of KBW.
Robert Lee: Great. Thanks taking my questions. Maybe going back to the conversion, I make this kind of a two part if I may. First thing is, and I think you've talked about this previously, but some of your peers who've converted have changed their dividend policy to kind of more of a fixed quarterly reinvesting the rest or maybe you're in true-up. So can you update us on your thinking on that, around the conversion? And then second conversion question, understanding expectations is to sometime this quarter, Ive just kind of curious why most of your peers are able to kind of pinpoint a specific date like June 1 or whatever it maybe kind of  should we be thinking that this is like last day of the quarter, first to the fourth, and just kind of try and get a clearer sense of like an actual conversion date.
Martin Kelly: Robert, this is Martin. I'll just make this point. So with respect to the dividend, we don't expect any changes from what we've previous you said, which is we expect to pay out substantially all of our cash earnings subject to what we need to do or trying to operate the business. We are constantly evaluating alternatives and meeting with shareholders and listening to opinions. And we run a balance sheet model, and we plan to continue that. And on balance what we've heard is that the more favored form of capital return is through a higher payout then through repurchases. So that's our composition. We'll continue to evaluate it, but we don't fine tune to make any changes on that as we go through the conversion. And then with respect to the date, we are subject to a couple of regulatory approvals, which are a consequence of affiliations with insurance companies. And so we're confident that it will happen within or by the end of the third quarter, we are mindful of the rebalancing dates for the different indices in particular CRISP. And so we continue to monitor that. But it's a process that is largely outside of our control. And so while we hope that we could get done before the CRISP rebalancing date, we don't have any particular clarity in that, but we expect to be done by the end of the third quarter.
Robert Lee: Great. And if I could maybe do a quick follow-up on, maybe on Athene, and I know you guys have addressed this multiple times, but clearly there's some investor reticence or push back against the Athene relationships. So could you maybe help us again kind of walk through kind of how you view not just the fee structure versus kind of what's out there, but also maybe dive into a little bit more some of the other services maybe you're bringing to Athene that are not as widely appreciated whether it's the co-invest vehicle or M&A, whatever it may be?
James Zelter: Great. This is Jim, again. So I think that we have been consistent the holistic broad historic relationship, which has allowed Athene to be created 10 years ago and resulted in the company. Today, it is multifold. Certainly, we add a lot of value in running the assets day-to-day, quarter-to-quarter and have done so and have provided a very strong return vis--vis the peers on a risk adjusted basis. So first and foremost, we are an asset manager for them and believe we've done a great job and added a tremendous amount of value. As you alluded to though, it's really a multifaceted relationship. Certainly, in terms of our ability to help them with capital structure and capital formation like we're doing what Leon mentioned in the Apollo theme diversified insurance partnership, creative ideas on how to give them capital. That's competitive versus their peers. We have consistently provided vehicles, which have allowed them to do that. Secondly, I would say is the strategic M&A pipeline. There have been numerous transactions over the decade where either we, at Apollo led in terms of the structuring, sourcing, the analytical or even the ability to source exclusively, whether it was the Lincoln transaction last year, the Voya transaction, so we've  time and time again been able to show great value on the formation of liabilities, which has really led to the size of the theme today. The third thing I would mention is the creative platforms that we've put together, exclusive platforms such as MidCap, such as our activities in aviation, and a variety of other platforms, residential mortgages, which has allowed them to really bring on assets. These are peers in a scale manner, opted to do so in a risk-adjusted basis, which does not put risk on the balance sheet, but creates extra yield. So really the combination, I've listed four there. So it's the asset management. It's the capital formation. It's the strategic M&A and advisory, and then finally the platforms. And I'd be remiss if not talking about the overall risk and asset liability and other skills we provide. So very holistic across the Board and we look forward on November 7 getting into greater detail on all these activities.
Operator: Our next question comes from one of Michael Carrier of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Carrier: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So maybe just on the insurance side of the business, post the enough deal with Athora that you increased the skill. How are you looking at or seeing the organic growth opportunity in Europe versus what we've seen within the U.S., meaning just given maybe some of the differences and some of the complexities, but what you have in place now? And then on a transaction side, whether it's in Europe or the U.S., has the opportunity set, changed much? I think over the past, you said there's been a handful of opportunities that you've been either in conversations or are looking at, but with the rate environment, has that changed or is that you actually accelerated that?
James Zelter: Well, let's  there's a bunch of questions in there. Let's separate them. I would say in the U.S., fairly active, consistent pipeline over the last 12 to 18 months, fixed variable and a variety of other areas that have been mentioned long-term care. We've been pretty judicious about processes. We've been very clear that, what we like about, one of the benefits of our scale is that we can be a scale solution provider. So on the smaller, more competitive transactions, we've probably shied away from those and if not lead in  leaned in as much, but where we can provide like we did with Voya, a multitude of solutions to one counterparty that's where we've really chosen to spend our time. As you point out, the organic business in the fixed annuity business in the U.S. still quite strong. And certainly Athene can comment about that, but they've seen a steady growth in that business. And if someone pointed out earlier, the whole PRT sector, we've made some nice head roads  in roads into that sector and brought on a few transactions. And I think we'll continue to do so. So with a theme in the U.S., there's a multitude of drivers, organic PRT, different lines of business along with a pretty steady M&A pipeline. Switching over to Europe, for the most part, we've really been focusing on the environment in terms of large scale acquisitions like we Leon mentioned with VIVAT. The organic business is a bit different over there and I think in a broader form in November, we can get into that a little bit better. We're still on a regulatory approval process with that. But to your point, I think that what we'd be assuming that broader opportunities in the U.S. multifaceted and Europe a little bit more of the M&A pipeline with some organic growth to follow.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan of JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Great. Good morning, everyone. So question just on the credit side of the business. Obviously it was a nice quarter of investment performance. But realizations in the business had been a little bit lighter recently. So maybe if you can give us a little bit of a perspective on the backdrop for some of the credit strategies, the outlook for realizations in the business moving forward. And then you'll also just kind of given some of the macros and credit, it would seem that potentially a little bit less opportunity given to the markets aren't quite dislocated. So I'm just curious kind of where you are seeing pockets of opportunity to deploy capital there as well. Thank you.
James Zelter: Okay. So just on the realization, so there was a bit of internal when Scott and I and Martin and team have a realigned some of our business lines, some of our principle real estate activities EPF have gone now into private equity. So a little bit of geography there, that vehicle is still generates a nice realization. So for the most of our realizations, have been measured in that business. I mean we've capitalized on a lot of opportunities in that space in credit. So I think we're seeing steady opportunities, but we've been cautious in putting a variety of risk capital to work in the opportunistic funds in credit. Broadly speaking in credit, we've remained cautious for the last couple of years we've continued to upgrade the portfolio in our broad vehicles and add a scene. You've heard me mention before that on a typical year, the overall high yield and loan markets in terms of the new issue market, we historically had bought around 20% of the issues. If you look at the last 6 months to 12 months that number has continued to go down. So 15% of the market. And if you look at some of our flagship vehicles like TRF, the overlap versus loans and bonds versus the index is less than 10%. So we've certainly been striding away from the indexes and the beta risk. I think when you think about credit right now, three ways that I evaluated, I evaluated technically, I evaluated valuations and fundamentals. I mean, I would say technicals remain extremely strong. A lot of solicitation from investors seeking solutions. And good flow is other than in the loan in the bank loan area, which has been a lot of withdrawals of capital, not with us, but with our in the market because of rates. Valuations are certainly high in terms of overall valuations. And I would say fundamentals when we listen to other portfolio companies in the credit side; we're seeing a little bit more muted excitement from the CEOs and CFOs about future growth. So youre little bit of cautionary wind, certainly economic growth off the peak in the U.S. So we've been very much focused on top of the capital structure, senior notes that very little subordinated exposure, same thing in our real estate debt business, much more mortgages versus mess. So we expect there will be a more cautionary environment, have positioned ourselves, but we were very, very fleet of foot in the fourth quarter. We put a lot of money to work in senior loans, did quite well. And we're seeing the benefit of that this year with the compression and spreads.
Leon Black: And I might just add a little bit back on the first point. So in 2017 in credit we did about $0.30 per share of net carry. Last year was less was about half that because of a tough Q4 in the markets. So when you sit back from the carry potentially credit, it's really driven by two things. One is sort of annual style, annual payout funds like hedge funds, which this year are doing very nicely and they're well above their returns thresholds for carry payout. And then this Jordan style funds like structured credit and life settlements, and within relationships, our EPF business, which depend on us at, I think accumulation growth and monetization. And another way to sort of come out this is to refer back to the valuation framework that we published, which tries to sort of look at the carry generating potential of the platform and apply different return assumptions to that and then translate that into a carry potential pressure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I wanted to hear your thoughts on the potential of changing your fee arrangement with Athora from a fixed rate to a tiered structure similar to what you did with Athene, which we think does a better job of compensating Apollo base from the return on risk profile for the underlying assets?
Leon Black: So let me start. Maybe Martin may have a comment, but as you know, we've had an evolution in our fee with Athene when it was a smaller balance sheet growing and the scale of services that we provide. This is really that Athene, Apollo fee 3.0, which we're really in right now. And I would say that we're very  we think that fee is well structured and really aligns our short and long-term interests as fiduciary and its partners. With regard to Europe, it's a bit different because as you know, you're not in NAIC regulatory environment; you're really in Solvency too. As result, the big core of your book is sovereign debt and which has a different fee construct.  So I think what we you'll see is an evolution in our fee structure as we grow Athora over time and we really fine tune the needs of their balance sheets in terms of the sovereign oversight, which was really the duration. There's a big duration portion of that. And then certainly the value add in terms of our multi credit solutions. So I think you'll see evolution of that, but we're comfortable right now with how the authority is structured. There is some different structures with some reimbursement, but overall we think it suits us right now, but certainly it will evolve over time.
Martin Kelly: And I think I would just add. The Athora fee contract today is sort of  I would say it's sort of in between the same 2.0 and 3.0 in the sense that there's a base fee component, which is lower reflecting the asset construction in Europe, but there's also a scaled subsidized advisory, which is dependent on the asset classes that the subordinate assets are put into. So it fits the profile of the platform today, but obviously subject to revision over time.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you, Martin.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt of Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: Good morning, guys. It looks like the private marks and private equity are suddenly starting to look a lot better relative to last year, absent 4Q of course ramping up from 2% in the first quarter to 4% in the second quarter. Could you maybe dig in a little bit more about what kinds of positions or any one position that might be driving that? And should we take this as a signal that Fund VIII portfolio is finally getting to a seasoning level where we can expect better positive private marks that are coming through more consistently? 
Leon Black: Yes, that's a good question. Obviously, last year's marks were affected by the Q4 volatility which had just atypically outsized movement for one quarter. I mean it's hard to sort of point to two quarters and call it a trend. But what I will tell you as Fund VIII is seasoning and as more and more of those investments are coming closer to monetization. The marks are moving towards, I'd say more of a monetization level for a number of these investments. So there's no one name that's sort of sprung up. It really is across a wide variety of the portfolio and consistent with what Martin said earlier around realizations. As we move into later parts of this year, just based on what we have in the pipeline for things in registration, positions moving to sort of secondary trades and ultimately sale processes that we have going on right now. You're going to start to see more monetizations in the back half of this year and then continuing on even more so in 2020. So I think as we move into the more seasoned or fully seasoned, phase of Fund VIII, that that's what you're starting to see.
Operator: Our next question comes from one of Bill Katz of Citi.
William Katz: Okay. Thank you very much for taking the question. Maybe two parts as well. So just to go on that last point, I was wanting as any reason to believe that Fund VIII wouldn't have a historical [indiscernible] associated with it? And then secondly, somewhat related for Martin, just if you think about the FRE margin, I want if you could sort of right sized for what the second quarter might have been absence and lumpy a transaction activity and maybe your go forward outlook? Thank you.
Leon Black: Sure. I mean, look it's hard to make absolute predictions. But based on what we see in the portfolio today and the quality of the businesses in Fund VIII. We feel very comfortable with a consistent [indiscernible] on that fund.
Martin Kelly: Right. And Bill on the FRE, so last year, we did $1.87 FRE at 54% margin. This year if you run rate the first half, we're running at $2.20 at a 57% margin. So it's clearly something we're happy with, but also consistent with long-term growth, which is sort of change to 20% FRE growth. As we look forward, we would expect to see that that growth continued based on what we have in the fundraising pipeline as well as the VIVAT. And as far as the margin is concerned, we're constantly evaluating investing events, investments in the platform, investing for future growth against revenue or as an emojis. So I would say at 57%, for the first half and a bit higher than that for the second quarter. It's in the range, but at the high-end of the range of what I would expect to see in the next couple of years. But over time, we see potential for that to continue to grow.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington of JPMorgan.
Kenneth Worthington: Hi, good morning. I've received an elevated number of questions on Apollo and the risk around Jeff Epstein and was hoping you could comment. There've been media reports linking Apollo executives and Epstein. There have also been reports that certain LPs, including a story this morning, highlighting CalPERS, that they have concerns that executive ties are or could be a distraction for management. So a couple of questions around this. I guess first, is there any link between Apollo and Epstein? Two, how is Apollo managing the fallout from a potential executive ties to Epstein? And is it possible at all to ring fence exposure here? I think the story on Bloomberg this morning suggested a CalPERS. It actually  they're saying CalPERS is taking the matter seriously. So that's the catalyst for the question. Thank you.
Leon Black: Hey, this is Leon Black. I thought it's appropriate. I answer this question or this group of questions, which I think are very valid and good questions. The first thing I would say is that we're entering our 30 year of business right now. And there's nothing that's more important to us than our relationship with our investors. So we take this all extremely seriously. Also there has been a virtual tsunami in the press on this subject. It seems to be the gift that never stops giving for the press. It's salacious. It involves elements of politics, of me too, of rich and powerful people. And my guess is, it will continue for a while. Our view right now is that  it is not affecting our relationship with our investors. I think we have a pretty open dialogue with them. And our view has been that if they do have any specific concerns, as our relationships have been in the last 30 years that we want to be able to talk to them about it and have them feel they have total access to us. As to the substance of the questions, you've just related. I'd like to just share with you in response to all this press coverage. I sent out an e-mail to our 1,250 employees last Friday, which covers a number of the things you've been asking about. And I'm happy to share that with you now, so I'm actually just going to read the e-mail. So quote given the intense press coverage of Jeffrey Epstein following his recent arrest, including stories concerning Mr. Epstein's role as the Director of My Family Foundation. I believe it is important for me to communicate with our valued partners and employees about my relation with Mr. Epstein as follows. Number one, Apollo has never done any business with Mr. Epstein at any point in time. Number two, from time-to-time, Mr. Epstein has provided professional services to my family partnership and related family entities involving tax, estate planning and philanthropic advice. Three, on a few occasions I donated money to certain charitable organizations with which Mr. Epstein was affiliated and he made contributions to certain charitable organizations that are meaningful to me. Four, the Black Family Foundation was created in 1997 with seven trustees, one of whom was Mr. Epstein. Mr. Epstein resigned as a Director of the Foundation in 2007 and State Tax Filings in Delaware correctly removed Mr. Epstein's name as a Director in the years following 2007. Ms. Epstein's name, however, was mistakenly maintained on section 990 tax filings for several years after his resignation. Five, most important I was completely unaware of and I'm deeply troubled by the conduct that is now the subject of the federal criminal charges brought against him. And then I finally ended it, that as we embark on the 30th year of a building Apollo into world class business, operating with integrity in the highest business standards, we should all take great pride in the work we do for our investors. I look forward to the future and I'm sorry if this recent media attention has been a distraction or caused you any concern. That's the memo that was sent out the last Friday to our 1,200 employees, which I now share with all of you. And again, want to reiterate that we don't believe this is having an impact on our business, and we look forward to discussing openly with any of our investors, and any concerns they might have on the subject.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to follow-up on some of the index inclusion commentary. I think earlier you mentioned expectations for Apollo shares to be included in the MSEI and some of the total market indices. I'm just curious around your expectations on potential for inclusion in the Russell. I think your existing common units have some voting rights. So I was hoping you can remind us on the extent of voting rights that are in the units today, how they might change if at all in C-Corp and if you think that's sufficient to qualify for the Russell?
Leon Black: Yes. Mike, the short answer is we're not sure. We have the voting rights that are attached to the conversation yesterday that would need to be operationalized more and we need to engage with Russell as to whether that's sufficient for inclusion. So that's something we plan to do. They rebalanced once a year. So it's likely not something we'll know until we get closer to that next rebalancing date Q2 of next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerald O'Hara of Jefferies.
Gerald O'Hara: Great. Thanks. In your prepared remarks you noted that you remain confident in the ability to deploy capital at similar levels as in a kind of years past. Perhaps you can add some color there as to what you're seeing others somatically or perhaps even geographically that gives you this confidence. And I guess I'm kind of thinking specifically around private equity and perhaps real assets? Thank you. 
Leon Black: Sure. So as noted in the materials, Q2 was a reasonably strong deployment quarter on the back of Q1, which was also a pretty healthy quarter. Based on what we have signed up that will continue into Q3. As we look at the pipeline, somatically, I would say it continues where we've been focusing quite frankly for the last 18 or 24 months. Public to privates, continue to be an interesting place for us from a valuation perspective. Not withstanding some of the indices, there's still enormous value in many, many public companies. As noted, three of the last four transactions we've executed in Fund IX have been public to private. So probably from a broadest team standpoint that's been the focus. Geographically, I'd say there's not any one overriding factor other than North America continues to look strongest to us from just a health of the underlying economy standpoint. And then I'd say just beyond private equity, a number of our other strategies continues to deploy at a very comfortable pace. So on the real assets side, our North American and Asian real estate funds, as well as our EPF fund, continue to find very attractive investments to make on hybrid value. As Martin mentioned in his prepared comments, that that fine continues to deploy incredibly well, that that's just a  that's a very attractive product for the marketplace right now. And they're finding many, many opportunities. I think  and probably some of the best risk return, we see across the entire spectrum. So overall, we feel those reasons you feel pretty good that we'll be able to keep marching along.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Chris Harris of Wells Fargo.
Christopher Harris: Thanks. Can you help me understand, how Athora's business model is going to work in light of all the negative yielding debt in Europe?
Leon Black: Well, good question. I think to start with, on top of the negative yielding environment, the yield which one needs to create for the liability vis--vis the U.S. is a much lower level. So as you point out, if you were a traditional insurance company and your sandbox to invest is a sovereign debt and investment grade corporates. That's a pretty challenging environment. What we have been able to do in spending the years of really understanding Solvency II, and what we can do in terms of  yes, you have a low or negative yielding sovereign debt. But if you appropriately matched that with middle market loans in Europe, if you  other types of a wholesale or a bespoke securitization or a variety of other clause or investment grade yielding assets. Your yield  a target, if it was in the U.S. for Athene, it may be in the mid to high fours, that would be dramatically lower in Europe somewhere in the context of high 2s, low 3s. So I think that we're confident that our portfolio management strategic asset allocation, and our ability to bring a multi-credit solutions, middle market loans, real estate debt as I mentioned to achieve those high 2s, low 3 targets, notwithstanding the negative or low yielding sovereigns. The math does indeed work. And again, I think that's something when we sit down in November 7, we can spend a bit more time on the pathway to get there.
Operator: And that was our final question. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Gary Stein for any additional or closing remarks.
Gary Stein: Great. Thanks very much, operator, and thanks everyone for joining us on the call this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again shortly.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen, for joining Apollo Global Management's second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a great day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Managements First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. During todays presentation, all callers will be placed in listen-only mode and following management prepared remarks, the conference call will be open for questions. This conference call is being recorded. This call may include forward-looking statements and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to Apollos most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Apollo will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, which management believes are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in Apollos earnings presentation, which is available on the companys website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Apollo fund. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications.
Gary Stein: Great. Thanks, operator. Welcome to our first quarter 2019 earnings call. Joining me this morning are Leon Black, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director; and Martin Kelly, Chief Financial Officer and Co-Chief Operating Officer. Three other senior members of our team are also participating on this call, including one of our Co-Presidents, Scott Kleinman; and Jim Zelter; as well as Gary Parr, Senior Managing Director. Scott, Jim and Gary will be available during the Q&A portion of todays call. Earlier this morning, we reported distributable earnings to common and equivalent holders of $0.50 per share which led to a cash distribution of $0.46 per share for the first quarter. The quarters distributable earnings were primarily driven by pre-tax fee related earnings or FRE of $0.51 per share. With that I'll turn the call over to Leon Black.
Leon Black: Thanks Gary and thank you all for joining us this morning. Im pleased to announce this morning that after much consideration Apollo has decided to convert from a publicly traded partnership to a C corporation. The decision that we believe will allow a much broader set of shareholders to participate in the exceptional growth trajectory that Apollo has demonstrated not only since our IPO eight years ago but since our inception nearly 30 years ago. As we've highlighted in the past, we believe Apollo's culture of excellence in conjunction with the strong secular trends across the alternative asset management industry have been the catalyst for meaningful growth across our integrated global platform. Since our IPO in 2011, we have grown our AUM at a 20% compound annual growth rate and this quarter we surpassed $300 billion dollars in AUM. We continue to grow our fee related earnings or FRE, at a similarly strong pace and our FRE has been a predictable underpinning of the significant cash distribution to our shareholders supported by solid margins and high levels of permanent and long dated capital, at the same time the funds we manage have meaningful capital in the ground that should drive further cash generation as assets are monetized. All while continuing to invest in what we believe are attractive opportunities setting the stage for future value creation, we believe there are a limited number of companies in the public markets that have been able to generate the same pace and quality of growth as Apollo and then our view the modest tax friction that we expect to experience by converting to a C Corp should be more than outweighed by the variety of benefits we expect to gain by moving away from our current partnership structure. Throughout our history we have prided ourselves on our relentless focus towards creating value for our investors and we believe that converting to a C Corp is consistent with that goal. We continue to believe our stock is a compelling investment opportunity at current valuations and we hope that by converting to a C Corp we can reduce the barriers to owning our stock and close the gap between where we trade today and where we see intrinsic value for Apollo. We analyzed a variety of factors in reaching the position to convert and we believe there are a number of benefits including one a simplified structure and the elimination of the K-1 form, two and enhance liquidity and the potential for reduced volatility for our stock. Three, the potential for inclusion in the number of indices such as the CRSP MSCI and total market indices which is particularly important given the increasing flow of assets into index and passive funds. Four as a C Corp we believe it will be easier for many new investors to own our stock. And finally we have seen an increase in the valuations of our peers that have already converted or announced the conversion and we believe that our conversion presents an opportunity for value creation for all of our shareholders. We look forward to continuing this discussion with our current and prospective shareholders. And with that I'll hand it over to Josh for some additional thoughts. Around the conversion as well as our quarterly results.
Josh Harris: Thanks Leon. And let me also express my excitement for this significant step in Apollos journey as a public company. In conjunction with our earnings release, we also published some material this morning related to announced C Corp conversion. While I don't intend to run through each of the slide, there are a handful of items, I'd like to highlight in addition to the ones that Leon just discussed first in connection with the conversion our dividend policy will remain unchanged, capital return has been a cornerstone of Apollos value proposition since we went public and our shareholders have consistently expressed their appreciation for the ongoing quarterly cash flow. Turning to the economics of the conversion at the corporate level, on a pro forma basis for 2018 the delusion to Class A shareholder cash earnings would have been approximately 5%, if Apollo had been a corporation for the full year, given a year with low taxable income in our incentive business, looking out over a cycle as realization increased, we expect that the dilution could be in the range of 7% to 9% per year. For many of our shareholders we expect that the ultimate after tax impact will be lower than the corporate level of dilution, on an important note the bulk of the tax increase will be driven by our performance fees. While the impact to our after tax fee related earnings should be minimal, since our FRE is already taxed at the corporate rate. We believe that this is a significant given that FRE is the most valuable component in the sum of the parts valuation methodology applied to our business. At the end of the day, we felt the argument for conversion was compelling and we believe that the impact to our financial result should be more than offset by increased investor ability to those shares an Apollo among other benefit. As we note on slide 6 of the supplemental materials, share ownership of Apollo and its peers among passive and index fund average less than 1% for publicly traded partnerships versus nearly 7% for C-Corp and this figure continues to grow. We expect that the conversion will occur during the third quarter of this year. Moving on to our results for the quarter, which highlights the continued growth and diversification across our business, I'd like to start with some comments around asset growth which has consistently remained strong and has created a stable base for increasing management fees and ultimately fee related earnings. During the first quarter, Apollo saw growth inflows of $25 billion which included advisory assets from Fund IXs Aspen acquisition, assets from stores acquisition of Generali Belgium flows from the thin capital raised across various funds such as hybrid value and total return fund and ongoing flows into managed accounts. Over the past four quarters, growth inflows have exceeded $80 billion. During a period in which we did not raise a flagship private equity fund over that timeframe. We've grown AUM by 22% to $303 billion. The robust level of asset raising we have achieved which consistent with the growth trends we've been able to demonstrate, not just over the past three to five years, but since our IPO eight years ago. Looking ahead we remain confident in our ability to drive strong AUM growth across the platform, fueled by AUM growth across the platform fueled by fundraising among strategic capital initiatives and a variety of vehicles focused on strategy - strategies such as Natural Resources, credit and real estate as well as managed accounts. We have experienced particularly robust growth across insurance which has been driven by a combination of internal growth acquisition and reinsurance transaction Over the last four quarters Athene, and Athora have contributed a total of $44 billion inflows. In addition our third party fundraising efforts through the more traditional channels have generated inflows of $15 billion over the last four quarters. I would also like to highlight that following the segment changes Martin will discuss further our real asset business now has $32 million in assets as of March 31 which is a strong reflection of the diversification of our investment platform and robust capabilities in real estate and infrastructure Turning to capital deployment we had another solid quarter with $4.3 billion of capital invested across the Apollo platform in private equity our funds committed an additional $2.3 million of capital in the first quarter. We closed our first investment for private equity fund IX Aspen Insurance during the quarter. Fund IX also announced two additional transactions. The acquisition of a number of TV stations and other assets from Cox Enterprises and the tape drive that [Indiscernible] of food retailer Smart & Final Hybrid value just recently held its final close at approximately $3.25 billion. And we're pleased to announce that the fund is already 15% committed to our invested and the pipeline remain solid. A methodical in patient approach of embracing complexity combined with our ability to source and structure investment in a creative and flexible fashion has enabled our funds to deploy capital in what we believe are attractive opportunities. We continue to identify and evaluate an active pipeline of investments across a broad spectrum of asset classes and we are optimistic about our ability to deploy capital at a solid pace. As we've said previously, we believe the valuation of Apollos is closely tied to our FRE which is largely based on recurring management fees which we view as predictable  and a predictable and growing component of our quarterly cash distribution. The strong AUM growth we've achieved in conjunction with a meticulous approach to cost control had together created the path for robust FRE growth that we have demonstrated through various market environment with core FRE growing 17% on a compound annual basis over the past five years and margins which are in the mid-50. We expect to continue driving meaningful AUM and FRE growth across segments to organic capital raising and continued strategic capital initiatives. In addition, we have approximately $45 billion of dry powder some of which will begin to earn fees as capital invested providing some visibility into FRE growth just from the AUM we have available across our platform today. Going forward we will remain focused on driving our FRE higher, since it is a reliable source of cash each quarter regardless of whether we have any significant realizations in the funds we manage. We declared a $0.46 per share cash distribution during the quarter bringing the total cash distribution over the past four quarters to $1.91 per share despite like realization activity of that period. Lastly before I turn the call over to Martin, I want to mention we will be hosting an Apollo Investor Day on November 7 where we will be providing our current and prospective shareholders with an update on our strategic objectives and growth expectation over the coming year and showcasing how we have you at Apollo. We hope to see you all there.
Martin Kelly: Thanks Josh and good morning everyone. In addition to this morning's Seekonk news, our earnings presentation issued today reflects some changes, which were made in order to simplify our reporting and make it easier for investors and analysts to interpret our results. We also made some changes at the segment level as we have re-categorized certain assets and their associated income and expenses among segments to better align our reporting with the way these businesses are now being managed under Scott and Jim. Turning to our results, starting with distributable earnings the $207 million or $0.50 per share we generated during the first quarter was driven primarily by fee-related earnings. Pretax fee related earnings of $210 million or $0.51 per share. We're complemented by a modest amount of realized performance fees and realized investment income principally generated by monetization activity in private equity. FRE declined by 18% versus the prior quarter, we grew 58% versus the first quarter of 2018. The lower quarter-over-quarter FRE was driven primarily by lighter transaction and advisory fees. However, we continue to grow based management fees which increased to 4% versus last quarter and 32% versus a year ago quarter. Advisory and transaction fees of .$19 million in the quarter included co-invest fees related to Fund IXs Aspen transaction. As a reminder, the transaction fees can be variable on a quarterly basis since they are generally tied to the pace of capital deployment. However for the last three years, transaction and advisory fees have been over $100 million annually. And as Josh highlighted in his remarks, we remain confident in our ability to put money to work with the value [indiscernible] despite generally elevated marketplace. I also want to note that as of the first quarter, we are recognizing management fees from Athene under the terms of the proposed amended fee arrangement. As we have noted previously, we believe the revised fee arrangement we announced together with Athene last September, maintains the strong alignment of interest that has endured since Athene was founded more than a decade ago. There is no meaningful near-term financial impact under the proposed amended fee arrangement as compared to the previous arrangement. But under the revised arrangement, Apollo will now on a base management fee and a sub-allocation fee as opposed to a base management fee and sub-advisory fees under the prior arrangement. Weve presented some new disclosures in connection with the revised arrangement on slide 10 of our earnings presentation. As a reminder, we have moved to a focus on distributable earnings or DE as our primary earnings metric as we feel that this better represents our underlying operating performance and how we manage the business. However, as you saw in our earnings release from this morning, we continue to disclose pertinent information related to returns by strategy and accrue performance fees in order to provide our shareholders with what we believe is the most complete view of performance across the Apollo platform. Our net accrued performance fees balance grew 12% in the quarter supported by positive marks across our credit private equity and real estate businesses. In private equity the public markets rebound in the quarter drove 16% appreciation in our funds public portfolio companies combined with positive mark to market of 2% for the funds private portfolio. Our aggregate private equity funds appreciated by 4.6% during the quarter. In credit we also participated in the rebound experienced across credit markets during the quarter with positive performance across the funds we manage in corporate credit, structured credit and direct origination. We believe that patient and thoughtful approach to investing in conjunction with our ability to deploy capital quickly when the opportunity arises helped their funds perform well over the past six months a period during which there was a significant market volatility. In times of market dislocation we believe our integrated platform and expertise in navigating various parts of the credit risk spectrum are important competitive advantages particularly as our business model affords us meaningful liquidity and patients to invest behind that conviction. Finally in real assets the aggregate appreciation across the portfolio was 4% for the quarter and 6.7% for the 12 months ended March 31. And this segment continues to perform well With that we'll now turn the call back to the operator and open the line for any of your questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: So maybe just to get the C Corp conversion questions out of the way and some sort of the clean-ups. Can you guys just walk us through what the effect of tax rate is going to be on the business now maybe starting 2020 as kind of the first clean year and how that's going to evolve over the next couple of years and I know you kind of talked about dilution but just in terms of the actual tax rate.
Leon Black: Yeah sure Alex its Leon. So over the medium term through the cycle, we would expect the blended cash tax rate to be in the range of 16% to 18% and that reflects both the  today the blocked and the unblocked pieces most of the increase in the tax costs from the dilution is being incurred on the carry and the balance sheet side of the house with just a modest uptake on the FRE tax rate.
Alex Blostein: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Carrier: All right thanks and good morning. Just on the FRE growth and the asset growth, it's been strong over the over the years, the realized performance fees obviously a bit later this quarter but the outlook you got the higher net accrued performance fees, you guys showed the intent of generating AUM, growing so maybe just some color on the portfolio progress and the outlook you realize I know its tough to predict but just given where things are situated?
Leon Black: Sure, sure. So as I've said in prior quarters and it still remains true, the fund continues to build value 2019 realizations will exceed 2018 realizations. And our big flow years will be 2020 and 2021. So, yeah, I mean nothing's really different from what we've previously said continuing to sort of build value there in the private equity business. Obviously, some of that's going to be market dependent. And but for the most part continuing to build value in the funds.
Scott Kleinman: I just add the average investments about three years old. So it's starting to mature but still a little early in the funds life.
Michael Carrier: Okay, thanks.
Leon Black: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Katz of Citi.
Bill Katz: Thank you very much and congrats on the conversion. Just maybe on margins, you had a really strong FRE margin this quarter and you have just  it seems like a ton of momentum on the AUM side and fee rates side. How should we think about the trajectory now for the FRE margin as we look out over the next 12, 24 months?
Leon Black: Yeah. I mean, I think we continue to think that theres some operating leverage left in the business obviously made a lot of headway and I don't think that sustainably we can kind of keep continue to take  we don't continue to take that type of increases kind of continue to happen but we feel like margin is sustainable and going up a little.
Scott Kleinman: Yeah. And I just say were really pleased with the progress we've made over the last number of years and were now  were balancing investing in the platform with future revenue growth. And oftentimes the cost comes before the revenue so thats the balance that we work through and were pretty concerned about that.
Bill Katz: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan of JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Hey great. Good morning guys and congratulations on the conversion announcement. Question here just on PE deployment so it feels like there's a lot in the hopper right now you've invested I think $1.6 billion in fund IX and it sounds like a pretty healthy pipeline so I don't want to get I guess too far ahead of ourselves here but can you maybe just give a little more granularity on kind of deployment expectations there and then kind of the scenarios for maybe even being in the market for fund X just based on how quickly you're kind of moving on fund IX.
Leon Black: Sure. Sure. So as Josh alluded to in his comments you have a number of deals that are pending to close and should be closing in the coming one or two quarters, you know from our continued deployment our teams are quite busy as we've said in the past, it's a tricky environment and you know we're remaining very disciplined on the investments we do make. And it's inherently like you know unpredictable and so I hate to really try to pinpoint exactly how fast deployment is in any quarter or even in the next 12 months. As far as fund X I think it's premature to be talking about exactly when that'll come. As you guys know you know we're incredibly opportunistic and so when opportunities arise we will lean aggressively into them and when conditions aren't right for what we're looking for we'll pull back. So I think it's tough to sort of give a very detailed  you know, you know a quarter-by-quarter flow, but you know they the  I'll end with you know the deal teams are quite busy, there's a lot of stuff to look at.
Scott Kleinman: Yes, so we're probably 15% committed and nine and our pace has been on average plus or minus $5 billion a year. So with  so you know if you think about that it gives you some context but you know as to how you might think about front end, but the reality is that it's going to be market dependent if you back five star, you know the fact is the market's trading below 15 times and the economy is healthy and so there's good value opportunity right now. The financial markets are open. So we're going to try to continue to do our thing.
Leon Black: And the only thing I would add is that there's been very little on the distressed side over the last five years in the Fund. When you look at Fund VII, two thirds of it was in distress Fund one day, it was less than 5%. You know your guess is as good as ours but we're in the 11th year of recovery and probably with a reasonable probability somewhere during Fund IXs life that there's going to be a heavier emphasis on distressed and when that window opens, there should be a lot more capital deployment in that area. And clearly one of the activities of the PE team right now has been to be reviewing literally many hundreds of companies in the industries that we pay a lot of attention to and where we want to be in the capital structure and at what prices and in some industries where we're getting closer but not quite there and others not but clearly that's a component that has not been active for the last five years but somewhere in the next two or three years may become a lot more active.
Devin Ryan: Great, thank you guys.
Leon Black: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from long of Glenn Schorr of Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: Hi thanks very much. Obviously with all the growth being put  produced from the insurance and credit sides of the business, I have a question on the debt  your view on debt markets, maybe public versus private valuations, competition structuring, things like that where you see value because $900 million of capital deployment in the quarter is okay but you have plenty of dry powder and a lot of growth coming there. So curious where you see value as it relates to how much we can expect deployment there?
Glenn Schorr: Got it. If I could - on slide 10, I like the bottom of - the bottom right of the slide where you give the Athene and AUM breakdown. Could you give just some examples of which assets fit into which of those buckets and importantly which ones drive the higher fees for Apollo?
Leon Black: Yeah. So the yield assets and hire offer assets include real estate lending, mass lending and sort of yield year assets and then as you work your way up to get into COO liabilities, an array of other sort of mid-market type lending exposures. So  and the range on the fees there which we've discussed previously goes - there's a large range around that sort of 6.5 bps at the bottom end, up to 70 bps at the high end. And that just reflects the yield profile of the assets that we're investing on behalf of Athene.
Josh Harris: Yeah. Just to provide a little bit more color, like the core assets or your investment grade public and private book, your core plus assets or some of your mortgages your mortgage first mortgage paper your yield assets or in real estate your senior [ph] and the higher alpha maybe some things like you know a variety of CLO equity and CLO liability. So along the risk curve and along the liquidity curve itself
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerald O'Hara of Jefferies.
Gerald O'Hara: Great, thanks for taking the question. I guess just actually staying on Slide 10 for a moment. Perhaps you could touch a little bit on the growth outlook for Athene and the Athora business. And then you know to the extent you have any visibility or perhaps even preference how you think these asset allocation buckets might look several years down the road. Thank you
Gary Stein: Hi its Gary just from an industry point of view. Part of the overlay of the fill in but it's similar to even two years ago we see a number of opportunities we continue to be active in the looking at these opportunities. Interestingly as things advance one is stable and that is the pressures on the insurance industry, are about the same today as they have been over the last few years. Low interest rates and a lot of big companies needing to reposition within their portfolios by geography or by line of business. So that exists. There are more financial sponsors that are buying the simple annuity blocks. Interestingly there are still very few strategic buyers in the insurance industry so we don't run into that type of competition. And as you'll recall what we really focus on is our comparative advantages and those are two things one is really trying to understand the insurance industry and a lot of verticals within insurance. Were know operating in six different verticals of the insurance industry in Europe and the U.S. we have about 150 people working in insurance and financial services. And so that area, we think we have a comparative advantage to deliver solutions on the second side that's equally important. We begin continue to build out the investment capability for insurance company balance sheets and we think we have a comparative advantage there, we can add enhanced yield for similar risk and we know the regulatory landscape for both NAIC and Solvency II. And as we build out those capabilities that plus our insurance expertise we're in just as actually Scott alluded to and Leon in the private equity. On the insurance platform side we're in a number of active dialogues when the timing will be how we'll come out we never know. But the flow is as good today as it was two years ago. And in that subsequent period we found ways to get things done.
Leon Black: I would just add on the asset allocation side I wouldn't expect would growth to see a dramatic change in the large buckets. We're talking about monetizing and trying to get incremental basis points out of various assets but the core structure of the team portfolio, the core structure of the Apollo portfolio you know there's going to be some changes around the edge but they're not going to be dramatic shifts in the buckets as you model the business.
Gerald O'Hara: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Robert Lee, KBW.
Robert Lee: Great. Thanks and congrats on pulling the trigger on the conversion. Could you maybe just updates we haven't heard much about and with all the Solvency and credit and obviously and Athora. But kind of where you are seeing in the strategic separate account area, I mean you know [indiscernible] going back, is that still, is that part of the funds flow, I mean maybe any update there would be helpful. I mean obviously the investors now, pretty good larger investors want customization, customized reporting, customized  particularly in credit customized risk allocation among various asset classes and geographies and so certainly that is you know credit is growing  grew at 14% over the last four years and you know there's definitely I can't tell you that's a faster growing segment in credit.
Leon Black: Yeah and I would just add you know, our focus last year, you know when you think about the margin contribution of a commingled fund versus an SME, you know we are focused last year was on hybrid value which was very successful for us. We're going to continue to add SMEs in the size and scale that make a difference for us, but certainly we have  you know if you look at our SME, as a percentage of interim or an actual raw numbers, it's around $25 billion. So we think that's, we were a leader early, we've continued to keep that dialogue, we will do so but we're going to make sure we focus on the comingled fund, the sizable, scalable comingled fund as well.
Josh Harris: And you just want to give investors, the way to express their view in whatever structure they want or feel as is right for them.
Robert Lee: Great. Thank you.
Leon Black: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt of Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: Hey, good morning. Thanks for the time. Scott I want to go back to your discussion on the kind of the realization outlook, just curious if that view that 2019 will be better than 2018. It's just kind of a view of the volume of realizations or do you think the cash flow from realizations can be higher than 2018? And within that could you frame the completed and in the announced pipeline of sales expected to come through over the next couple of quarters?
Leon Black: Sure, sure. And so again I'll start with the caution of all market dependent. But to answering the first part of your question around what's coming down  what's coming down from a monetization standpoint. Yeah, look, I think that's ultimately based on our bottoms up build of what coming to maturity, what dividend recaps were aware about, what expected  what expected exits that where companies are now ready to be exited. We have things that have been in the press to  that are on their way to  should be starting their exits. So I'm not going to name specific names but so it's from  it really is a bottoms up build based on when these companies are  we've created the value we're going to create in these companies and are now moving to an exit path.
Patrick Davitt: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning. So just given that the teams balance sheet is now a $114 billion. I'm just wondering how challenging is it to help Athene fine which I think is $30 billion plus of new assets here. And also within that also help Athene migrate its balance sheet into one-third which I think you guys labels differentiated assets.
Leon Black: So if you take a step back  if you look at the core balance sheet now that were over $100 billion. We have about 35% to 45% allocation to core investment grade public and private. So the workhorse [ph] of the vehicle is what's going on in the IT market, we have a leading position in that spot as well as the private placement market. But to your question its success in a variety of areas, it's success not only in structured credit, commercial real debt, which we really have no CMBS for all CRE real origination and then certainly on the residential side as well as a variety of structured vehicles like MidCap. So if the combination of all those that contribute to our focus still at Apollo to create more direct origination vehicles like we've done in aviation in the last 18 months. And there's a varieties that are in the R&D lab to help them out. But our focus our with them is obviously a primary focus and we feel comfortable that the M&A pipeline that Gary mentioned earlier that we're very comfortable our ability to add incremental basis points in returns and again it's been public with all the Athene numbers. We're not talking about hundreds and hundreds of basis points of margin. If you look at the historic outperformance we've done versus other insurance companies, it's averaging that 40 basis point to 50 basis point. So it's a lot of large numbers in doing it day in and day out and we feel very comfortable with our ability to continue to do so.
Craig Siegenthaler: And the size of the $115 billion by the way -- the size of AUM is actually in many cases an advantage in that, I mean I just point out that organically just to get through retail distribution/reinsurance/institutional. Athene is growing relatively healthy -- in a relatively healthy way. And on top of that we're finding that our ability to -- next to Berkshire Hathaway we have the largest  the large amount of permanent capital out there in this business and that becomes an advantage relative to helping other strategic player solve problem that other people really can't do?
Leon Black: And the macro opportunity is still very compelling. Yes, there are other players in the [Indiscernible] and are trying to get into the [Indiscernible] and that's fine that some competition is healthy but the macro picture is, we see over a $3 trillion of opportunity on the life side and probably, half of that on the P&C side. Gary mentioned we're now in six different insurance platforms. And maybe there's been a reasonable amount of underperformance across the industry given the low rates and a lot of companies have used whatever cash they had for stock buybacks or dividends. And there's a dearth of capital now and the need for many of these big companies to sell-off non-performing assets. So hopefully we will get our share of the - of the targets that we're interested in. But we feel pretty sanguine and optimistic about the opportunity, especially given the platform we've built and the team we've put together.
Operator: Our next question comes from one of Chris Harris of Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: Thanks. I just want to follow-up on an earlier question about the tax rate, once the conversion goes into effect, should we be expecting an immediate step up in the 16% to 18% range or will it be kind of a phased in ramp up. And the reason I asked that question is I believe with some of the other all sort of converted, it's been, it's been more of a phased in type thing.
Leon Black: Yeah, Im going to get passed this year because it will be a split year. And  but once we get into 2019, I would expect that because carry Kerry is being taxed, you know for the most part where it wasn't previously, that will  that will be fully reflected and so that, that will get us into that range in the near term.
Chris Harris: Okay. Thank you.
Leon Black: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys:  can you hear me now?
Leon Black: Yeah.
Michael Cyprys: Okay, great. Sorry about that. So on fee related earnings, you guys have touched some impressive growth over the past couple of years and since your IPO, 17% past five years or so. I guess what's the right level of fee related earnings growth that we can expect over the next couple of years and then also longer term and then on the FRE margin itself 55%, how do you think about the upper bound on that FRE margin and if you were in a couple of years from now and it's below 50% what would have happened?
Leon Black: Yeah, so first of all, if you think about the AUM growth rate, right, I think our business you know grows at you know double digit. And then you know it's just that's historically what it's done just organically and then you've got things like Athora or acquisitions what I call the R&D lab and we just come up with you know the insurance platforms themselves and the ramp of Athora has gotten us you know to  you know in the last five years, 15% AUM growth, so even if that  you know so I think in that range, the double-digit going up to 12% 13%, even you know you're going to get some operating leverage into the numbers. And so you're getting that 17% growth which is in excess of your revenue growth. And so I think, that that's likely to continue plus or minus, in terms of the upper  I mean I don't see the margins going, you know, we have industry leading margins and I think that you know it's hard to see the margins going into the 60-plus-percent range. So I think, if we think about the mid-50s going into the high-50s, you know that feels like the right answer. And the reality is that you know the way the business works, it's you know you build the teams and then the revenue drops, but we tend to reinvest that we don't reinvest every last  we don't sort of distribute every last dollar of that operating leverage, we try to reinvest in the platform, we're investing a lot this year and in new teams, new products so we can keep that growth growing, keep that AUM growing. And last thing I'll say, just so you start with the double digit and then you do some different things and the last thing, I'll say is that we have a fair amount of uninvested capital in credit where the fees turn on as you invest and so that could add, if we find good investment opportunities, that could add 200 basis points or 300 basis points to our fee generating AUM. And so you know we often talk about AUM, but you know the fee generating AUM is really what pays the bills.
Scott Kleinman: And let  I'll just answer the last part of your question, which is you know what would have happened if margins dropped below 50%. I don't anticipate that being a scenario. I think, we have a highly durable management fee stream which capital and with little duration to it and so no matter what the markets do there's just not much volatility to the management fee stream and our costs are highly manageable and we play a lot of time and focus and attention looking at that so there could be one-off non-recurring type cost that would temporarily drop it but on a sustained basis I don't see that as a scenario we certainly don't plan for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Katz of Citi.
Bill Katz: Just a follow-up question, I know Josh you mentioned that there's no change in the dividend policy but looking down the road a little bit, I am just sort of curious you have a pretty fat yield right now on a highly visible earnings stream  a pretty durable business model, is there an argument to be made to actually lower the dividend a little bit and think about a different type of capital deployment that might catalyze more of a S&P type yield on that residual dividend, have we thought that through?
Josh Harris: First-off we do have a fat yield. So I am glad you know that, we certainly know. Look I mean we're always thinking about how to maximize total shareholder returns and so we're always exploring that I think at this point  we think a tremendous amount about our dividend policy, at this point we feel like the distribution policy is appropriate, we're always looking at things that might enhance the value and if we were to be convinced about changing the dividend and we do have investment opportunities but right now we're convinced that we have heavy - generate a lot of cash flow and we're capital light and we don't  there's no need to retain the capital we're obviously well rated to retain the capital, where we're obviously well a well rated. And we don't have a lot of leverage and so we feel like the right thing to do right now to pad out, if there was were to be some amazing opportunity or we would feel that the market would value us you know in a better way, if we would stat pay out, we would do that, but that's not how we feel right now.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one more question. Our final question will come from the line of Michael Carrier of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Carrier: Hi. Thanks. Martin just one follow-up on the CCAR conversion, the delusion you know is better than expected and I think you know what you guys expected, you know in prior quarters, just curious what drove that and then is that for common or is it for the overall, for overall?
Leon Black: It's for overall, its  well it's the total cash dilution to a shareholder, across all parts of the structure. And the reason it came down from what we  is we suggested a year plus ago some comments based on -- I think what's changed since then is that we have  were weve incorporated a tax benefit from a 754 election in the numbers and our FRE mix relative to carry Kerry continues to increase. And so I think that over time, has reduced the dilution that you expect to see.
Michael Carrier: Got it. All right. Thanks a lot.
Leon Black: All right. Thanks.
Operator: And that concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I will now return the floor to Gary Stein for any additional or closing remarks.
Gary Stein: Great. Thanks everyone for joining us this morning. Remind you again to save the date for November 7th for our Investor Day. We'll look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude Apollo Global Managements first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Apollo Global Managements Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. During todays presentation, all callers will be placed in listen-only mode. And following managements prepared remarks, the conference call will be opened for questions. This conference call is being recorded. This call may include forward-looking statements and projections which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to Apollos most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Apollo will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call which management believes are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures and Apollos earnings presentation which is available on the companys website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Apollo fund. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications. Sir?
Gary Stein: Great. Thanks, operator. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2018 earnings call. Joining me with me this morning are Leon Black, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director; and Martin Kelly, Chief Financial Officer and Co-Chief Operating Officer. Two other senior members of our team are also participating on this call, including one of our Co-President, Scott Kleinman and Gary Parr, Senior Managing Director. Scott and Gary will be available during the Q&A portion of todays call. With that, I will turn the call over to Leon Black.
Leon Black: Thanks, Gary and thank you all for joining us this morning. My remarks will be focused on the continued strong growth and diversification of our business over the past year despite the significant volatility within equity and credit markets in the fourth quarter of 2018. I would also like to highlight the ongoing drivers of growth ahead for Apollo, including fund-raising and opportunities for capital deployment. From there, Josh will discuss the earnings power of our business, which is supported by stable growing and recurring fee-related earnings. He will also provide you with some color around our recent performance as well as details regarding the increase in the buyback authorization we announced this morning. Martin will conclude our prepared remarks with a few words about Apollos financial performance before we take your questions. I would like to start with some comments on asset growth across the Apollo platform. During the fourth quarter, we generated strong gross inflows of $22 billion, which brought full year gross inflows to $60 billion, including more than $35 billion among our permanent capital vehicles. Notably, this growth occurred in a year where we did not have a flagship private equity fundraise which we believe highlights the ongoing expansion and the diversification of our traditional product offerings and strategic capital initiatives as well as the high level of demand for differentiated returns by our fund investors. Our strong track record through cycles has continued to resonate with fund investors and has led to new and longstanding institutional relationships, not only in successor vintages of flagship funds, but in raising capital opportunistically for new and expanding initiatives. Over the past year, we have raised nearly $13 billion of capital for funds and products that did not exist 5 years ago and we believe our culture of continuous innovation and creativity will serve us well as we continue to build our business. We are tremendously appreciative of our limited partners who have continued to be extremely supportive of our growth and diversification. And as just one example, our top 25 LPs have an average of 8 active investments across the platform, which is a 100% increase from 6 years ago. During Joshs remarks, he will provide some more detail around the individual fundraisers, but I would like to highlight a couple of items that are strategic in nature. During the quarter, Athene, the largest permanent capital vehicle to which we provide investment management services completed its strategic transaction with Lincolns fixed annuity business which helped to grow Athenes total assets to $109 billion, 41% increase over the prior year. In addition to the Lincoln transaction, Athene continues to grow through a variety of well established organic channels with the potential to engage in further opportunistic transactions. Through the strength of our strategic relationship with Athene we have provided them a variety of services including helping them deliver consistent investment out-performance within the life insurance industry. As we noted last quarter, we believe the revised fee arrangement we announced together with Athene in September maintains the strong alignment of interest that is endured since Athene was found more than a decade ago. Turning briefly to Athora, its acquisition of Generali Belgium closed earlier this month bringing its total assets to 15 billion and leaving it well capitalized for further growth. We believe Athora is well positioned to become a best in class solution provider and partner for companies across the European life insurance market, particularly with the support of Apollo as the strategic partner. Moving on to deployment which has been very strong over the past year funds managed by Apollo have put more than $16 billion of capital to work across our credit, private equity and real assets businesses despite a backdrop in which valuations were generally elevated. Our methodical and patient approach of embracing complexity combined with our ability to source and structure investments in the creative and flexible fashion has enabled our funds to deploy capital what we believe are attractive valuations. As the public credit and equity markets begin to experience significant volatility, in the fourth quarter we were able to move quickly and opportunistically to deploy capital often in a variety of situations we have been tracking for months or years while waiting for the right entry point. In an environment like this we leveraged the acumen of our experienced investment teams and the power of the long dated capital we mange to serve as liquidity providers in dislocated markets. We continue to identify and evaluate an active pipeline of investment opportunities across the broad spectrum of asset classes and they are optimistic about our ability to deploy capital at a solid pace. As I have shared with our investors over the past 30 years, my crystal ball isnt any clear than others, but I do have great confidence in our flexible business model which has enabled us to repeatedly generate investment opportunities and ultimately attractive returns in any part of the cycle. Before I turn the call over to Josh as we look towards 2019 and beyond I believe the prospects for the continued growth and expansion of our business are as robust today or even better as they have ever been. I believe that our integrated platform which now employs more than 1,100 people around the world including more than 400 investment professionals enables us to deliver strong long-term investment performance across a range of market environment. At this time last year, we announced the elevation of Scott Kleinman and Jim Zelter to Co-Presidents and the transition has been even more successful than my partners and I could have imagined. This year I am pleased to be able to highlight our recent appointments of Anthony Civale and Martin Kelly to the newly created positions of Co-COOs. Anthony and Martin have been key contributors in building our business over a number of years and are great examples of the deep defensive leadership strength at Apollo. Talent identification, management and advancement are core tenants of Apollos culture. We believe our steadfast focus on these elements has contributed greatly to our successes throughout the years and we will continue to do so as we follow our path of growth and innovation across the spectrum of asset classes, investment solutions and strategic initiatives. I expect that all of this activity will translate into the continued strengthening of our earnings power as we drive our business forward. With that I would like to turn the call now over to Josh Harris.
Josh Harris: Thanks Leon. As we have said previously, we believe the earnings power of Apollo is closely tied to our fee related earnings or FRE, which is largely based on recurring management fees and which we view as stable, growing and a foundational component of our quarterly cash distributions. The fourth quarter was an excellent case study for this. Despite a challenging market backdrop, we reported FRE of $0.62 per share bringing full year FRE to $1.87 per share, which reflects 22% growth over 2017. This growth is consistent with our track record over the last 5 years, a period during which we have grown core FRE by 21% on a compound annual basis. Revenues from management fees have comprised approximately 90% of our total fee revenues historically and have been growing at a compound annual rate of approximately 12% over the last 5 years, supported by very high proportion of permanent capital vehicle and long-dated funds. This growth in management fees in conjunction with an ongoing focus on efficiency and cost discipline has driven operating leverage and significant margin expansion. Going forward, we will continue to focus on driving our FRE higher since it is a reliable source of cash each quarter regardless of whether we have any significant realizations from funds that we manage. We declared a $0.56 per share cash distribution in a light realization quarter bringing the total cash distribution for 2018 to $1.83 per share for the year. Moving on, I would like to provide some additional color on the diverse set of investment products which contributed to the strong $22 billion of gross inflows in the quarter from flagship drawdown funds, evergreen funds and permanent capital vehicles. Starting with private equity, which had inflows of approximately $3 billion during the quarter, we have continued to hold closings for our hybrid value fund, which now has commitments of $3 billion for this inaugural strategy and we have raised approximately $1.2 billion for our third flagship natural resources fund and we remained active in fundraising for this strategy. As it relates to real assets, during the fourth quarter, this business generated inflows of $2.9 billion, the largest component of which was nearly $1 billion of equity that was raised to complete the acquisition of GEs energy infrastructure equity assets. We believe this important transaction provides us with a unique opportunity to expand our existing infrastructure capabilities and launch a new equity investment platform. The foundation of this platform comprises an attractive portfolio of cash generating assets and we believe it is highly complimentary to our existing energy and infrastructure strategies. I would like to highlight that following the completion of the GE transaction as well as other debt and equity fundraising activity in the quarter, our global footprint of real assets now totals more than $20 billion of AUM across the Apollo platform. Turning now to credit, which generated inflows of approximately $16 billion in the quarter and starting with our flagship drawdown funds, we have a fourth closing for the fourth Vintage in our structured credit recovery fund, or SCRF. We are pleased to note that SCRF received total credit risk of $2.5 billion, twice as much as its predecessor fund, and FCI and insurance related fund strategies raising its fourth Vintage. We expect a first close sometime around the end of the quarter. In addition to raising capital for these flagship funds, we also continue to generate capital inflows from strategic managed accounts as well as several evergreen credit funds, including our total return fund which now has more than $6 billion allocated to the strategy. Total return enables us to navigate the opportunity set across the liquid and performing credit spectrum of our integrated platform to help our fund investors and their search for yields. In addition, our liquid opportunistic credit strategies, which are designed to take advantage of dislocations in the market through long and short exposures, now have approximately $3.5 billion allocated to them. Finally, among our strategic capital initiatives, during the quarter, Athene had inflows of more than $10 billion, of which included $7.5 billion of assets in connection with their reinsurance transaction for Lincolns fixed annuity assets. Before I turn the call over to Martin, I would like to discuss the $250 million increase to our share repurchase plan announced this morning. As we have stated previously, its our intention to programmatically immunize dilution from employee share issuance and this remains the case. Approximately $60 million remaining on our existing authorization and given the recent volatility in Apollos share price, we felt this was an opportunity time to upsize the authorization so that we could continue to manage our share count and also have the option to opportunistically buyback shares in the open market. As the firm, we are continually present with numerous alternatives to invest capital for strategic growth and we balance this strategic need against our view that Apollo is a significantly undervalued company. We believe that the current share price does not capture the inherent strength of Apollos business model, growth prospects and long-term strategy that Leon and I have discussed this morning. We also believe we will continue to benefit from strong secular tailwinds in our industry including the search for yield and the ongoing flow of assets from active management to passive management and alternatives. During our Investor Day 4 years ago, we laid out a path for growth that we believe was achievable over the next handful of years and we have surpassed our highlighted objectives with respect to AUM growth, platform diversification, margin expansion and profitability amongst others. In the 4 years since Investor Day we have grown our AUM by 70% to $280 billion, nearly half of which is permanent in nature. At the same time our annual management fees have grown by more 40% to $1.3 billion. Our core fee related earnings have grown by more than 75% to $770 million for the year and we have meaningfully diversified our product offerings across each of segments. You may have seen the detailed framework we published last year, which illustrated how we think about value in Apollo. We expect to publish an updated version shortly that we believe continues to make a compelling case for significant upside in Apollos shares. With that I will turn the call over to Martin.
Martin Kelly: Thanks Josh and good morning again everyone. Starting with distributable earnings the $262 million or $0.61 per share after tax that we generated during the fourth quarter was driven primarily by growth and stability of our fee related earnings as Josh has highlighted. Fee related earnings of $256 million or $0.62 per share were complemented by a modest amount of realized performance fees and realized investment income principally generated by monetization activity in private equity. FRE grew 30% versus the prior quarter and 36% versus the fourth quarter of 2017 supported by both management fee growth and advisory and transaction fees. Advisory and transaction fees of $70 million in the quarter were driven by co-investment fees related to the Catalina, GE and LifePoint transactions. Although transaction fees can be variable on a quarterly basis since they are generally tightened to the pace of capital deployment, our full year advisory and transaction fees for 2018 of $112 million are very comparable to last years aggregate fees of $118 million. In contrast to our strong and growing FRE our economic net income or ENI for the fourth quarter was negative $1.01 per share post tax and was significantly impacted by the depreciation of Athenes stock price and our private equity public portfolio during the quarter. The face value of Athene decreased by 22% quarter-over-quarter reflecting the lowest stock price, modestly offset by the removal of the liquidity discount on the shares held on our balance sheet. This had a negative $0.51 per share impact on our economic income in the fourth quarter. In light of how our business is evolving we expect to continue to emphasize FRE and to report distributable earnings or DE as our primary earnings metric going forward as we feel this better represents our underlying operating performance and how we mange the business. Next I would like to provide some context behind the quarters net performance fee generation. In terms of fund performance we saw meaningful volatility and dislocation across public equity and credit markets during the quarter which led to a negative unrealized mark to market result across our private equity and credit portfolios quarter-over-quarter. As a result total performance fees for the quarter were negative $0.92 per share net of profit share. In credit we were certainly not immune to the mark seen across public credit markets during the fourth quarter. And on an aggregate basis the funds we managed generated a blended gross return of negative 2.1% during the quarter. Although this compared to negative 3.5% for leveraged loan indices and negative 5% for high yield bonds. For these same funds, Apollos full year 2018 credit performance remained a positive 2.2%, outperforming both leveraged loan indices, which increased by just 0.4% and high yield indices, which declined by 2.3% over that time period. As a reminder, the credit performance statistics we provide are gross returns that aggregate the performance of all of the credit funds we manage across a range of risk return profiles, excluding Athenes non sub-advised assets. In private equity, the portfolio depreciated by 10.9% in the quarter driven by publicly traded holdings which depreciated by 29.1%, while the private holdings in the funds we manage were marched down by 3.6% in the quarter. We note that more than half the mark-to-market movement in our funds public holdings was driven by 5 companies whose stock in each declined by more than 25%. In real assets, our investment performance, as measured by the U.S. real estate equity business was down 0.3% during the quarter, but remains up 10.2% over the last 12 months and this segment continues to perform well. Finally, we note that as of January 29, Athene shares have bounced back 6% in the quarter and our public private equity portfolio has recovered by approximately 14%. With that, we will now turn the call back to the operator and open the line for any of your questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Robert Lee of KBW.
Robert Lee: Great. Thanks. Good morning and thanks for taking my question.
Leon Black: Good morning.
Robert Lee: Maybe at a high level I wanted to ask about your overall insurance strategy? So, when you think about Athene, Athora, Catalina all kind of driven by your view on shifting insurance markets, I guess FCI is the same thing. I guess maybe there is a two part question this. How do you see that resonating with LPs and then maybe more importantly in a way, I mean its been obviously very successful so far, but what can throw a monkey wrench into that? Is it changing regulatory landscape? Is it just trying to get a sense on its been so successful what could maybe derail that or whats the investor acceptance been?
Gary Parr: So, its Gary Parr speaking, I think maybe Leons reference to the crystal ball predicting where monkey wrenches are is always difficult to do. Lets turn it around as to the opportunities. Today, we talked about this 2 years ago with you all about where the opportunities in the landscape and most of what we see today is similar and there are similar opportunities for the platform. Whats interesting is we have more strategic partners today. As you talked about, we added more capital to Catalina in the course of the last 12 months. We now fully capitalized Athora. And it is  Athora has spent a lot of time building out the platform. So when you look at the landscape, for example, in Europe, the pressure is on the companies there from Solvency II, actually you are getting more pressed, the notion of which geographies, companies will position in has been an increasing pressure on a lot of large companies. So, we see opportunity there. In the U.S., the issue is similarly in lines of business where people are exiting certain legacy lines of business. Interestingly, in the last 12 months, to use another good example, Catalina and FCI work together to do a transaction where it was workers compensation line of business, but it could be actually split into two components, one that fit in there with FCI and one that fit into Catalina. So we are finding ways again you have heard us talked about solutions. We have a number of these different strategic affiliates and our partners where we can try to deliver solution. So, the landscape still looks attractive to us. There of course, we have competitors in certain of the lines or the certain components, but actually incoming with solutions where we are actually uniquely positioned.
Josh Harris: Yes. Actually, there has been significant LP acceptance of it, as kind of demonstrated by the permanent capital vehicles we continue to raise, and then the FCI fund that we talked about we have got numerous other things that were thinking about but like the reality is, as Gary said, we are the largest things dont come in any packages and certainly the easy stuff is being copied, but the ability to navigate multiple lines of insurance and solve problems for insurance companies is really unique to us and were going to continue to innovate and stay ahead of what everyone else is doing.
Leon Black: And clearly the proof is in the pudding as you can see with the recent Lincoln transaction, and last year, the Voya transaction, which was pretty creative and unique and what just happened with the closing of Generali Belgium so yes, it is a competitive landscape, but I think given our scale and the different platforms we have and the different management groups and the capital, I mean, I think Athora is the best example we are now at $15 billion of AUM there, but were capitalized to be able to take it up to $50 billion if and when the right opportunities arise.
Robert Lee: Alright. Thank you very much.
Leon Black: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Thanks. Hi, good morning guys.
Leon Black: Good morning.
Alex Blostein: So, wanted to ask you about deployment that you saw in the fourth quarter and obviously some of the forward comments that Leon made about the opportunity so I guess, how are conditions from a financing perspective evolved over the course of the fourth quarter and Im really just trying to get to what sort of changed between some of the traditional bank sources and alternative sources and what implications that sort has for your business? And again, Leon, to your point about the environment and seen more attractive opportunity to deploy any kind of color on where youve seen the most attractive opportunities right now, whether in private equity and credit would be helpful? Thanks.
Leon Black: Yes, so Ill start, but on the credit side, certainly the volatility in December provide us the opportunity to deploy a bunch of capital was short lived in the sense of the credit markets rather in January, and weve recovered a lot of what they had and retraced some of the losses and so we took advantage of it you have things are very quick these days you have to be prepared in terms of financing, Ill start, but then Ill turn it over to Scott I mean, we were able to the financing is still available, I mean, the credit markets hung in there obviously, when youre doing larger financings, you need to have multiple banks involved, because theyre large commitments, but and certainly they some of the terms and the rates backed up but it was still available it just got more net and some of the costs got higher and the covenants got a little tighter Scott, I dont know if you have anything to add?
Scott Kleinman: No, I would just reiterate what youre saying I mean, obviously over the holidays, the combination of the holidays plus thats when we saw some of the highest volatility banks pause for about a week before and week after the new year, but otherwise, banks are providing financing certainly, similar quantums in the last year, as Josh said, at slightly higher slightly higher cost of financing but for attractive deals, the financial markets are still there for sure.
Leon Black: The significant drawdown you saw in the equity markets, you saw some drawdown in the credit markets, but it was much more needed and retraced more quickly so we didnt see as much opportunity as we would hope.
Alex Blostein: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Carrier: Thanks and good morning.
Leon Black: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Carrier: Hi given the challenging quarter on the PE side in terms of performance, can you provide an update on how the underlying companies are performing versus the public market volatility? And more importantly, just how you think about the exit in realization outlook over the next few years?
Scott Kleinman: Sure. So from a performance quarter, notwithstanding the equity market volatility, Q4 continued the trend that we had seen for much of the year, solid mid-single digits across the portfolio on average, sort of mid-single digit revenue and EBITDA growth across the portfolio the vast majority of the companies are in very good shape, but the one or two incidence is not, its more of an idiosyncratic Company specific issue, rather than seeing the signs of some broader macro issues there so we continue to feel good about sort of the underlying performance into 2019 across the portfolio look, as far as exit and monetization, its pretty consistent with what weve been saying for the last few quarters, which is 19 should be assuming thats not a massive market meltdown 19 should be better than 2018 and 20 will be better than 19 as we have a funding that is reaching maturity and well be able to start, I think, in a more meaningful way start to monetize investments in the interim, weve been weve been executing dividend recaps where prudent and we will continue to do so but yes, thats the outlook.
Martin Kelly: Look, clearly what weve seen in our portfolio is a microcosm of whats been going on between the markets and the underlying economy in the U.S., where the fundamentals actually have been pretty attractive as Scott just said vis--vis our own portfolio in terms of revenue and earnings growth, but the market got very skittish, obviously, in the fourth quarter in terms of stock volatility I think our view is just to keep our heads down and just keep producing good quarters of earnings until the market becomes more rational again, thats when youll see more monetization.
Michael Carrier: Okay, thanks a lot.
Leon Black: Okay thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan of JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Great, thanks. Good morning. The question is on performance fee generating AUM within credit, it declined about $10 billion in the quarter I know theres always going to be some moving parts within that and then did you kind of trying to think about the drivers of that decline it just seems kind of like a big number relative to the blended declining credit performance is down doubt about 2% if theres any other detail you can give that would be helpful?
Leon Black: Yes. Sure, Devin. Its the 2% markdown across the book and it was concentrated in a loan fund that has an 8% profile and over the last number of quarters, its been on or around that level and its flipped in and out of carry a number of times so thats half of it and the other half is some CLO structures that fell below their carry [indiscernible] a decent as Josh mentioned before, a decent amount of that has reversed itself in Q1 so far with the rebound in the credit market.
Devin Ryan: Great. Terrific. Thanks.
Leon Black: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Harris of Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: Yes, thanks. Martin, a quick one for you how should we be thinking about the growth rate of your expenses for 2019?
Martin Kelly: Yes. So with the increase of margins, FRE margins are up to 54% and thats been a steady trend now for some years we are very focused on expense management and we would expect that will continue and well sort of shape the expense space around revenue growth I think, in terms of non-comp, I would expect non-comp away from placement fees, which is specific to particular fund raisings non-comp expenses should be sort of inflationary growth and then on comp, we may selectively invest more in people this year, but we will do that carefully around revenue growth as it emerges.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz of Citi.
Bill Katz: Okay, just following up on that last question thanks for taking my question as well. Obviously, you gave a pretty strong margin in the fourth quarter, transactions were up somewhat we saw 11% just as you think about whats the right start point for FRE margins as you look into 19, so against the revenue expense dynamic you just pointed out?
Martin Kelly: Sure. So yes, so Q4 was high given the transaction fees at 60% thats in our current footprint, thats not sustainable and that sort of brought the full year FRE margin to 54% we wouldnt expect to see that go down and so we will manage our expenses around that so I would expect at or around that level slightly up is sort of where you should expect to see the margin.
Bill Katz: Thank you.
Leon Black: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning.
Leon Black: Hi, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: So, credit had a gross return of negative 2% in 4Q, and I see you highlighted strengthen of permanent capital vehicle. So, Im wondering if you could provide some color on how MidCap and the credit drawdown funds performed, especially the drawdown capital that sits inside of Athene?
Martin Kelly: MidCaps performance was as it has been. Its  MidCaps assets are largely almost exclusively first-lien lines with strong protection, and very, very small low single-digit default rates. So MidCap, theres nothing to call out about MidCaps performance in the quarter, thats any different from whats been. And then Athene, Athene doesnt have much at all in the way of assets that are in drawdown funds. The far majority of their funds, their assets are invested in loans  performing loans and sort of higher grade commercial real estate debt. So, theres not much to speak off at all in drawdown funds on Athenes balance sheet.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you, Martin.
Martin Kelly: Sure. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt of Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: Good morning. Thank you. Scott, this is probably for you. You caught out a few idiosyncratic problems in the portfolio and I think whether its fair or not those idiosyncratic losses or marks over the last year have created a perception that your portfolio might be a bit carrier or riskier than others in the comp group. Through that lens and as you look through the portfolio now, do you think that those handful are the ones that we need to worry about and the pain has now passed and we can kind of move forward from that?
Scott Kleinman: So, Im going to pick up on a comment Leon made about separating the marks versus the underlying situations. The names that have probably caused more of the volatility in the portfolio, some of the bigger, public marks are actually performing quite well. The  its really a matter of working through and getting the market to appreciate the value being created in those companies. As far as some of the idiosyncratic or situation specific issues in the portfolio, you know that related to one or two names particularly around some names in the energy space, where there has been some activity and I think the portfolio is pretty conservatively marked. I mean, as a portfolio in general, I think we have leveraged across the Apollo PE portfolio today about as low as I can remember it. So, incredibly defensively postured to the extent of any type of downturn should want occur over the next 6 months, 12 months, 18 months. So, I actually feel pretty good about where the Apollo portfolio is from a fundamentals and a defensibility standpoint. Really, the focus for the existing portfolio right now is driving towards exit opportunities for this portfolio, some of which is going to be market dependent and some of which is going to be creating opportunities that weve been able to do in the past.
Leon Black: I would just add, the fund aid is now at 17% returns, so you cant really do it quite well. You cant really, its still early  its still a bit early  
Josh Harris: Two and a half years.
Leon Black: Two and a half years on average. So, I think like its doing fine and we have  overall, where you may have served around three times leverage-ish, a little bit more, but its very under leveraged as Scott said and its marked at a very conservative multiple that is well below the market multiple. So, I think that appropriate. So I think I dont  you cant really sort of  there were a bunch of high  the thing ran up a bit, its kind of slowly gone up from there, I mean, and we do have  we have a really rigorous valuation pricing that [ph] reflect like changing market prices, but you cant sort of take them a quarter or two and run with it, you have to look at the overall picture.
Patrick Davitt: Helpful, thanks.
Leon Black: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to circle back on the energy infrastructure business that youre building out. Can you just talk a little bit more about the goals and aspirations that you have there with this business you think itd look like in say three to five years time, then also if you could kind of walk through kind of whats next on your to-do-list there?
Martin Kelly: Sure. So, as weve talked about in the previous quarter, we did acquire at the end of the quarter, this past quarter, GEs infrastructure equity business. Weve been in the infrastructure business in some form of fashion for some time. We have a multi-billion-dollar infrastructure debt business, and of course, we have a large energy business which touches many of the infrastructure sectors that that we acquired. As weve been looking for the right way, you know infrastructure is a very interesting space that lends itself very much to the type of skill set that Apollo brings to investing. And what we had been looking for was the right infrastructure equity investing platform to really build around. We found that as a start with the GE business that we acquired at year-end, which is focused on a variety of energy, both renewable and traditional energy assets, both here in North America and globally. And so, over time, our expectation would be to continue to grow that base, combining that, our debt expertise and now some of our equity expertise, we have been adding infrastructure professionals and we will continue to grow that business through 19 and beyond. And so, its a place Im pretty excited about and I would think over time, youll see  youll hear us talk about additional fundraisers and hopefully some meaningful growth.
Michael Cyprys: Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from Robert Lee from KBW.
Robert Lee: Great, thanks. Thanks for taking my follow-up. This is a question for Josh. I think it was maybe about a year or so ago, I think exactly when you kind of ventured, you know in talking about the momentum in FRE growth and capital raising. You kind of, I think, ventured that a baseline, distribution the way you maybe you were thinking of it, worst case is like around $1.30 or so, and obviously youve continued to grow, you had $1.80 in distributions last year. So, I mean, any willingness to update that and kind of how youre seeing as kind of your true baseline, what you think you could distribute each quarter given where you are today?
Josh Harris: Yes, look. I mean, obviously we havent formally done that, but clearly the earnings, I mean, youre 100% right that the earnings power of the business is up significantly and so were likely to update that. And reflect it to your point, obviously, we did kind of announced $1.70. Clearly, thats  you have been growing at 21% a year over the last 5 years. So clearly theres and theres momentum going into 19 from just even  just the annualization of Fund IX and the annualization of some of the Athene transactions. So, you could see a significant growth continuing. And so clearly, we are going to distribute a much higher level of cash, and so, yes, we will likely update it.
Martin Kelly: Id just add, we had  as the year ended, we had about a 14% FRE tax rate. So, if you just look at after tax cash flow from FRE for the year, it was $1.58. And then weve got tailwinds as Josh suggested, all Fund IXs were in Lincolns, that should drive that further.
Robert Lee: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr of Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: Hi. Thanks. I wonder if you could help us with some sort of qualitative or attribution announced on the BDCs, obviously tough quarter and tough year. So, I just dont know if you could help us go towards what type of assets took on most of the marks and maybe if there has been some recovery in January so far. Thank you.
Leon Black: Yes, I look at it, appreciate the question. I guess tough for us to talk about the public BDC. They have not reported earnings yet. So I think we dont want to get in front of that and again given the fact they are public.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. Maybe a.
Leon Black: Its the de minimis amount around. It wouldnt be fair for us to kind of get in front of them.
Glenn Schorr: No problem. No problem. One, this is going to be the easy one, we had the temporary closing of the SEC, I am sure there is a pipeline for them to get through, but is it still January so  or at least for a couple of more hours. What  do you see any impact on first quarter or do we have enough time to kind of get through whatever would have been gotten through for you guys?
Leon Black: No, more broadly speaking, the government shutdown has had a very small impact if any on the portfolio at large. I mean, even within our DE portfolio, a couple of companies touch federal contracts or things like that. And so they were backed up for 30 days, but from a overall standpoint, we will have a virtually nonexistent effect on anything that rises to the AGM level.
Glenn Schorr: Appreciate it.
Leon Black: Good. Excellent.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, thanks for taking the follow-up. Just wanted to circle back on your change to kind of focus on the DE going forward as your primary earnings metric? Can you just elaborate a little bit more in terms of what we can expect in terms of disclosure changes? Will you guys be putting out an updated 8-K with a new sort of income statement and are you still planning to show ENI, what can we expect there?
Martin Kelly: Yes, Mike. So we are still working through that. I think you should expect that we will put out an 8-K that formalizes the changes we are announcing well in advance of publishing our next earnings.
Michael Cyprys: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And that concludes the Q&A portion of todays call. I will now turn the floor back to Gary Stein for any additional or closing remarks.
Gary Stein: Great. Thanks, operator and thanks everyone again for joining us this morning. We will look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude todays Apollo Global Managements fourth quarter and full year 2018 earnings conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Stein - Head of Corporate Communications Josh Harris - Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director Martin Kelly - CFO Scott Kleinman - Co-President Gary Parr - Senior Managing Director James Zelter - Co-President
Analysts: Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Robert Lee - KBW Michael Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bill Katz - Citi Ken Worthington - JPMorgan Michael Cyprys - Morgan Stanley Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Devin Ryan - JMP Securities Glenn Schorr - Evercore ISI Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Research Chris Harris - Wells Fargo Brent Dilts - UBS Robert Lee - KBW
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Management's Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation, all callers will be placed in a listen-only mode. And following managements prepared remarks, the conference call will be open for questions. This conference call is being recorded. This call may include forward-looking statements and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to Apollo's most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Apollo will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call which management believes are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures and Apollos earnings presentation which is available on the company's website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Apollo fund. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications.
Gary Stein: Great. Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning are Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director; and Martin Kelly, our Chief Financial Officer. Were also joined by Jim Zelter and Scott Kleinman, our Co-Presidents; and Gary Parr, Senior Managing Director. Jim, Scott, and Gary will be available for the Q&A portion of call. Earlier this morning, we reported distributable earnings of $0.55 per share, which led to a cash distribution of $0.46 per share for the third quarter. The quarters distributable earnings were primarily driven by fee-related earnings or FRE of $0.48 per share. Lastly, we reported an economic net income of $0.83 per share for the third quarter of 2018. With that, Ill turn the call over to Josh Harris.
Josh Harris: Thanks, Gary, and thanks everyone for joining us. During my prepared remarks this morning, I would like to share my thoughts on a few key drivers that continue to propel Apollos business forward including the ongoing growth of our fee-related earnings, the pace of our managed funds capital deployment, and the solid pipeline for continued asset growth. Ill then turn the call over to Martin so he can provide you with some comments regarding our third quarter investment performance, and financial results before we take your questions. Id like to begin my remarks by touching on Apollos growing earnings power, particularly as it relates to our fee related earnings or FRE. As we've said before, we believe FRE is a critical financial metric since it is foundational component of our quarterly and annual cash distribution that is largely based on recurring management fees. I'm pleased to note that our fee related earnings have continued to increase reaching $0.48 per share this quarter which is up 20% versus the year-ago quarter. Its important to recognize that our companys FRE is extremely stable and predictable since it is primarily generated by long-dated funds and permanent capital vehicles, which we manage. In addition we expect that our FRE will continue to trend higher over time as we grow the fee generating assets under management across the Apollo platform. Revenues from management fees have comprised approximately 90% of our total fee revenues historically and have been growing at a compound annual rate of approximately 13% over the past five years. This growth in management fees has been augmented by the ongoing focus on efficiency, cost discipline and operating leverage which has driven margin expansion that led to 19% compound annual growth in core fee related earnings over the same timeframe. Going forward, we will continue to focus on driving our FRE higher since it is a reliable source of cash quarter in and quarter out regardless of whether we have any significant realization from funds we manage. Moving on to capital deployment Id like to focus my comments on our private equity business. As you may have noticed in our earnings presentation, deployment of private equity capital was somewhat light in the third quarter. However as we've noted in the past, deployment does not occur at a steady pace. It can be lumpy from quarter to quarter. Based on outstanding commitments from pending transactions which included $4.3 billion of new commitments in the third quarter, we remain confident that we will maintain our average annual deployment pace of $4 billion or $5 billion of private equity capital. The two largest pending private equity deals are the take-private transactions, transaction of LifePoint Health which is being acquired by a funding portfolio company and is expected to benefit from meaningful synergies and is a take-private of Aspen Insurance which leverages our deep expertise in financial services and insurance. Both of these deals require sizable equity commitment and we expect to raise equity co-investments for these transactions. We're often asked how we are able to identify attractive investment opportunities in a private equity market where valuations are elevated. A significant amount of dry powder is available across the industry and relatively cheap financing is readily accessible. While we continue to evaluate traditional buyouts and corporate carve outs, its interesting to note that in addition to the pending LifePoint [indiscernible] deals, funds managed by Apollo have already completed eight take-private transactions in the U.S. over the last three years in a range of industries where we have deep expertise. In aggregate, private equity funds we manage have invested more than $10 billion of equity capital to funding take-private deals and what we believe were attractive prices. We continue to work through an active pipeline of potential investment opportunities that meet our value oriented criteria, and our pipeline includes a number of other potential take-private deals. Although there is a general perception that public market valuations are relatively full, we see a bifurcation among publicly traded stocks with growth oriented industry leaders on one hand and companies that have fallen out of favor on the other hand. To this point, one statistic we like to highlight is the average P/E multiple for S&P 500 is 16.4 times earnings. But if we simply back out the bank stocks, the multiple actually drops nearly two multiples points to 14.5. There are thousands of publicly traded companies in the U.S. and Europe and by concentrating on industries we know well, we believe we are able to identify fundamentally good companies trading at attractive prices which can provide opportunities to create value over time. Turning now to asset growth. At the end of the third quarter, we had total assets under management of $270 billion which is an increase of 12% or $29 billion over the last year. Over the last 12 months, weve generated inflows of $46 billion and we have a robust pipeline of fund-raising activity that is taking place through our traditional fund-raising efforts as well as our strategic capital initiatives. Starting with our traditional fund-raising activities, we have several important initiatives in the market today that I'd like to highlight. In private equity, following a $2.2 billion first close of our hybrid value strategy during the second quarter, we continue to benefit from strong investor receptivity to this new product offerings, and we are targeting $3 billion in total commitment by some-time around yearend. As a reminder, Hybrid Value more formally integrates the expertise of our private equity and illiquid credit investment teams by focusing on capital solutions, structured equity and noncontrolled stressed and distressed investments. The strategy speaks net return in the low to mid-teens with downside protection, which we believe provides a highly differentiated solution to our investors' portfolios. During the third quarter, Hybrid Value completed its first two deals and has continued to work through a strong pipeline of investment opportunities. Next, our current flagship, Natural Resources Fund, ANRP II, has been creating significant value for investors, with growth in net returns since inception of 37% and 21%, respectively. This $3.5 billion fund is now more than 80% committed or invested, so we are actively fundraising for a successor fund and anticipate a first close to occur around year-end. In credit, our financial credit investments, or FCI fund franchise, is continuing to perform well, and we recently began fundraising for our fourth visit of this differentiated insurance strategy. We expect a first close for FCI for some time around year-end. We've also had a very positive reception for the fourth fund in our structured credit recovery strategy, which we refer to as SCRF IV. To date, we've closed on $2.2 billion, and we expect to have a final closing with a target of $2.5 billion during the fourth quarter. In total, we expect that SCRF IV will be twice as large as its predecessor fund. Turning to our real asset businesses. A few weeks ago, we announced that funds managed by Apollo entered into a transaction to acquire an approximately $1 billion portfolio of equity investments in energy assets from GE Capital's energy and financial services unit. The equity portfolio comprises approximately 20 investments in Renewable Energy, contracted natural gas, fire generation and midstream energy infrastructure asset. In connection with this transaction, we will also look to form an ongoing relationship with GE capital with respect to new energy infrastructure investments. We are excited by this unique opportunity to extend our existing infrastructure capabilities and launch a new equity investment platform. The foundation of this platform will have what we believe is an attractive portfolio of cash generating assets from its inception, and we believe this strategy enables us to leverage our deep expertise and energy in infrastructure and a differentiated manner. This platform is also highly complementary to our existing infrastructure credit strategy, where we currently manage a portfolio of debt investments totaling approximately $1.5 billion. Lastly, we continue to see heightened interests for bespoke, long-dated managed accounts across our credit business as well as the broader Apollo platform. These dialogues with some of the world's largest institutional investors are occurring with the mix of new clients, as well as with current investors that are seeking to expand their existing managed accounts. We are now managing a total of approximately $23 billion across these strategic accounts. Earlier this month, we established a significant new strategic managed account, focusing our performing credit, which is expected to launch in the fourth quarter and then continue to ramp up throughout 2019, ultimately reaching several billion dollars in aggregate. I'd now like to spend a few minutes discussing the growth opportunities across our insurance platform. Our spectrum of insurance capabilities continues to expand and complement our existing U.S. and European spread businesses, with further capabilities such as Venerable, which is focused on variable annuities; FCI, which is focused on the longevity space; and Catalina, which is focused on the nonlife insurance runoff space. The theme, which is the largest permanent-capital vehicle we provide investment management services to, now has approximately $100 billion of assets, and they continue to grow through a variety of well-established organic channels. In addition, during their first Investor Day, which they hosted last month, the team outlined a path to significantly scale its balance sheet over time through a combination of organic and strategic pathways. Through the strength of our strategic relationship with the team where we serve as the manager for their assets, we have helped them to deliver consistent investment outperformance within the life insurance industry. We're also pleased that in connection with the team's Investor Day, we jointly announced several key revisions to our investment management agreements with Athene. These revised arrangements, which remain subject to approval by Athene shareholders, provide for an extended contract term of 4 years, with automatic renewals for each successive 2-year period thereafter, and also provides for certain amendments to reflect the team's current scale and a proposed growth to maintain a strong alignment of interest. Turning to Europe. As we have discussed previously, we're assisting Athene in replicating its success by establishing Athora as a capital solutions provider for the European life insurance market. Athora is pursuing accretive acquisitions to grow their business, which similar to Athene, has the added benefit of growing Apollo's business. Since we are their strategic asset management partner, Athora's balance sheet will be approximately $15 billion following the pending Generali Belgium transaction, which will expand their European footprint. Both of those transactions are expected to close around year-end, subject to regulatory approvals. Another platform I'd like to touch on is Catalina, which is a leader in the consolidation of the nonlife insurance runoff industry. Apollo and funds we manage have been working with Catalina since 2013, and during that time, the company has completed 16 acquisitions and grown to $4 billion of assets. I'm pleased to note that just a few weeks ago, we completed a transaction in which funds managed by Apollo acquired a majority stake in the company and also committed $700 million of dry powder to fund growth through new acquisitions. We look forward to building upon our strong relationship with Catalina and leveraging Apollo's deep insurance expertise to continue to help the company drive its significant, anticipated growth. It is also important to note that this strategic relationship with Apollo adds another key component to our broad suite of insurance capability. In addition to the existing platforms I just discussed, we continue to evaluate a number of interesting opportunities across the insurance industry. While it is impossible to predict whether any of these opportunities will materialize into an actual transaction, they each represent significant potential growth areas for the Apollo platform. Moreover, with more than 150 professionals across Apollo focused on the insurance and broader financial services landscape, we believe that we have a unique capability to originate, evaluate and complete highly complex insurance-related transactions. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Martin. Thank you.
Martin Kelly: Thanks, Josh, and good morning, again, everyone. Starting with distributable earnings, the $226 million or $0.55 per share we generated during the third quarter was driven by strong growth and stability of our fee-related earnings, as Josh highlighted. Fee-related earnings of $197 million or $0.48 per share were complemented by realized performance fees and realized investment income, principally generated by monetization activity in Fund VIII. In addition to our strong and growing FRE, our economic net income for the third quarter was bolstered by appreciation of Athene stock price as well as positive net performance fees, which was partially offset by elevated profit share expense. The net result of these items drove economic net income of $334 million or $0.83 per share post-tax. As it relates to the quarterly mark on Athene, the fair value increased by 18% quarter-over-quarter due to the higher trading levels of its stock and by a modest reduction in a liquidity discount on shares held on our balance sheet. The net impact of the increasing value on our economic earnings was an unrealized gain of $0.39 per share for the quarter, which flowed through both credit and private equity given the nature of how we acquired the shares we hold. Although the mark-to-market value can fluctuate meaningfully from one quarter to the next, we believe strategic investments like our 10% economic stake in Athene serves to strengthen our balance sheet and further align ourselves with a key strategic partner. I also want to note that while they had been some negative press reports regarding Athene and Apollo, we believe those reports are inaccurate and misleading. Next, I'd like to provide some context behind the quarter's net performance fee generation. Total performance fees for the quarter were $127 million or $49 net of profit share. Notably, each of our business segments delivered positive returns in the third quarter. In credit, on an aggregate basis, the funds we manage generated a blended gross return of 1.7% during the quarter and approximately 6.6% over 12 months ended September 30. As a reminder, the credit performance statistics we provide are gross returns that aggregate the performance of all of the credit funds we manage across a range of risk return profiles, excluding Athene's non-supervised assets. We are pleased to note that as of the end of September, this is the 11th consecutive quarter and 31st consecutive month that our credit business has delivered a positive blended gross return. In an environment where low interest rates and negative nominal rates continue to persist around the world, we believe Apollo's credit platform is delivering a compelling and differentiated value proposition to its clients through a diverse product set that spans the risk-and-return spectrum. In private equity, the portfolio appreciated by 2.3% in the quarter and 10% over the 12 months ended September 30. The third quarter mark was driven by 8.5% appreciation in publicly traded holdings and essentially flat performance in private holdings. Fund VIII, which currently represents approximately 75% of the remaining fair value of all the traditional PE funds we manage, appreciated by 3% in the third quarter and 13% over the last 12 months. As of 9:30, Fund VIII had a gross and net IRR of 23% and 16%, respectively. As we sell off the remaining legacy holdings in the older PE funds we manage, Fund VIII will represent an increasingly larger proportion of its total value in our private equity business. Overall, the portfolio, which continues to season, is performing well and the team is optimistic about its long-term value proposition. In real assets, our investment performance, as measured by the U.S. real estate equity business, was up 4.6% during the quarter, and this segment continues to perform well. Next, as it relates to the elevated profit share expense, the above-average ratio of 69% during the quarter was principally due to 2 factors. First, higher equity-based profit share arising from certain performance-based grants, which will continue to amortize at similar levels for the remainder of the year before stepping down in 2019 and again, in 2020. And second, a higher incentive for accrual, which can vary quarter-to-quarter as we have progress through a calendar year. I also like to note that we currently expect to generate an elevated level of transaction fees in the fourth quarter if the GE Capital and LifePoint transactions that Josh described earlier are completed before year-end, combined with the recently completed Catalina deal. Turning briefly to asset flows. During the quarter, we had total inflows of nearly $6 billion, which were partially offset by outflows following the sale of the portfolio of company in our European FIG platform and the redemption of a credit managed account by a client who made a strategic decision to manage the portfolio in-house. Lastly, as a testament to the growing financial strength of the Apollo platform, we're proud to note that just last week, Fitch upgraded our credit rating to an A. So now we have an A rating from both Fitch and S&P. Fitch cited several reasons for their upgrade, including the scalability of our platform, the significant and growing amount of permanent capital we have under management and our strong competitive position. With that, we'll now turn the call back to the operator and open the line for any of your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: So, maybe to start with just the outlook on fee-related earnings, you guys continue to highlight that obviously is a very important measure. Couple of things I was hoping to hit on. A, can you talk a little bit about the new infrastructure business and kind of the opportunity that you see for that business to evolve with the GE acquisition? And two, now that weve seen a big step up in management fee from Fund IX, what sort of management fee growth you guys anticipate over the next several years as some of these newer initiatives come into play?
Josh Harris: Yes, I mean we've obviously been growing management fees at low double-digit and then we have significant operating leverage in the platform, so that our earnings grow at mid-to-high teens and certainly you know we've added a lot of things to our management fee in the last year, which are going to annualize next year. Certainly not all, Fund IX will annualize next year, and the Voya transaction will annualize next year. And then there's a series of other things that are coming. And so, we expect to be able to continue plus or minus on that trajectory. In terms of the GE acquisition, I'll let Scott Kleinman comment on that because he led it.
Scott Kleinman: So, as Josh mentioned in his comments, we did make our acquisition of about a billion dollar pool of assets in the infra-equity business, which really complements a bunch of the energy and infra investments we were making in some related funds. So, to your question about where we go from here, I think this creates a really attractive base when combined with the infra debt business we've been managing for a couple of years now. And our goal would be to see this grow over the next few years. So, this is an area we think there's a lot of opportunity. Apollo brings, I think a very attractive skill set to that space. So, we're pretty excited about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Lee, KBW.
Robert Lee: I guess my first question would be - given that your outlook for fundraising I guess pretty positive, but weve seen particularly in insurance as you highlighted that so many - it feels like it's become the - every - all of your competitors seem to be entering the business or trying to get into it and obviously, you've been doing it longer and are larger, but what is this doing, what do you think it's doing to the opportunity set in some places whether with Athene and other annuity assets I mean are you - how are you kind of tactically shifting to respond to growing competition or at least what it seems like?
Gary Stein: So, this is Gary. I would make a few comments. First is, it's a very broad industry - very large industry. As we talked about for example in Europe, there is roughly a $3 trillion opportunity. The U.S. is still a similarly very large marketplace. Interestingly, the first thing we've done strategically positioning is that we through our various affiliation have more capability than anybody else really having the fixed annuity spread, capability of Athene, we have a capability in Europe, we have property and casualty front office expertise. And so by having that we will try to approach ideas with companies to provide solutions. We'd like to find complex situations where we can help someone solve their problems and we have an array of expertise. So thats our comparative advantage. We can also actually look at transactions that are larger than what most can look at. We have - of course we have the various markets of capital. As to the field of opportunities on the marketplace, there arent a lot of strategic buyers, and so that actually creates opportunity for us as well, so its not just whenever were looking at the insurance industry, its not limited just to financial sponsors or alternative asset managers and what they might do, one has to look at strategics and there are a limited number of strategics that are active indeed many of the strategic companies are repositioning and selling businesses, so that's what's creating the opportunities for us.
Josh Harris: My only voice, however is obviously you have to continue to innovate. We have a 150 people focused on insurance and financial services and certainly people have seen the success in some of the stuff and theyre copying parts of it and the like, when you look across the spectrum of what we can do, it's much broader and we're looking at new areas all the time that I - to add and augment that other people just can't follow. So I think like - I think that we're going to stay ahead of the pack here based on the expertise, the growing expertise we have, but certainly you can't stand still.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Carrier: Maybe just a question for Josh. Just on the underperformance, you guys gave some color on [ANRP] portfolio with the privates flattish. Just wanted to get your take on, how youre seeing the portfolio and probably more importantly just when we think about going forward, how that should build to net accrued and then the realizations over time? And I understand like last year, it was a great year for the portfolio, but I just wanted to get some sense on the outlook in terms of what youre seeing?
Josh Harris: Yes, look, I mean, Id say that the portfolio is heading in a very positive direction. Certainly, as I mentioned in my remarks, 75% of the overall private equity portfolio is Fund VIII, right. And the balance is stuff that where sort of remaining portfolio investments that we're liquidating from everything else. Fund IX, obviously has 1 investment in it - 1 committed investment in it. So I would say that Fund VIII returns are about 23% gross. And I think that speaks to this - so you will see some quarterly volatility on marks, but bottom line is heading in a very positive direction. EBITDA for the portfolio and revenues for the portfolio were up around 5% each. And so the portfolio is maturing very, very nicely, and we would expect it to continue to head in a positive direction and be consistent with our past performance, which is top of the industry clearly. Relative to kind of realizations. It's hard to imagine, this is a very low year for us, and we're in a life cycle where Fund VIII is literally a 2 - the average investment in Fund VIII is about - just a little over 2 years. So we would expect that fund to mature, and we would expect our realizations to go up significantly over the next few years. Having said that, obviously, it's market dependent. And when you see volatility - we've been expecting some volatility. We're certainly seeing a little bit of that now. And we - it's not - if the environment doesn't - isn't conducive to realizations, then we'll be more buyers than sellers. And so predicting on a quarterly basis is relatively complicated, but we still feel very, very positive about everything that's going on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Katz of Citi.
Bill Katz: So a little bit of a nested question. You sort of highlight stability and visibility of your FRE, the management revenues underneath that, the permanent capital vehicles and saw the nice growth that you sort of laid out both FRE as well as new money coming in across a broadening global platform. So looking at the relative spread of your stock price versus KKR or even areas that have sort of shifted to C-Corp, what's your latest thinking on that at this point in time? And what are some of the milestones that you might be thinking about that would further reflect on your decision-making?
Josh Harris: Yes. So clearly, we're obviously incredibly focused on our stock price as the 3 of us own a huge amount of shares and the employees own a huge amount of shares. And we know that, certainly, we do think there has been some positive uplift in the stock certainly of KKR over since it's started talking about its C-Corp. Having said that - and so we're looking very hard at it and very focused on it. There's no real milestone to really - unfortunately, that sort uplift is going to have to stand the test of time of it, because as we've said before, you're destroying cash flow permanently, right? When you - unless the tax law change, you look at the current tax regime, this is really beneficial to shareholders. And so you want to be studied and thoughtful about it. And so we don't really have a milestone. By the way, the stock price is changed daily. I mean, we're all sitting around yesterday and staring at KKR's performance since they converted, and it's not dissimilar to ours, but depends on which time period you pick. And so I don't think there's enough information yet in the marketplace. I think certainly as people season and as indexes come into play, and all of the things that you all are - that we're all focused on, we are going to see how all that goes and it make a decision. If we think we can create value long run for our shareholders, we're going to do it. And so that's really as much as I can say at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington from JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: Just on real assets. So that business continues to show very good growth, albeit off a small base. I was hoping you could further flush out, maybe the successes you're having there. I'm going to try to wrap it this into this question as well. I assume the future relationship leadership with the GE falls under real assets. If that's the case, can you explain, again, what you're doing with GE going forward? Because I didn't quite get how the go-forward relationship is going to work. Thanks.
Scott Kleinman: Sure. Our real assets platform consists of a variety of real estate, equity businesses and real estate debt businesses really globally. You are correct. As we build out our new infrastructure platform, that also will fall under that segment. So yes. No, I think you're right. Those businesses have been performing quite well. And in fact, we would expect some additional fundraising next year as a few of those businesses are coming to the end of their dry powder. So activity has been pretty strong in those businesses, but as you pointed out, off a smaller base relative to our other businesses. With respect to the ongoing relationship with GE, that will be a - think of it as a sourcing-and-flow arrangement as GE continues - the business originally arose from GE's power equipment sales business and many of their clients looking for a variety of funding arrangements. And so there will be an ongoing relationship. While that won't be the only source of flow obviously from the business, that will be a strategic leadership that gives us a first look at many of those opportunities.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: I just wanted to follow up a little bit on the infrastructure renewable asset portfolio from GE. If you can just talk a little bit about the economics? How the funds are going to be structured? What are you targeting in terms of returns, investment horizon? And how it differs from the existing ANRP funds? And any additional headcount when you bring on to platform? Sorry, just a bit under the weather.
Scott Kleinman: Sure, Michael. This is Scott again. The businesses that are in that portfolio and what would be the crux or the focus of the new fund would be more in the core plus or value-added segment of the infrastructure space. So think 10% to 13% type IRRs for those style of investments. That differs from our natural resource - existing natural resource fund making energy investments, but in the 20% plus rates of return. Obviously, our infra debt business would be in the 6% to 10% type rates of return. So hopefully that sort of covers the spectrum. And as you can see, this is a welcome addition to the middle portion of that return spectrum that Apollo was looking to really build up and fill out its product offering profile.
Josh Harris: Most of what our NRP does is upstream and natural resource based, and obviously, we hedge it, but there's some amount of commodity risk. As you move to infrastructure, it's generally midstream or downstream. And so the price fluctuations and the volatility are much lower, and therefore, the returns are much more predictable and they're almost different businesses.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: Can you update us on your progress to form? I think it's around 10 credit portfolio companies like MidCap, like the GE business. And really, the purpose of these 10 business is really to help fund your insurance operation.
James Zelter: This is Jim. Certainly that's - as we've laid out in the past, that's currently our long-term goal is to have a variety of these origination platforms, whether it's MidCap, whether it's our aircraft, whether it's in other types of U.S. mortgages, Amerihome. So certainly, we are on the constant front to bring those teams in. We've made some nice progress in continuing to establish our existing platforms this year. Certainly, when we first looked at the infrastructure opportunity, we looked at it from a debt side. As Scott mentioned, we found the opportunity with GE on the infrastructure equity side. So there's nothing new to report in terms of a new platform that we've seated this year, but the consistent growth and experience that we've had in our other platforms is still a key attribute of our long-term objectives, and we're constantly on the hunt, but good steady progress in the vehicles in the platforms we have to date.
Scott Kleinman: Yes. One thing to just make sure there's no confusion on. So we've gone from 0 to $126 billion of this stuff over the last 8 or 9 years and it's a growing part - it will grow faster, we think, than - it'll becoming an increasing percentage of our company, but I'm not sure where the 10 permanent capital vehicles came from. I think we're always looking for opportunities and certainly going to continue to do this. But the 10 thing, I just wanted to clear up.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan of JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: First question, just for Josh and following up on your comments on the public market valuation ex of FANGs, which was interesting. It sounds interesting sounds like you're seeing some attractive opportunities, which is I'm assuming while it's highlighted and obviously recently entered OneMain. So I guess first, does that tell us anything about the competitive dynamics in the private markets on a relative basis? And then in the public markets, what characteristics are you looking for? How does that differ than how you're evaluating private investments? I'm sure there are some additional considerations. And then are there sectors that you feel like really stand out as being really dislocated?
Josh Harris: Yes. So I think first I'll just take the - there's a lot of questions there, but I'd say the fundamentals we're looking for are similar. We want to buy good companies at low prices, good franchises that have a reason to exist, that have reason to flourish. And so what we do is we literally just look for the best possible pathway to be able to do that. And in certain cases, it's to distress for control market. That hasn't really been a great market. And what we're finding - and certainly, in many cases, it is the private markets. And to add on to what you said, yes, we are seeing - the private markets are generally driven by leverage - the availability of leverage finance of bank and high-yield capital and the dry powder. And we're seeing those markets a bit more competitive. The public markets general driven by a lot of other factors. Certainly, there are the haves and the have-nots in the public markets today. If you're a category, if you're an industry leader and you're in a favored industry, particularly growth or technology industry, you trade at a very high multiple. And there's a lot of companies that have been left behind and a lot of industries that are left behind. I mean, I would argue that the alternatives have been unfairly left behind to give us a gratuitous, but I think authentic, plug as to our particular industry and our company. But there's a lot of examples of it, and if you have a complicated story you're not really welcomed so much in the public market. So that is creating a very fertile hunting ground for private equity and we do see more opportunities there and certainly, the 10-plus billion of capital we put out recently into the public markets continues to - will continue to grow.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Glenn Schorr of Evercore ISI.
Glenn Schorr: Curious, the Asian markets have come in a lot more than, say, the U.S. Curious if it either accelerates your enthusiasm as individual investments? Or for may be taking Apollo there in a more significant way?
Scott Kleinman: I would say that we've obviously been watching some of the volatility was going on in some of Asian markets, mostly in the equity market, which as you know, we really - unless it's private equity don't really play day-to-day in the equity market. Certainly, I think we have long-term objectives in Asia, which we've talked about in the past whether it's taking advantage of our skill set in value private equity, which Scott can talk about. But I think overall, we're noticing what's going on in recent volatility in the equity markets, but our long-term plan and our long-term investment discipline is really not going to change in terms of a value player. And Scott can talk a little bit about our expansion and our thoughts about the Asian pursuit as well.
Josh Harris: Yes. Look, we've talked about on these calls before, but we are pretty rifle shot when it comes to entering new markets. And so we've been in India, for example, for some time. The volatility there is interesting. It's creating perhaps even an acceleration of opportunities. And we continue to invest, both in companies and in the team on the ground in India. We've also made comments about our desire to start to plant the flag and grow in Japan, and so you'll be seeing some of that. Again, cautiously and nothing heroic in the beginning, but those are really where we're spending time now from an equity stand - private equity standpoint. Everything else is we're just cautiously watching.
Glenn Schorr: I appreciate that. Just one quick follow-up on the private equity performance. I hear you loud and clear on Fund VIII, where it's tracking, and it's the biggest piece of what's left. How are we supposed to look at that, the trailing 12 performance, that 10% way, it's like half of what we're used to for the last 30 years for Apollo? Is that just episodic and it's a stub so it means less?
Scott Kleinman: Yes, I think that's right. It - after a pretty big couple of years, the years prior, I think - remember that the portfolio is made up of 40 to 50 individual investments. And as you see, some move faster, some move a little slower. I think that's really all you can read from it. To sort of echo Josh's comments from earlier, we still feel really good about this fall portfolio and its ability to deliver returns consistent with our historic averages.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt of Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: How do we reconcile the flat private PE mark with your comment that EBITDA growth is in 5% range and markets were up 5% to 7% in 3Q? And similarly, why did the credit performance fee trend appear to diverge so significantly from your mark. Do both of those suggest some idiosyncratic markdowns? Or is there something else going on there?
Martin Kelly: Yes, so in PE, it's - we look at the comps. And so for the comps that we look at based on the companies that we own, in the quarter, there were some headwinds on comp multiple compressions. So that's sort of was an offset, so an underlying improvement in performance. And then in credit, our year-to-date carrying credit is pretty much the same as it was last year, 9 months on 9 months. And so in this quarter we had 2 positions in Europe that we took some losses on. And so they're idiosyncratic. They're not a read across for the rest of the book, but that created the blended 1% uptick in the drawdown funds that you can see in the tables. And that's less than what you need to sort of keep up with abbrev. So that's what sort of when you blend it all together was the reason for the lighter credit carry in Q3 relative to prior quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Harris of Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: If the equity market stabilizes from here and the environment for exits is good, do you guys think you could simultaneously be a net seller while growing FRE by the double-digit percent you referenced?
Josh Harris: Yes, we do. I mean, all of these are idiosyncratic. I mean, at the end of the day, right, your job as an investor in private equity is to buy well, create value and then sell. None of this stuff, it's all meant to be a 5- to 7-year underwritten deal. And so there's clearly going to be lots of situations where we don't think the particular market backdrop is fantastic, but we've created a lot of value in a company. We've achieved our objectives, and we sell it. And at the same time, the 14.5 multiple that we talked about relative to the S&P, excluding the tech stocks, the FANGs, that's going to create a buying opportunity across the public markets. And so they're not linked. I mean, on a broad basis, certainly, obviously, if there's a better sellers' market we'll sell maybe a little bit more. But by and large, we've a job to do over 5 years, 7 years, 3 years. And not only that, each industry is very unique. There'll be a bunch of industries that might be trading well and some others aren't and so we invest across many, many industries and so you can't really generalize. So anyway, yes, I do think that you could have both of those things occurring.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brent Dilts of UBS.
Brent Dilts: My question's on the revised fee structure with Athene. So as you look at organic and inorganic growth at Athene over the next few years, how are you thinking about allocation across the difference of allocation fee buckets? And what that mean for - what that might mean for the overall fees you get paid? And then within those higher fee asset classes, is there any clawback arrangement tied to the fees?
Scott Kleinman: So as Athene has said in their Investor Day and pretty clearly in their disclosure, when we restructured and amended the construct, we really did it in a manner which align our objectives and their objectives of net investment returns in the portfolio. So with - as you know, the base fee got readjusted down and the ability for us to create and source and analyze successfully the higher-yielding assets across the portfolio, still many investment grade but higher-yielding commercial mortgages and the like, we get a higher return and we get a higher fee base. The more that we're able to produce those assets and contrast that to investment grade corporates, it's a lower fee. So we're exactly aligned with the same long-term objectives. Certainly, there is a comprehensive proposal and the structure has it, the ability for us to generate higher returns. There is a once-a-year look back. But the basic construct of our fee to the benefit of Apollo is very similar, but it creates the right objectives and long-term alignment.
Brent Dilts: Yes, to be clear, I mean, the fee arrangement day 1 is net neutral to both companies, as we've stated. And - but over time, look, they're looking for us to provide excess return. And then - and if we do that, we'll get paid more over time. We don't do it, we'll get paid less, and we're confident of our ability to do it. So that's the alignment Jim's talking about.
Operator: Our final question is a follow-up from the line of Robert Lee of KBW.
Robert Lee: And thanks for taking my follow-up. I just want a quick question on Catalina. I guess, I just wanted to better understand the recent fundraising in transaction. Was that something that Apollo participated in directly? And should we be thinking of that as another permanent capital vehicle even though you don't kind of list in that fashion?
Gary Stein: Between Martin and I, we'll address that. We do not see it as a permanent-capital vehicle so we, for example, we don't manage the assets of Catalina currently. We will provide some services over time to them, so that will increase. But as it is structured, it's somewhat different, but we do see it as a core part of our strategic ability. We are active in active dialogue with Catalina. We actually have already been working on 1 transaction in conjunction with Catalina where we bundled it with others our - other companies that are in Apollo field, others we work with. So that part, it is a tool and a part of us delivering solutions for the balance sheet.
Martin Kelly: Yes, we don't directly participate in funding that. With the drive a transaction fee, which we mentioned. And then it's sort of a - as Gary said, it's sort of part of the broader insurance platform where we may be paid management fees for business related to it but not directly related to assets in Catalina.
Josh Harris: But just to be clear, I believe this is in our AUM and in sense, we did what we've done with his platforms, which is we went out and arranged investor capital and put up a GP commitment. So I think we're maybe - I just want to make sure we're clear. This is just like Athene, just like Athora, we raise this vehicle. We do not manage the assets, but it is, as Gary said, part of a - it gives us another capability, right, that others don't have that allows us to holistically approach insurance companies with solutions. So I think depending on how you define a permanent capital - a strategic platform, it either is or it isn't. I think probably it is, but the distinction as to this versus Athene, which is the asset management, has been laid out.
Operator: And thank you. That concludes the Q&A portion of todays call. I will now return the floor to Gary Stein for any additional or closing remarks.
Gary Stein: Great. Thanks operator. Thanks again everyone for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude Apollo's third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Stein - Head of Corporate Communications Leon Black - Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Josh Harris - Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director Martin Kelly - Chief Financial Officer Scott Kleinman - Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director Gary Parr - Senior Managing Director James Zelter - Co-President and Chief Investment Officer, Credit
Analysts: Michael Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch William Katz - Citi Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co. Devin Ryan - JMP Securities Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities Michael Cyprys - Morgan Stanley Gerald O'Hara - Jefferies Group Brent Dilts - UBS Kaimon Chung - Evercore ISI
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Management's Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation all callers will be placed in a listen-only mode. And following management's prepared remarks, the conference will be open for questions. This conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications.
Gary Stein: Great. Thanks operator. Welcome to our second quarter 2018 earnings call. Joining me this morning are: Leon Black, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director; and Martin Kelly, our Chief Financial Officer. Also joining me in the room are: Co-Presidents Jim Zelter and Scott Kleinman as well as Gary Parr, Senior Managing Director. Jim, Scott and Gary will be available during the Q&A portion of today's call. We'd like to remind you that, this call may include forward-looking statements and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings for Risks Factors related to these statements. We'll be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, which management believes are relevant in assessing the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in our earnings presentation, which is available on the Apollo website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or purchase an interest in any Apollo fund. Earlier this morning, we reported distributable earnings to common and equivalent holders of $0.53 per share, which drove a cash distribution of $0.43 per share for the second quarter. The quarter's distributable earnings were primarily driven by fee-related earnings or FRE of $0.45 per share. Lastly, we reported an economic net income of $0.27 per share for the first quarter of 2018. With that, I'd like to turn the call over Leon Black.
Leon Black: Thanks, Gary, and thank you all for joining us this morning. With our stock being hit this morning, I'm especially looking forward to our Q&A to figure out what you all know that we don't know. But for now, we're going to first give our formal presentation and then we'll get to the Q&A. This call provides us with an opportunity to highlight the continued momentum that is driving growth across all of our businesses. To that end, I'd like to provide some commentary regarding our significant asset growth and opportunities we see for continued capital deployment. Josh will then provide you with details regarding the increasing earnings power of our business and our latest thoughts on corporate structure. Martin will conclude our prepared remarks with some brief comments regarding Apollo's financials, before we take your questions. First and foremost, we believe the combination of our strong investment performance, the depth of our relationships with prominent investors worldwide and our expertise in building scalable businesses are the primary catalysts of Apollo's continued asset growth. In addition, we believe we are benefiting from several secular tailwinds in the asset management industry, including: one, the search for yield in a still low-rate environment; two, the consolidation of relationships among the most successful asset managers with broad product suite; and three, the migration away from traditional active equity and fixed income strategies to a more barbelled approach oriented towards passive and alternative strategies. We have now reached $270 billion of total assets under management. And our integrated platform is serving us well, as we drive the business forward through our traditional fundraising efforts and strategic capital initiatives. We saw significant growth in the second quarter, driven by gross inflows of more than $27 billion, including $23 billion in credit, and nearly $3 billion in private equity. The strong credit inflows in the quarter were primarily driven by the closing of the previously announced transaction with Voya Financial, which occurred one month ahead of plan. As a reminder, we were able to create a win-win-win solution for Apollo, Athene and Voya, through the acquisition of Voya's fixed and variable annuity business by Athene and Venerable respectively. This transaction added $18 billion of fixed annuities to Athene's balance sheet and together with several strategic investors, we established a new permanent capital vehicle called Venerable that acquired the variable annuity piece of the transaction. Athene is our largest permanent capital vehicle. And following the Voya transaction, their balance sheet is approximately $100 billion, a phenomenal success story for a business that did not exist 10 years ago. Through the strength of our strategic relationship with Athene, where we serve as the investment manager for their assets, we've helped them to consistently deliver leading returns within the life insurance industry. The total amount of AUM in all the permanent capital vehicles we manage is nearly $125 billion or approximately 45% of Apollo's total AUM. We believe this is a significant differentiator of our model versus other asset management businesses, since these permanent capital vehicles have a number of attractive characteristics: they are management-fee driven; they are scalable; their market volatility is lower; and they are less dependent on particular economic environments to deploy capital. As we've discussed previously, we're assisting Athene in replicating its success by establishing Athora as the solutions provider for the European life insurance market. Athora is pursuing accretive acquisitions to grow their business, which similar to Athene has the added benefit of growing Apollo's business, since we are their strategic asset management partner. Athora's balance sheet will be approximately $15 billion following the pending Generali Belgium transaction, which will expand their European footprint beyond Germany and Ireland. That transaction is expected to close around yearend, subject to regulatory approvals. In terms of traditional fund raising activities, we have numerous initiatives in the market today. And others are expected to launch in the coming months. First, the second quarter included a $2.2 billion first close for our new Hybrid Value strategy, a strong indication of investor receptivity to this product offering, which is starting at $3 billion in total commitments by sometime around yearend. As a reminder, Hybrid Value will more formally integrate the expertise of our private equity and a liquid credit investment teams by focusing on capital solutions, structured equity, and non-controlled stressed and distressed investments. The strategy will target net returns in the low- to mid-teens with downside protection, which we believe provides a highly differentiated solution to investors' portfolios. In addition, into holding its first close Hybrid Value also completed its first deal during the second quarter. And we expect the investment period for this strategy will continue for several years. Secondly, our Natural Resources franchise is continuing to perform very well with ANRP II experiencing very strong returns to date. Since the $3.5 billion fund is more than 75% committed or invested, and we recently launched fundraising for a successor fund, that we'd anticipate the first close to occur around yearend. Third, in credit, our Financial Credit Investments or FCI Fund franchise is performing well and is continuing to deploy capital with the current vintage FCI III already 85% invested. Accordingly, we recently launched fundraising for a successor fund and expect the first close sometime in the second half of this year. Four, as we mentioned on our prior call, we are also seeing heightened interest for customized long-dated managed accounts across our credit business as well as the broader platform. These dialogues are occurring with a mix of new investors, as well as with current investors that are seeking to expand their existing managed accounts. Five and lastly, our flagship evergreen total return strategy continues to see interest and is gaining more traction. This unconstrained credit strategy allows us to navigate the opportunity set across the liquid and performing spectrum of our integrated platform, to help our fund investors in their search for yield. Total Return was launched just over 4 years ago and the performance track record has been strong. Assets for this strategy are now approaching $6 billion from a diverse range of Apollo's clients, including more than 40 different pension accounts and the pipeline for additional investors remain robust. Turning to capital deployment, I'd like to focus my comments on private equity, where we are transitioning from one flagship fund to another, following the commencement of the investment period for Fund IX during the quarter. I'm pleased to report that we're just about fully deployed in the predecessor Fund VIII, the $18 billion fund, which began investing in late 2013. This includes the incremental capital Fund VIII has committed to invest in connection with a large take-private transaction of LifePoint Health, which was announced last week. Most importantly, despite the high priced environment in which we have been operating, we have been able to create Fund VIII at an average enterprise value to adjusted EBITDA multiple of less than 6 times in a market where the average private equity deal multiple has been more than 10 times. We believe our value-oriented discipline is a key driver behind the fund solid early returns, which currently has gross and net IRRs of 25% and 17%, respectively. While this fund has been active for almost five years, it's still a relatively young fund with the average life of an investment at just over two years versus our historical average hold period of approximately four years. As Josh will discuss in more detail, we believe Fund VIII is still building value in its portfolio, which we expect will be monetized over a multi-year period and drive meaningful cash distributions in the process. Looking ahead, as we seek opportunities to begin deploying Fund IX, the $25 billion fund just activated. We expect to use the same value-oriented approach and multiple transaction pathway, that if led to our leading investment returns over the last 28 years. We believe, we possess several competitive advantages that enable us to source and complete transactions including: one, a willingness to embrace complexity; two, a proven ability to creatively finance transactions in a variety of market environment; three, the significant scale of Fund IX, which will allow us to commit to larger investments; and four, finally an expertise in distressed investing, they will be particularly advantageous, if we experience market turbulence. Since founding Apollo nearly three decades ago, we have traversed four economic cycles, and we have demonstrated time and again the ability to successfully navigate the environment at hand. While we do not have a crystal ball to predict the investing landscape over the coming years, as we invest Fund IX, we are confident that we have an excellent team and proven investment process, which we believe will continue to guide our decisions and produce strong returns for our fund investors. I'd like to turn this over to Josh.
Josh Harris: Thanks, Leon. I'd like to continue the call by operating some perspective on Apollo's growing earnings power, and also provide a few comments regarding our latest thoughts on corporate structure. The continuing growth of our fee generating assets that Leon just described, combined with strong investment formats across Apollo's platform is a directing positive impact on the trajectory of our cash earnings power and ongoing value creation for our shareholders through both fee related earnings and distributions from realization. Last quarter, I indicated that to do a significant momentum in our strategic capital initiatives such as Athene, Athora and Venerable. And in our various fund raising efforts across the Apollo platform. We are well positioned to continue to grow our management fee revenues and fee related earnings. I'm pleased to note that as a result of the commencement of Fund IX investment period, beginning of the second quarter and the closing of the Voya transaction on June 1. Our management fees grew by 20% quarter-over-quarter and our fee related earnings, FRE, grew by 40% to $0.45 per share. It's important to recognize that we believe this higher level of quarterly FRE, which annualizes to $1.80 per share, is both sustainable and predictable, because of a long dated nature of the funds and permanent capital vehicles we manage. In addition, we expect that our FRE will continue to trend higher over time. As we grow our fee-generating asset under management across the platform. As we've said before, we believe FRE is a critical financial metrics, and it is the foundational component of our quarterly and annual cash distribution. And it is largely based on recurring management fees from the assets we manage. Management fees have comprised approximately 90% of our fee related revenue historically, and have been growing at a compound annual rate of 12% during the last five years. The growth in management fees has been augmented by an ongoing focused on efficiency, cost discipline and operating leverage, which is driven margin expansion across the platform and led to a 17% compound annual growth in core few related earnings over the same time frame. In addition to FRE, another important component of Apollo's cash earnings profile is from the distribution of net realized performance fees, otherwise known as cash carry from realization activity. In recent months, we represented a valuation framework that is available on our website and in that framework we illustrate the scenario that generated average annual cash carry of approximately $2.50 per share based on what we believe are several straightforward assumptions. Looking back over the last six years, the average annual net realized performance fee has been approximately $1.50 per share. However, we expect realized performance fee to increase in the coming years, particularly since there is approximately one-third more private equity fund capital invested today versus the average level during the previous six years. Although, the timing of realization events is difficult to predict from quarter-to-quarter, with a 28-year track record of generating significant cash distributions for investors. Clearly, you can tell from my remarks, we believe continued growth in fee related earnings and the upside provided by cash performance fees representing powerful combination of earnings potential. In fact, our view on this earning stream provides a basis for how we manage the business day-to-day forecast growth, allocate capital and compensate our talented team of professionals. Before I hand the call off to Martin. I wanted to address a topic that we know is on many of your minds, which relates to our current views regarding our structure as a publicly traded partnership and a potential conversion to a C corporation. As we noted in our last call and in meetings and conversations with many of you over the last few months, we continue to analyze the pros and the cons of a C-corp conversion. On the one hand, there is no question, that our current structure is tax efficient, and then conversion would lead to a higher tax cost. On the other hand, we recognized the potential benefit that could be derived from a conversion such as an expansion in valuation multiples, broader investment investor ownership and index inclusion. To that end, we are closely monitoring the market's reaction to our peers, which have already been converted. However, it's important to note that each alternative asset management had a different earnings mix and strategy, so the analysis around conversion varies by company. One of the items we're continuing to monitor very closely, is the sustainability of any value creation. Since converting to a C-corporation, it's essentially a one-time decision. We do not have a specific timetable for siding, but we remain committed to maximizing long-term shareholder value. As we noted before, we welcome your feedback on this important topic. With that, I'll turn it over to Martin for some additional comments.
Martin Kelly: Thanks, Josh, and good morning again, everyone. Starting with distributable earnings the $218 million or $0.53 per share, we generated during the second quarter was driven by strong growth and stability of our fee related earnings, as Josh highlighted. Fee related earnings of $186 million or $0.45 per share. We're complemented by realized performance fees and realized investment income, principally generated by monetization activity in Fund VIII, and our European Principal Finance business. In terms of our economic financial performance with the second quarter, the FRE, we generated was partially offset by two factors. One, Athene related depreciation, which amounted to $0.17 per share of unrealized losses; and two, lighter net performance fees to the modest investment performance and elevated profit share expense. The net result of these items drove economic net income of $108 million or $0.27 per share post-tax. Our fee related earnings were up 40% quarter-over-quarter, reflecting a significant rise in fee related revenues, driven by the 20% increase in management fees, which was due to the commencement of Fund IX and the completion of the Voya transaction. Importantly, our ongoing discipline around cost management was particularly evident, as fee related expenses declined slightly quarter-over-quarter. The net impact of rising the related revenues and well managed expenses resulted in meaningful FRE margin expansion of approximately 800 basis points to 53%. As it relates to the quarterly mark on Athene, the fair value decreased by 7.5% quarter-over-quarter, due to the low trading levels of it stock, partially offset by a modest reduction in the liquidity discount on the shares held on our balance sheet. As I mentioned, the net impact of the decline in value on our economic earnings was an unrealized loss of $0.17 per share for the quarter, which was felt in both credit and private equity segments given the nature of how we acquired the shares we hold. Despite the depreciation in the quarter, we believe strategic investments like a 10% economic stake in Athene, serve to strengthen our balance sheet and further align ourselves with a strategic partner. Next, I'd like to provide some context behind the quarter's net performance fee-generation. Total performance fees for the quarter were $141 million or $44 million net of profit share. Notably, each of our business segments delivered positive returns in the second quarter. In credit, on an aggregate basis, the funds we manage generated a blended gross return of 1.3% during the quarter and approximately 7% over the last 12 months. In an environment, where lower interest rates and negative nominal rates continue to persist, we believe Apollo's credit platform is delivering a compelling and differentiated value proposition to its clients through a diverse product set expands the risk and return spectrum. In private equity, the portfolio appreciated by 1.7% in the quarter, and 16% over the last 12 months. The second quarter mark was driven by 3% appreciation in publicly traded holdings and 1% appreciation in private holdings. Fund VIII, which currently represents approximately 75% of the remaining fair value of all the traditional fee funds we managed appreciated by 2.1% in the second quarter. As Leon and Josh noted, the portfolio continues to season, is performing well, and the team is optimistic about the long-term value proposition offered by the nearly three dozen companies in Fund VIII. In real assets, our investment performance as measured by the U.S. real estate equity business was up 3.7% during the quarter, and this segment continues to perform well. Finally, as it relates to the elevated profit share expense, the above average ratio of nearly 70% during the quarter was principally due to two factors: first, a higher incentive full accrual, which can vary quarter to quarter as we progress through our calendar year; and second, higher equity-based profit share arising from certain grants, which will continue to amortize at seminal levels for the remainder of the year, before stepping down in 2019 and again in 2020. With that, we'll turn the call back to the operator and open up the line for any of your questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from line of Michael Carrier of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Carrier: Hi, thanks, guys. To me, first question, if I look at the growth in the business, that's been obviously robust across the different segments. But if I look at their performance this quarter, last quarter, it's been a bit more muted. The longer term, you guys mentioned Fund VIII with a 25% IRR. So it seems like things are still pressing very well. But just wanted to get your sense, like when you look at the first half of the year, what has been driving maybe some of the weaker performance metrics? And then, when you think about the portfolio seasoning going forward, what's the outlook? And especially when we start thinking about the distributions, heading into 2019 and 2020, in realizing the performance fees? How confident are you that you can generate the same that you have seen historically?
Leon Black: Right, right, so just to clarify, because the management company DNI and - or the metric there are actually quite positive. So I think what you're really talking about is the private equity portfolio company performance in one particular quarter. And I guess, in my view - and I'm going to turn it over to Scott Kleinman, who runs private equity to provide some details - is that, there's always idiosyncratic marks in any one quarter. But we feel highly, highly confident that finding is continuing to build value and going to deliver. In fact, over the 12 months, obviously, it's 25 gross, 17 net. So the notion that we've had - we had a couple things related to retail and Canadian natural gas that we had to mark down. But like relative to the overall portfolio, we're very positive and excited about where it is. And in our track record over the last 20 years we have no reason to believe we're not going to continue to do what we've done over the last 20 years, which is generate - their high 30s gross and high 20s net. But, Scott, do you want to talk more specifically about the Fund VIII?
Scott Kleinman: Yeah, sure. So, look, as Leon mentioned earlier the fund is still fairly young with an average age of only about two years for the investments in it. Fund is off to an extremely strong start. If you remember, our performance last year was around 30% appreciation. We've seen a little slowdown as Josh alluded to, a little bit of noise in a couple of names. But otherwise, the portfolio is in extremely strong shape, would expect to see more normalized appreciation going forward from here. And as far as your question around monetization, the portfolio is shaping up. I mean, we see 2019 and then again into 2020 as being pretty strong realization years, as that fund really seasons and gets ready for realization. So we feel really confident about the portfolio. But as you all know, private equity marks don't move linearly. And so, after an extremely robust 2017, we have seen a little slowing in the first half this year. But I feel extremely confident about the portfolio as a whole.
Michael Carrier: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Katz of Citigroup.
William Katz: Okay. Thank you very much. So you had a sort of a lead on building out the opportunity set into insurance segment. And subsequent to what you've done, you had a couple of your competitors, both Blackstone and Carlyle stepping into the space as well. It seems like each of the companies has a bit of a different strategy. Could you talk more broadly about the competitive backdrop for related assets and how you sort of see the growth? I mean, I think you spent a lot of time in your prepared remarks about that. So where could we see some of that incremental opportunity? And is there any sort of risk to that thesis, just given the bit of a crowding by some of your peers? Thank you.
Gary Parr: So it's Gary Parr speaking. And you made a good point, and that is a lot of different approaches from others, including ours, so it's useful to go back. We saw the opportunity, Apollo saw the opportunity in the insurance industry 9 years ago, as to the repositioning and the restructuring that was taking place, and through that began to build Athene. Over that timeframe, we've then done the strategic capital initiatives to also build out Athora, Venerable. We have Catalina that we're invested in, that does property casualty. And then, as Leon addressed we have FCI, which shows life settlements and structured settlements. So firstly, it'd be a point that we have a platform that gives us the ability to provide solutions across a lot of different segments of the insurance industry. That gives us a lot of optimism about what we can do and where we can do things that are win-wins for ourselves, for our partners. The second part would be interestingly with others coming in, if anything we've seen the opportunity set grow over the last five years. The pressures on margins and annuities, the difficulties in Europe by country and consolidation have actually opened up more opportunities than was the case 5 years ago in terms of numbers. So we can see it and say that you got no one group, ourselves or anybody else would ever do all transactions in any sector. We've known that. We continue obviously to get things done with the Generali and Aegon in Europe, and the Voya transaction in the U.S. And we continue lastly to be in a number of conversations that are complex. They suit our abilities in terms of our expertise and their number of lines where we can employ those skills. So we - I think others in our peer group have also referenced the size of the opportunity and there we'd agree we see a lot more than any one group could do.
Josh Harris: Yeah, I mean, I would just say like, obviously, Athene chugs along at $10 billion of AUM a year in terms of its growth, plus or minus. And you can look at those numbers yourself. Athora is now in Europe, right, we're up to about $15 billion of AUM as Gary mentioned. But our capital base would indicate a capital that would allow us to get to $50 billion there. And then, now you have Catalina, which is a P&C related insurance. And, look, at the end of the day, we're also innovating across other lines of insurance. And as people come into the easier less complicated spaces, we're doing what we do, which is we're looking at things that are a bit complicated. For example, in Voya, obviously, we split the fixed annuities and created a company to acquire the variable annuities. And so, it allowed us to do a transaction that other people couldn't. But there's a lot of growth left to go. And those would be some of the near term areas.
William Katz: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: Great. Thanks. Good morning. So, Josh, you've spoken about the importance of FRE, and obviously, the progress you guys made here. And you obviously saw the step-up in the second quarter through various initiatives. Can you talk a little bit about the prospects of FRE growth from here? But really more on an organic basis kind of assuming that, the Voya type of deals, if we see more of those, obviously that's great. But from an organic opportunity, what do you guys see is the biggest drivers for all over the next 12 months. And as a kind of question to that on Hybrid Value, maybe you guys can hit on the opportunity to potentially upsize the fund, kind of given the stronger first close you had. Thanks.
Josh Harris: Yes, I'll take the first one and then I'll turn the second one over to Scott. But if you look at FRE growth over the last five years, right, we've grown revenues at 12% and FRE at 17%. And I think that, and we've achieved a lot, we've achieved so the - the management company growth is being driven by, obviously, the step-up in IX, but also really significant growth in credit. And that growth is continuing in credit. I mean, last year, we - part of it is acquisition, but without acquisitions, we're sort of adding $20 billion of $25 billion of AUM every year, just organically across our platform. And so - and then, I'd say on the margins, right, there's still going to be operating leverage in this business. I mean, obviously, we're cognizant at a 53% EBITDA margin. We made a tremendous stride and we can still make strides, but it will be increasingly incremental in terms of margin improvement as we reinvest in some of the business. Before Scott comment, Jim you want to comment on credit growth, because that's the primary driver.
James Zelter: Sure. So - and some of the things were already mentioned by TRF was a concept four years ago that that strategy collectively now is over $6 billion that's a management fee business, which we think about our business inorganically grow that drops right to the bottom line, because of how we're structured and the ability for that to be an incremental FRE contributor. Certainly, the activities we're doing in the FCI franchise, which Gary mentioned in terms of expanding our insurance capabilities, our structural credit franchise SCRF IV off to a great start we announced closings of over $2 billion in that franchise, hitting on the EPF. So those are all critical drivers to our to our FRE margins.
Scott Kleinman: Great. And just answer the Hybrid Value question. No, you're right. We've been - I think very pleased with the amount of investor interest in that product. We - as you mentioned we had a first close of $2.2 billion, we're targeting $3 billion. I think we have investor demand in excess of that. But, I think rightly with our fund here we wanted to grow this business sensibly. This is based on the demand we see for the actual underlying product. Our pipeline is fantastic in Hybrid Value right now. As we mentioned, we already had our first deal close, we expect to have a few more announced in the coming weeks, and so. This is a great product we see the sort of medium term growth here pretty extraordinary, and so would expect in coming quarters, in years to continue to grow this platform pretty meaningfully. But for the time being we are targeting around that $3 billion market.
Leon Black: I mean, bottom line is, we don't there's no reason why we can't continue to grow revenue is a double-digit and FRE in the mid-teens. And that, without any big acquisitions, like, if you have another Voya and the R&D lab is always chugging here or another something else that we start, that would be additive to that.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Devin Ryan of JMP.
Devin Ryan: Good morning, everyone. So question here just on some of the headlines around the departure of the head of the relapse of segment, it's a smaller area for you guys. But it should be great to get an update on what you're thinking there strategically just given that I know that was an area that I think there are some building enthusiasm around the potential? And just what areas of growth you're focused on and any additional expectations from where the segment could go?
Leon Black: Yeah, sure, sure. So real assets and infrastructure is a space that we since Jim and I have taken on the Co-President's role. As it space that we're looking to really get reorganized and really use as a platform to continue growth. We are in the process of reorganizing that business, and will be coming out with more specifics in the coming quarters there. But as far as how that goes, we would fully expect to continue to not only be putting additional focus into the traditional real estate platforms that we have. But we are still looking at infrastructure as an interesting platform to grow and we're really just finding the right way to get that launched.
James Zelter: Yeah, but I would say that right now infrastructure investing is across our platform in the real distinction that we may, is that we haven't yet decided to raise a carve out fund, based on the competitive nature of the field. And so that's just probably the difference, and so that would the only clarification, I would make. But as we said that, we have a debt infrastructure team, we have an equity infrastructure team. We've got funds that it's going to add, we may very well decide to do that, but we haven't yet.
Devin Ryan: Got it. Thank you.
Leon Black: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Harris of Wells Fargo.
Christopher Harris: Thanks, guys. Just a question regarding the C-Corp conversion opportunity. You mentioned, you want to evaluate the sustainability of any success that your peers may or may not be having there. Can you help us maybe determine how you guys are thinking about that exactly, I mean, how do you really know whether something is sustainable or not, I guess, this is my question? And there's some a surface it seems like a might take a while to evaluate that, but maybe that's not right?
Leon Black: Well, I think, you're right. I mean, the reality is, when you've obviously been watched actions at KKR and Ares. And certainly in the case KKR is more pronounced. We've seen that it, is that amongst a lot of things has had an impact on the multiple on our view. But at the end of the day one quarter is one quarter, and once you make this decision you're permanently constraint cash earnings. And we put out some numbers there last year as to what that would be, so I think that from our point of view, it's not something that you rush, that you got to see how things trend over a cycle, how people trade, whether there is broad bay [ph]. And then I think you can also chart like different investors, and who owns with stocks, and you can look at index inclusion over time and whether things are really included in indexes or whether they're not. And so all these things you are researchable and available, but once you make the decision to do it. It's permanent station basically. So you want to measure twice and cut once, and then just and so we're following all of these things and studying it in great detail.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I circle back on the past one, you you're your guidance from building out Athora, Midcap, Venerable and so forth. If you could just talk a little bit about maybe more strategically, how you're thinking about the next set of platforms that Apollo can drive the next wave of management fee revenue growth over the next 5 to 10 years? What areas of the market are you seeing dislocations or opportunities for introducing new and other platforms?
James Zelter: Well, Michael, this is Jim. As you said, we - let's talk let's differentiate us to platforms, some of them are really the entity that holds the assets like Athene, Athora, Catalina, Venerable, et cetera. And then, those are the insurance assets for the permanent capital vehicle, and then the platforms underneath are things like MidCap, AmeriHome, a variety of our aircraft activities in Mercks [ph]. So when we think about those they somewhat go hand in hand, certainly, Gary articulated the opportunity on the platform side in terms of, what's going on with the insurance sector as a whole, the multi-trillions that are being evaluated in terms of disposals. So we have a very concrete upper going on there on the platform side. On the asset side, as we've talked about in the past, certainly continuing to garner spots in the capital markets, where we think banks are not reentering now staying the regulatory environment. So as we think about SME lending, as we think about inventory finance; as we think about trade finance; as we think about EM Direct Lending, a variety of activities there are consistent with what we've done historically in credit. Where we are taking the role of what had been the role of the incumbent bank that those are exciting areas for us. So we purchased a smile SME lender in the UK in the last 12 to 18 months, that is one that has a small platform right now, but a great track record. So a variety of those activities focus mostly on the U.S. and Europe, but you will see a couple of small activities for us in other regions of the globe. So that's really the theme. The one big areas of aircraft, I mean, we're excited about what's going on right now we have a tremendous track record in the five years in our entity called Merck's. We certainly see a lot of activity at some competitors have come in, but the ability to expand that area is critical to us as well. So those are the breath of things that we're thinking about and Scott also mentioned at the end infrastructure debt and equity, I think you'll see us doing and pursuing activity in that space as well that would be a platform like.
Michael Cyprys: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerald O'Hara of Jefferies.
Gerald O'Hara: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Circling back for a moment, I guess, maybe digging in a little bit on the permanent capital vehicle platform has been clearly a lot of pressure on the demand from private debt, and perhaps you could share a few thoughts on how you see the opportunity for MidCap? And maybe even more importantly how - if some of the - maybe what some of the risks that might be on the horizon for a credit should we see a turn in the cycle? That's would be helpful. Thank you.
James Zelter: So just a reminder for those, the MidCap's a vehicle that we ended our ownership about four years ago, when we did five years ago, when we did the company had a balance sheet of about a $5 billion. Today that balance sheet directly is around $8.25 billion, with off balance sheet side cars and other vehicles of around $2 billion to $3 billion, so almost $10 billion. When we purchased that business, it was really a healthcare lender, focused on really ABLs, healthcare real estate and sponsor debt in the healthcare space. The evolution that now, we have a breath of the business, ABLs, revolvers, life sciences, real estate, and general sponsor business, in a variety of industries. Healthcare is about 40% of the portfolio right now. So in general, industrial is about 60%. So a very, very wide platform almost when we purchased 50 employees and almost 200 today. Your question about private debt, private debt is a word where it's anywhere from senior secured sponsor at 3.50 over to mezzanine attaching it 7 to 8 times. Certainly, we're pretty confident we have a view that on private debt, it's all about the size of your front end funnel. We focused tremendously on having a lot of folks knocking on doors, because it's a business of large numbers. And so we're excited and we're very happy in that platform, historically has had to fall to less than 20 basis points, and we feel very good about the portfolio today. Broadly speaking of private debt, there is going to be is a lot of capital has been raised. Certainly, we're a bit more cautious on subordinated debt in some of the newer vehicles. That if you're just a vintage 18 or vintage 17 on subordinated debt, that's a cause of concern. And I will tell you, in our permanent capital vehicles in our insurance companies, while we have done things that are unrated, we have maintained our focus on senior and secured and floating. So, we've been very cautious about the type of private debt that we put into our capital in our permanent insurance vehicles. But we're excited about what we see going on at midcap.
Gerald O'Hara: Great. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Brent Dilts of UBS.
Brent Dilts: Hey, good morning. Bit of a higher level question, could you talk about how the threat of trade wars impact how you deploy capital and its impact on the way you're thinking about harvesting some of the gains you're sitting on?
Josh Harris: Yeah. I mean, I'll start. It hasn't really have - we haven't seen a significant impact in our portfolio. And when you look at the overall numbers, first of all, just for the U.S. economy in general, but then even as it relates to our portfolio, it's just not significant at this point, relative to an impact that's material. But, obviously, like if it drives the markets down, it creates volatility. It'll impact both our - it'll help our ability to buy. And there's certainly going to be sectors that are obvious, that are impacted by it. So that any time there's dislocation, that's super helpful on the buy side. Clearly, on the sell side, it's a broad market - broad market confidence is affected and volatility is created. That will limit our ability to sell or to delay our ability to sell. But that would be my overview of it. Scott, I don't know if you have anything more specific.
Scott Kleinman: No, I think you summed it up well.
Brent Dilts: Great. Thanks, guys.
Leon Black: Yeah, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Carrier: Thanks, guys. Martin, just two quick things. So the FRE margin, I think you mentioned 53%. How should we be thinking about that, as you continue to grow, whether it's the insurance business, the credit business? And then you're investing in the businesses. Just how should we think about that, maybe over the next few years? And then, real quick, you mentioned like the incentive comp. I know it popped up. Sometimes it can happen on mix in accruals. But I just want to make sure I understood it more in terms of the outlook, like what we should be thinking about that, whether it's the rest of the year, this year, into 2019 and 2020? Thanks.
Martin Kelly: Sure, Mike. So, on the margins, so we hit 53% on FRE basis. We are obviously very happy with that. And looking forward, we would expect that we'd be sustainably above 50%. And so, I think - as Josh said, I think there's room for that to grow over time, probably not so much in a say-so [ph] fashion as we just experienced. But we have to balance that with investments in the platform. And so, that's - we'll make those decisions year by year as they come along. And on the profit share, it's - the ratio is exacerbated in a period when there's lower levels of carry in the autumn [ph]. So looking at realized, profit share, the rate was 58% as we reported it. But if you deduct the incentive for, in a low carry quarter, it came down to the low 40%s. And then the second component, which I mentioned in my prepared remarks, is a non-cash charge related to some executive awards which will tail off over time. So looking forward, when you sort of - when you look through the cycle on a more normalized period of time, we'd still expect the blended sort of aggregate profit share rates to be in the 40%s or mid-40% level.
Michael Carrier: Okay, thanks a lot.
Martin Kelly: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr of Evercore.
Kaimon Chung: Hi, this is Kaimon Chung in for Glenn Schorr. So more money moved from the non-sub-advised to the sub-advised, but the ratios have stayed roughly the same over the last couple years. Is there a limit to how much can be sub-advised and do you have any updated thoughts of where that number could go and how high the ratio could go.
Josh Harris: Yeah, so we talked a lot about this in the past. The number is generally in the low 20 today and it goes up and down. Certainly, our alignment with Athene is such that they would like to have that number approaching the 30% number. So we're collectively in line. I think that the numbers today reflect the opportunity set. And certainly, with their compression of yields and the compression of returns, we're being judicious with the capital mix deployed. But certainly, a very active aligned dialogue about increasing that sub-advised number, and certainly, that's good for Apollo and it's good for Athene. But it's done with the right prudence around it, to make sure that's done judiciously. But our goal would be to get that number substantially higher - mid to high 20s, if not, 30% over the next several years.
Operator: And that concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I will now turn the floor back over to Gary Stein for any additional or closing remarks.
Gary Stein: Right. Thanks, operator. Thanks everyone for joining us this morning and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Stein - Head, Corporate Communications Josh Harris - Co-Founder, Senior Managing Director Martin Kelly - CFO Jim Zelter - Co-President Scott Kleinman - Co-President Gary Parr - Senior Managing Director
Analysts: Glenn Schorr - Evercore Michael Carrier - Bank of America Devin Ryan - JMP Securities Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Brian Whalen - Citigroup Michael Cyprys - Morgan Stanley Brent Dilts - UBS Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Gerald O'Hara - Jefferies Chris Harris - Wells Fargo Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Research Michael Carrier - Bank of America
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Managements First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. During todays presentation all callers will be placed in a listen-only mode and following managements prepared remarks the conference will be open for questions. This conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to you Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications.
Gary Stein: Great. Thanks operator. Welcome to our first quarter 2018 earnings call and thanks for joining us. As usual joining me this morning are Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director; and Martin Kelly, our Chief Financial Officer. In addition, Id like to introduce a few other members of our team that are here in the room including our Co-President, Jim Zelter; and Scott Kleinman as well as Gary Parr, Senior Managing Director. Jim, Scott and Gary will be available to provide insight during the Q&A portion of todays call. As a reminder, this call may include forward-looking statements and projections which do not guarantee future events and performance. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings for Risks Factors related to these statements. Well be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call which management believes are relevant to assess the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in our earnings presentation, which is available on the Apollo website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or solicitations of an offer to purchase an interest in any Apollo Fund. Earlier this morning, we reported distributable earnings to common and equivalent holders of $0.46 per share, which drove the cash distribution of $0.38 per share for the first quarter. This quarters distributable earnings were primarily driven by fee related earnings or FRE of $0.32 per share. Lastly, we reported an economic debt loss of $0.30 per share for the first quarter of 2018 principally driven by unrealized mark-to-market depreciation within our private equity business. Lastly, you may have notice the earnings presentation we issued this morning has a new look and feel. This is part of our broader brand refresh recently launched by Apollo to be turned a new visualized entity including a streamline logo and re-launch of our corporate website. We believe this new approach reinforces our strong brand equity and position us as a leading investment management franchise. With that, Id like to turn the call over Josh Harris.
Josh Harris: Thanks, Gary, and thanks all of you for joining us this morning. As we reflect on the momentum of our business, we wanted to share our perspectives on a few important multiyear trends some of which were matched in the first quarter results principally due to the lower transaction fees and volatility environment. First, we continue to drive strong growth and fee-generating assets under management, which is being fueled by strategic capital initiatives and traditional fund raising. Second, we believe the growth trend in fee-generating AUM is underpinning strong growth in management fee revenues and scalability of our business model is driving expanding margin and fee-related earnings. These metrics have been on a positive trajectory for several years and we believe this will continue. And finally, we believe we continue to build long-term value in the portfolios we manage and we will opportunistically monetize investments as appropriate. Now, Id like to cover each of these topics in more detail. At the end of the first quarter, our fee-generating assets under management stood at $182 billion, capping a seven year run of 21% compound annual growth since our IPO. We believe this result is powerful evidence of Apollos model of work where we are pursuing strategic capital initiatives and driving growth while also raising larger opportunistic funds by continuing to deliver excellent investment performance to the investors and our funds. Over the last 12 months, our strategic capital initiatives and organic fund raising activity have collectively generated $30 billion of fee-generating net inflows across the platform. And we have conviction that strong growth is sustainable since there are several non-catalysts already in view and others are on the horizon. This year, transactions that have already been announced by Athene and Athora are expected to generate at least $25 billion of future inflows. Both companies are continuing to execute their strategies of pursuing accretive acquisitions to grow their businesses, which has the added benefit of growing a positive business since we are their strategic asset management partner. Looking forward, these balance sheets will approach the 100 billion mark following the closing of the announced Voya transaction. Athora's balance sheet will be approximately 15 billion following recently announced deal activity that will expand their European footprints to include Belgium in addition to Germany and Ireland. These transactions are expected to close later this year, subject to regulatory approvals. In addition to Athene and Athora, we continue to explore opportunities to establish new strategic capital initiatives, several of which are a direct result of our deep expertise in insurance, where we are broadening our dialogues across the sector. In terms of traditional fundraising activities, we have numerous initiatives in the market today and others are expected to launch in the coming months. As we mentioned on the prior call, we've launched a new strategy called hybrid value, which will more formally integrate the expertise of our private equity and a liquid credit investment teams by focusing on capital solutions, structured equity, and non-controlled stressed and distressed investments. The strategy will target net returns in the low-to mid-teens with downside protection, which we believe provides a highly differentiated solution to investors' portfolios. The current size for the inaugural Vintage of this strategy is $3 billion, the current target size, and we expect a first close during the second quarter. Next are natural resources franchise is continuing to perform well with ANRP2 experiencing very strong returns to-date. Since the $3.5 billion fund is currently 75% committed or invested. We expect to launch fundraising for a successor fund Vintage shortly and would anticipate at first closing around yearend. We are also seeing heightened interest for customized managed accounts across our credit business as well as the broader platform. These dialogues are with a mix of new investors as well as with current investors that are seeking to expand their existing managed accounts. During the quarter, we took a mandate totaling $1.4 billion and the pipeline of dialogue is quite active. We anticipate that a few of these conversations will likely turn into mandate during 2018. Lastly, one of our newer innovative credit products worth highlighting is called Apollo Capital Efficient or ACE, which has been designed to solve the specific yield requirements of European insurance. We believe the ACE serve as a great example of how we are leveraging our deep expertise in credit and insurance to create compelling investment solutions for European insurance companies. Given the overall momentum and needs to strategic capital initiatives and our various fund raising efforts across the Apollo platform, we believe we are well positioned to continue to grow our management fee revenues and fee-related earnings. As you know, we believe FRE as one of our most important financial metrics. Since it is the foundational component of our quarterly and annual cash distribution and is largely based on recurring management fees generated from long-dated and permanent assets we manage. Management fees are comprised approximately 90% of our fee-related revenues historically and have been growing at a compound annual rate of 8% over the last five years. This growth in management fees has been augmented by an ongoing focus on efficiency, cost discipline and operating leverage, which is driven margin expansion across the platform and led to a 14% compound annual growth and fee-related earnings over the same timeframe. We believe there is a high degree of visibility supporting a continuation of these trends that will lead to a sustainably higher level of FRE, as we progress through 2018 and beyond. This visibility is driven by recent impending catalysts including the commencement of Fund IX and the aforementioned Voya transaction. Collectively, the net addition of more than $35 billion of fee generating AUM from these items alone will add approximately $270 million of net annualized management fee revenues. We believe additional upside will be provided overtime from other growth opportunities across the platform. My comments this morning have largely covered the growth of our fee-generating assets and the positive impact of this growth, but this growth has on fee-related revenues margins and earnings. However, it is also important to emphasize the long-term value we believe our investment teams are creating in the funds we manage. In private equity for example from 2015 through 2017, the funds we managed deployed nearly $20 billion largely from funding. The fund is off to a great start and despite the decline in March in the first quarter Fund VIII has depreciated 25% over the past 12 months. It is worth noting that this is still a relatively young fund with an average life of an investment at just over two years versus our historical averagable period of approximately four years. As this fund matures, we believe it is building value in its portfolio that we expect will be monetized overtime and deliver cash distribution. Our long run track record in traditional private equity is strong with 39% growth and 25% net IRR since inception. We will value one and can train investment philosophy that dictates we are determined buyers and opportunistic sellers. Because of our historic ability to drive strong returns over a long period of time, todays economic cycles, we believe Fund VIII will ultimately follow the same pattern of differentiated performance. Finally, we continue to analyze the merits and the market valuation of a C-Corp conversion. As we discussed on our last call, there is a tax cost involved as our current structure is tax efficient. Its worth noting that each alternative asset manager has a different mix of earnings and strategy, so the analysis around conversion varies by company. As these announcements by our peers are absorbed by the market, it's possible that the positive attributes of converting to a C-Corp will materialize in the form of greater shareholder value such as an expansion in valuation multiples and broader investment ownership or investor ownership. One of the items we were continuing to monitor very closely is the sustainability of a value creation. Since converting to C-Corp, a C-Corp is essentially a one-time decision and permanent decision. We do not have a specific time table for making a determination, but we remain committed to maximizing long-term shareholder value. As we noted before, we welcome your feedback on this important topic. With that, I'll turn it over to Martin for some additional comments.
Martin Kelly: Thanks, Josh, and good morning again everyone. Staring with our cash distribution, the $0 38 we declared today was driven by the relative cash flow stability of our fee-related earnings and was complemented by realized performance fees principally generated from Fund VIII monetization activity. Focusing on the economic financial performance of the first quarter, we generated fee-related earnings of $133 million or $0.32 per share, which was offset by two factors, including the reversal of net performance fees and associated investment losses of 136 million dollars or $0.33 per share primarily due to unrealized mark-to-market depreciation in Fund VIII. And the Athene related depreciation during the quarter drove $74 million or $0.18 per share of unrealized losses between our balance sheet investment and carry arrangements. The net result of these items drove a pre-tax economic loss of 105 million dollars or $0.26 per share or an economic net loss of $121 million or $0.30 per share post-tax. Starting with FRE, the first quarter result was roughly flat year-over-year but down quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to the moderation of transaction and advisory fees. Transaction fees typically correlate with the level of capital deployment activity in a given period, and while the funds we manage to deploy capital into new investments during the quarter, these particular investments were not large enough to warrant the need for equity co-investment or meaningful financial syndication, activities which usually generate fees. Management fees were also sequentially lowered due to the cessation of management fees from Fund VI as well as the absence of some catch-up fees in credit. We believe this decrease in management fees will be short-lived as the quarterly run rate is expected to increase by approximately $50 to $55 million from Fund IX alone with modest incremental expense, beginning in the second quarter. For added perspective on Page 7 of our earnings expectation, you'll see that we've laid out the trajectory of our historical fee-related earnings growth including a bridge to our first quarter results and an illustration of the expected impacts around this near term [indiscernible]. Next, I'd like to provide some context behind the quarter's investments performance which was principally responsible for the reversal performance fees and associated equity method or GP investment losses. While the credit and real assets businesses produced positive returns in the first quarter or plus 1% to 2%, the private equity portfolio was down 3% overall. The blended private equity marked for the quarter represents significantly diverging outcomes in the portfolio, as publicly traded investments were down 16%, while private investments were up 4%. The primary source of volatility on the public side was ADT, which had its initial public offering in January and subsequently traded down during the quarter. Excluding the mark on ADT, the blended return on the portfolio would have been approximately 500 basis points higher and plus 2%. We believe the quarter's performance is quite idiosyncratic given the outsized of 38% quarter-over-quarter swing in ADT's valuation. Despite the decline, Fund VIII inception to-date gross net IRRs of 26% and 18% respectively, continue to be strong and the team is optimistic regarding the long-term value proposition offered by ADT and the other 30 plus investments in the fund. As it relates to the quarterly mark on the Athene, the fair value decreased by approximately 8% quarter-over-quarter due to the lower trading price of its stock partially offset by a modest reduction in the liquidity discount on the shares held on our balance sheet. As I mentioned, the net impact of the decline in value on our economic earnings, it was an unrealized loss of $0.18 per share for the quarter. Despite the depreciation in the quarter, we believe strategic investments like Athene serves to make our balance sheet stronger. During the quarter, we received additional shares of Athene to satisfy performance fee receivable from AAA. We have the option to monetize these shares, but we elected to increase our ownership position in the Company, as we believe it is a compelling investment and to further align our sales with a strategic corner. As a result, we now hold 19.2 million shares of Athene in aggregate, which translates into nearly a 10% economic state. To provide further context on the topics of unrealized marks and a growing Athene investment, we included Page 16 in today's earnings presentation. This page illustrates the recent growth where we stressed in our net performance fee receivable balance resulting from strong investment performance in 2017 and the components of the decline in the first quarter, which included the additional investment in Athene. Looking a bit more broadly at our balance sheet, we now hold $1.2 billion of cash and treasury and an additional $500 million undrawn revolver against $1.4 billion of debt, providing us with a conservatively capitalized financial position with ample liquidity. Now cash balance reflects the issuance of our second perpetual preferred stock security during the quarter. The transaction was well received with gross proceeds of $300 million or 6.38%. We replaced by the outcome as it allowed us to diversify our capital structure even further by additional permanent financing at an attractive rate. With this enhanced flexibility, we continue to pursue strategic capital initiatives evaluate potential M&A transactions, fund other growth initiatives and immunize share dilution of employee provided compensation. Our debt structure now includes 30 year senior notes which raised gross proceeds of an additional $300 million at 5% during the quarter, which was used to refinance outstanding term loans. We are again pleased with the outcome of the transaction as it enabled us to access new institutional systemic income investors and diversify our maturity profile. Approximately two years ago, we launched a share repurchase program that authorized up to $259 of aggregate repurchases. Through the end of March, we've cumulatively spent $159 of capital on this initiative by repurchasing roughly 5 million of shares immunized employee related share dilution as well as an additional 2 million shares in open market transactions. We intend to continue to the net share settlement programs to mitigate dilution resulting from employee stock trends. With that, well now turn the call back to the operator and open up the line for any of your questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from line of Glenn Schorr of Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: Wonder if you could just help us outline the fee structure for some of these new products hybrid value, pace and maybe the new assets taken on for the deals in both of the Athene and Athora?
Martin Kelly: Sure. So, we haven't been public with any of this. I would expect hybrid value to be in line with traditional draw down to VIII funds. And on Athora, we similarly don't plan to make a fee rate public yet. I would say it's -- the platform is formative and the fee rates are similar in context to seeing asset management, but also different in the sense of there is a base fee rate which we expect to be lower, driven by the fact that these platforms need to have treasury securities as a duration. But we will have the opportunity to earn some investments or some advisory fees overtime, which we expect will be meaningfully accretive of the time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier of Bank of America.
Michael Carrier: Josh, maybe one for you, just on Fund VIII, anyone ever -- any of the big funds have a sizable investment, it tends to be the spotlight with ADT. So just wanted to get your sense when you look at Fund VIII across the 30 portfolio companies or so, what's going on in terms of like the revenue and the EBITDA trends, the performance overall still looks very good when we look at it relative to like history and it's like you mentioned a young fund. So just trying to gauge sort of like the one investment that kind of in the spotlight versus everything else that's going on and what that means for you the future like kind of realization potential as a fund?
Josh Harris: So, I think first of all we just had a big portfolio review we do at once or twice a year, couple of times a year, and to what every company and it's pretty much the fund is in great shape as evidenced by the 25% return -- unrealized return that we reflected in the comments. And I'd say, it's pretty broad based across the portfolio, there are very few issues. And I would say that the revenues and EBITDA are growing in line with GDP about plus low single digits. But as we reflected to you all very consistent with our strategy of buying stuff that under six times EBITDA even when the market is paying over 10 times to EBITDA, even and but like -- even with ATD, while we -- while market has obviously move the stock of ADT relative to its IPO, that's still a great investment for us and marked up. I want to say 1.4 times or something which you can read in our financial statement so. I think it's a good situation and look at the end of the day, the ebb and flow of market value when you have more than 50 companies across multiple portfolios, it certainly does create some quarterly volatility. But long run, we think that the fundamentals of ADT in that portfolio are good and we're actually quite positive. I would say that when we look at the multiple on that fund relative to fair value today, it's about 7.4. And when we started, it was 5.7. So what we think were building value in the portfolio, it's still like wells out, anything -- any of the S&P 500 or any of the kind of industry comps.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan of JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Maybe just a follow-up on ADT, I know its been a big win for Apollo here, but more recently just on the public market its been a tougher run. And so, if you trying to think about -- I know every investment kind of has its unique characteristics, but this was the fast turnaround for being public company into the private market back out to the public market. So, Im just curious if there is any kind of lesson to be learned from that? Or does that change the trajectory for any other investments for Fund VIII? And I've seen some reports of some other that's when maybe public not too longer ago that could come back to the public. So, Im just curious about that?
Josh Harris: I mean look, I'll sort of illustrate of how [indiscernible] yesterday what add-on -- I mean I think that ADT, weve grown ADT, weve changed the trajectory of the earnings and the cost structure and the capital intensity of the business. And so, we wanted -- we went public and obviously the public markets were quite a more convincing, and I think something you dont always get it right exactly. You rely on underwriters and you use your best judgment. We believe in the long-term fundamental value of ADT, and certainly, we have other companies that weve taken out the public market and were certainly going to do our best to when we exit to whether its -- if it ends up being to the public market, but certainly there are other exits alternatives. To do that at the right time, after the appropriate seasoning and value creation, which we think we did in ADT, but obviously the market hasnt fully -- doesnt fully agree with that. So, I think that, that sort of I would set on if you have anything to do add.
Scott Kleinman: Yes. I would just echo Joshs comments. We feel really good about ADT specifically. I dont think you can extrapolate from that the broader portfolio. We look at every company and think long and hard about, the timing of exit and the right path for exit. And I dont think you wanted to take too much from the current trading performance. Ultimately, ADT's performance is quite strong and we would expect the market to eventually get up to that.
Josh Harris: ADT was two year's old we took a public relative to our investment rise. It wasnt headwind. We want any rush. So, were also happy to the market doesnt look like hold on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Just a follow-up question around Voya and Athora. So, heard you on the fee obviously, but I was wondering if you guys talk to the incremental FRE margins you expect to see from both of these transactions? And I guess broader, as you think about the opportunities set for Athene and Athora, how does that compare versus let's say a year ago, as we're thinking about potential and more activity here on the forward?
Josh Harris: Yes, so I'll start with the first part and then I'll pass to Gary for the second part. Both of them are very, very high margin. We dont actually disclose the specific margins, but once you built the cost structure you're adding revenues and you're not adding a lot of cost. So, there overtime, I mean obviously Athora, it's just beginning and so I dont want to overplay too much the effect on this year's earnings, but it will be marginally accretive and overtime significant when you're building the platform clearly their cost associated with it. In Athene's case, obviously, you've got fully above that platform. Voya is going to add 19 billion of AUM and that's at 30 bps, which we've announced, and plus you've got whatever we can sub-advise which today -- which was about 20% through pre-Voya. And then you get the underlying economics of those funds, so and then obviously as the asset of Voya -- the variable annuities becomes fix annuities, Athene also gets those and then we manage the assets that Athene gets. And so, those are -- that will be accretive overtime and growing from Apollo's point of view and from Athene's point of view. In terms of the more strategic aspects of your transaction, I'd like to have Gary Parr who is on the call answer that.
Gary Parr: Yes, at a high level, we continue to look for creative ways to expand our permanent capital. So Voya is a particularly good example where we saw a dilemma in the insurance industry and that is the old runoff blocks of variable business. They shouldnt -- those blocks shouldnt be in a public company, really we think they should be in a private arena. So, we also saw that they were attached to fixed annuities which were attractive to Athene. So, we bundled a transaction that was good for Voya, obviously good for Athene and good for Apollo. Now that we have the platform of a variable capability and venerable once we close, which as we intend would be midyear. And when we have that capability, it just adds to the array of things we can look at and consider, and it is the case that there are other companies that have variable of blocks that they need to address. There are some other aspects of just the life and annuity industry that are feeling continuing to feel margin pressure that placed to some of our advantages. So, we will continue to look for creative ways to do material transactions, such as Voya.
Josh Harris: Yes, and there is other types of insurance that we're looking at where we feel like similar strategy to be effective.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Katz of Citigroup.
Brian Whalen: This is Brian Whalen for Bill Katz. We noticed the pace of dry powder deployment explode quarter-over-quarter. Could you guys provide some details on what's driving that? And maybe what the challenges or opportunities are for deployment in the current market backdrop? Thanks.
Josh Harris: Yes, so Scott why dont you just -- PE.
Scott Kleinman: Yes, I would say PE deployment was a little bit slower in the first quarter, a little bit off our normal pacing. I dont see that having any longer term repercussions. We are looking at Q2 back more on normal fund, normal tracks, so
Josh Harris: Yes, I mean look Athene today, there is the ebb and the flow of the deployment cycle of the realization cycle, sometime you have a stock where you believe in it and it doesnt perform in the stock market. And so, the reality is there can be these quarterly fluctuations. But from Scott says like our -- from a fundamental long-term point of view, we feel like were going to be back on the pace.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: C-Corp conversion, you mentioned that something that youre thinking about maybe its a way to enhance shareholder value. But just curious, are you thinking about any potential change to your capital management policy, maybe as a way to enhance shareholder value, maybe paying a fixed a distribution line with that for re-growth, and using other cash generated for buyback? What sort of the drawback of that sort of the approach? And just general, how are you thinking about any sort of tweaks by requirements to your capital management?
Josh Harris: Yes, I mean I'd say that we have sort of paid out the bulk of our earnings and we continue to do that. What weve said is that, if we have -- we have highly cash accretive business, there is not a lot of need for capital other than for GP stakes and acquisitions and investments. And certainly, were sitting with an investment grade, capital structure with a $1.2 billion of cash. And selectively, were going to pursue investments and acquisition as weve done in the past. If we found something that was and compelling enough, we might and weve always said that we look at the dividend as importance. And -- but if we needed to stop the dividend, we would look at the -- we would do that if the ROI on an acquisition that require capital, was in our opinion an attractive enough to merit that. But given the cash accretiveness of our model and our -- the amount of cash on our capital structure, we havent had to do that. And so, I we dont see that happening in the future, but we reserve the right to talk about it. Does it make sense? And the reality is I mean Ill just say one more thing, I mean we dont think our -- I think weve said repeatedly, and Im not -- I mean to come across the great thing about it, but we just think that the ROI of our own stocks and the dividends flow out of our own stocks and the upside of our own stock is incredibly attractive investment. So, we just havent seen something that would warrant that. And then relative to buybacks, I think what weve said is that, we dont want to strike the flow. But what weve done is -- what were doing strategically is neutralizing the employee dilution with buybacks. And so, were going to keep on that path. Clearly, we reserve the right to change all of that, but thats kind of where we are. And I know right now, we dont see any reason to change it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brent Dilts of UBS.
Brent Dilts: On the topic of growth, so with the 2014 Investor Day you had said, you didnt think [CP AUM] would get much larger than where it was at time. Today, it's up 50% bigger. So, could you talk about your outlook for growth in that segment over the next few years, just given where you are with Fund IX starting to turn on fees, but Fund VIII and ANRP2 solidly vary and likely to see an uptick in harvesting here?
Josh Harris: Yes, I mean what we said is, obviously, we were sitting with an $18 billion fund and even though we were performing well and had performed well. We didnt expect that we would raise a largest fund in history. And so, we didn't want to set that time of expectation. And having said that, so we exceeded expectation, and we now sit with the 25 billion of our fund. We were able to deploy the 18 billion our fund in 3.5 years. So that merited us taking down a $25 billion fund and so we went forward. But we end -- I think during growth that we also said that, we didnt expect whispering growth that we felt credit would be our growth engine and that was growing kind of high-single digit or low double-digit sort of the organically, but that given the scale of private equity, we saw the incremental growth. And we did talk about other products such as natural resources. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we've added hybrid value which we think is in the middle of the capital structure and it's sort of not as competitive and really place to the strength of our integrated model between credit and private equity. And so we think we have a competitive advantage. And overtime, we are going to add products where we think we can outperform in the market in terms of returns. But it's not going to be -- it will be -- I think it will be low-to mid-single digit growth, not high single digits because of just to scale of what we're doing already.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: I appreciate the comments on the C-Corp conversion, maybe just to add a little bit more there, maybe if you can just talk about the complexity for you guys to be this obviously [indiscernible] with the little bit of different situation in every company is unique of course. But as you think about, I think you said 15% to 16% dilution on ENI last quarter would be the pro forma. And as you think about, what kind of valuation improvement you would need? Would you think you would need to see sustained to do this? And then also just on KKR's simplified reporting structure where they're limiting the ENI and focusing more on [indiscernible] and changing the comp a little bit? Just your views on whether you think that makes that type of reporting structure make sense for Apollo in the industry?
Martin Kelly: Sure, Brian, so what we've said last quarter was looking at 2017 full year. Our reported 8% blended ENI tax rate would have been 5% under the new tax code or 23%. And so, that sort of the rough order of magnitude of the leakage at the Company level, it obviously doesnt consider the shareholder level because that's a further derivation of that. I think it is a very complex topic. I think the complex comes in -- do you convert all or part of the structure is the conversion, a taxable transaction or non-taxable transaction, and then ultimately to Josh's earlier comment, we convinced that we get a sustainable uplift in the multiple of the time. And so, we continue to study it hard and spend time on it, but it's very complicated and a one-time decision. We would expect that the multiple uplift would on the whole earning stream is a couple of times, but if were to isolate that's an FRE, it's still of that. So you need a meaningful uplift to justify that's how we continue to do other work on.
Josh Harris: Yes, I mean obviously the math is relatively straightforward. If you got 15% dilution or whatever, you have to assume -- you have to think that on the overall multiple, you get more than that on sustainable basis overtime. And so, we just have to -- were studying it, were watching what others are doing. I think others going first, is helpful. We have to see that what happens overtime. In terms of the focus on DNI, thats the good focus. Management company DNI, total DNI, cash flow and obviously from an earnings point of view, we are -- we do report earnings and were committed for the earnings, and we think its a great reflection of our net view. But as you can see with this quarter and something like ADT, obviously, its a -- when stock market might take a different view of something that can affect your reported earnings, but it's unrealized, this are unrealized marks. And from our point of view, volatility and markets right while they may create unrealized mark-to-market loss is generally thats been very, very positive for us overtime. Because thats when we get to step in with lots of our locked up capital and by stuff, right. And so, there is a -- so for us ultimately what were really looking at is, cash flow, DNI, predictable DNI out of the management company and then total DNI, which is were very reflected by FRE. FRE is very, very close to cash flow out of the management company, and that were going to try to continue to emphasize that more, but we'll probably get to keep reporting everything because we want to be very transparent and allow people to look at whatever they want to look at.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerald O'Hara of Jefferies.
Gerald O'Hara: Perhaps one more on the permitting capital vehicles, you noted the closing of Aegon trend that the Aegon transaction here in our Q2. So maybe can discuss what our missing growth does provide to the European insurance platform? And I don't know if there is any ability to leverage this platform across multiple regions, but any kind of additional commentary there would be helpful?
Josh Harris: So, a couple of thoughts, as Martin refers to earlier, were building out the capability for Athora and building the platform to build it to the multi countries. Specifically, Ireland, it gave us a reinsurance platform through Ireland that is helpful for capital management and efficiency for example. There was some product capabilities embedded in that as well. There was some variable capability in fact for the equivalent of variable to European version. If thats not the business line we want to keep in, but there were some technical abilities that will help us to do other transactions. So, think about of that is another building block for giving us expertise and capability along with -- now the Generali transaction giving us a base in Belgium where we see Belgium is being just as we see Germany having a number of opportunities and it is particularly helpful to have your first base of the platform from which you then consolidate.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Harris of Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: So as you know short-term interest rates are up a lot. Wondering, if you guys could help us understand your exposure to that like, do you underlying portfolio companies have a lot of floating rate that. And are you guys being any stressors in the portfolio as a result of these losing rates? It seems like no, but just if you can elaborate on that that would be great.
Josh Harris: Yes, and we're not. First of all most of our credit portfolio is floating rate nearly all of it so when short-term rates go up, we actually just make more return from a P point of view, we're generally hedged. And also the leverage in our P portfolio is very, very reasonable. It's under 4 times and so short-term fluctuation and rates generally, isnt moving the needle between the lower leverage and the hedging that we've done relative to our cash flow.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Patrick Davitt of Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: Couple of questions on ACE. One, is this going to be the only product like it in the market? And two, what asset bucket will it fallen for the insurance companies with the idea of getting to an addressable market for this product?
Martin Kelly: Well, as Gary and others have said this morning, between the a Athene which is U.S. focused and for a European focused, there is just a different regulatory regime in terms of constructing a fixed income and insurance dedicated portfolio. So for us, obviously, we have a lot of experience in the Athene in the U.S. it's more of an NAIC portfolios largely investment grade. You know in Europe, there are different constraints under the regulatory regime, under solvency too that we've really this is really extracted that knowledge and that experienced. And in addition to using it for our own balance sheets, we're really making that intellectual capital now available to others. So it's really insight on portfolio construction, it's insight on your various asset classes in the manner which those would be treated. So for us, it's just really a logical expansion of our proprietary activities with Athene and Athora and logically expanding those look to a very thoughtful and solid inch client business. So, I think you will see us constantly doing more of that, but -- and I think that we feel like we are the leading -- we have a leading edge and leading insight in that field.
Patrick Davitt: It sounds like it's more transactional than an eight like a fee on AUM type situation?
Josh Harris: Well, I just think it's a -- we have a variety of products in our credit platform. This would be an additional product that we rolled out and have been rolling out. So, it really just continued logical expansion of our products out.
Martin Kelly: But it's not a permanent capital vehicle, another words, yes, I think you are on to the right structure. It's more of a that this part of it I mean obviously on a traction we would use this expertise, but relative to the products we're offering -- we're going to off our client to generally they are going to be more managed accounts slash possibly fund infrastructures, not a permanent capital vehicle.
Josh Harris: And that's what means product but not a permanent capital per se.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Allison Taylor Rudary of Oppenheimer.
Allison Taylor Rudary: I just wanted to dig in a little bit to the hybrid credit strategy. You mentioned that the economics might look more like a drawdown fund, but is this strategy a permanent capital vehicle? Could it morph into that and can it co-invest alongside your private equity or real asset businesses?
Martin Kelly: Sure and this really is a fund product, so its not really a permanent capital type vehicle. And it will be a -- it has a distinct strategy that fits into the Apollo ecosystem of products. So, its not really a co-investment vehicle to private equity per se. Its targeting a specific set of risk in return in corporate and other entities. And so, it will be a very distinct strategy.
Josh Harris: So, less -- probably on average, less risky more structure than private equity and a bit lower return, but still good return.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier of Bank of America.
Michael Carrier: Just quick one Martin on the follow-up. Just in terms of the incentive comp, I dont know if there is anything unusual this quarter and maybe it was just given the negative realized on the revenue side, but it just seemed a little unusual in terms of how we look at that?
Martin Kelly: Mike thats said, if we had a realized profit share cost of on the gains that we thought of mid 40s, 43, I think it was 44%. And then on the unrealized losses which exceeded the gains, we had a lower profit share cost which is driven by Fund VIII. And Fund VIII, we accrue -- if you recall Fund VIII has a cash and structural fund to its profit share. We accrue the cash and the stock cost comes later. When you net the two together, it brought down to a negligible net number.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes the Q&A portion of todays call. I will now return the floor to Gary Stein for any additional or closing remarks.
Gary Stein: Great. Thanks again for joining us today. As I noted earlier if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to circle back to Noah Gunn or myself. I look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Stein - Head, Corporate Communications Leon Black - Founder, Chairman, CEO Josh Harris - Co-Founder, Senior Managing Director Martin Kelly - CFO
Analysts: Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Glenn Schorr - Evercore Michael Cyprys - Morgan Stanley Michael Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Devin Ryan - JMP Securities Robert Lee - KBW Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Research Ken Worthington - JP Morgan Gerald O'Hara - Jefferies Chris Harris - Wells Fargo Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Brian Wu - Citigroup
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Management's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation all callers will be placed in a listen-only mode and following management's prepared remarks the conference will be open for questions. This conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to you Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications.
Gary Stein: Thanks operator. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2017 earnings call, and thanks for joining us. With me today from Apollo are Leon Black, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director and Martin Kelly, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call which management believes are relevant to assess the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in our earnings presentation, which is available on the Apollo website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or solicitations of an offer to purchase an interest in any Apollo Fund. Earlier this morning, we reported distributable earnings to common and equivalent holders of $0.77 per share for the fourth quarter and $2.37 for the full year. We declared a cash distribution of $0.66 per share for the fourth quarter bringing the total distribution for the full year to $2.06 per share. We also reported fee related earnings or FRE of $0.46 per share for the fourth quarter and $1.53 per share for the full year. We also reported economic net income or ENI of $1.22 per share. For the fourth quarter and $3.57 per share for the full year ended December 31, 2017. If you have any questions about the information provided within the earnings presentation were on this call. Please feel free to follow-up with me or Noah Gunn. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Leon Black, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Apollo Global Management.
Leon Black: Thanks, Gary and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to report that Apollo closed 2017 with solid fourth quarter results and the business continues to demonstrate strong momentum heading into 2018. Notable themes of the past year that drove the business forward include strong overall AUM growth continued growth in our permanent capital vehicles, robust investment performance, significant capital deployment and increasing realization activity. Underpinning these themes is the fact that Apollo's investment prowess and the strength of our global relationships are helping to fuel asset growth. By delivering strong returns to our fund investors through cycle, we believe we're being rewarded with an increasing amount of capital to manage. A highly successful fund raising effort of Fund IX in 2017 is just one powerful example across our integrated global integrated platform of how investment excellence is driving our business forward. The flagship private equity funds we managed have generated 39% growth and 25% net IRR since Apollo's inception in 1990. We're sometimes asked, if our success in private equity which now stands over 27 years is sustainable and repeatable and we believe it is. I'm pleased to note that our current flagship private equity fund. Fund VIII has generated growth and net IRR's of 33% and 23% respectively through December 31, 2017 and it's important to emphasize that the average hold period for investments in this fund is only two years. We believe Fund VIII performance to-date showcases Apollo's investment acumen. Since it demonstrates that even in a relatively high valuation environment, we can create meaningful value for our fund investors. Of course, with greater amounts of capital to manage comes the responsibility of sourcing and originating an increasing amount of new investments. It's no secret we're operating in a higher price environment and so finding what we believe are attractive investment opportunities at discounted valuation is a formidable path. However, we strive to meet this challenge by remaining committed to our value orientation and adhering to a consistent willingness to embrace complexity. The most telling example of this is the fact that the average creation multiple of Fund VIII portfolio companies is approximately six times enterprise value to adjusted EBITDA nearly five multiples below comparable industry averages. Bottom line we've built an enviable franchise for investing and our continued pace of capital deployment demonstrates the strength of our sourcing capabilities. Over the past two years, funds we manage together with co-investment partnerships have deployed more than $30 billion of opportunistic capital across the platform. Considering the opportunity side of our business it's just north of $100 billion or 40% of our total AUM to $30 billion of investment activity significant particularly for a value investor operating within an otherwise overvalued market. While we intend to remain active investors in the year ahead, we believe our opportunistic funds are entering another harvesting cycle led by Fund VIII. In 2017, we saw our volume of realization activity double year-over-year from $5 billion to more than $10 billion. Given the continued seasoning of the portfolios we manage, if capital markets remain strong we expect the pace of realizations to increase going forward. As you know monetization activity in our funds typically correlates with the level of realized cash carrying income we earn and subsequently distribute to our shareholders. And Josh will frame out what this trend could look like in a few minutes. Turning to asset growth. Our total assets under management grew by 30% year-over-year from approximately $190 billion to nearly $250 billion at the end of 2017. The $60 billion of net asset growth during the year was driven by several primary components including $25 billion from Fund IX the largest dedicated private equity fund in history. $16 billion from permanent capital vehicles including Athene, Athora and MidCap and $16 billion driven by robust investment performance which included fund appreciation of almost 30% in private equity. I'd like to dig into some of the detail around these drivers and offer a few comments on how we're thinking about Apollo's growth outlook. I'd like to do this by addressing each end of the target risk return spectrum that is our higher return opportunistic strategies and our lower return yield oriented strategies. Starting with the opportunistic product set, clearly private equity Fund IX was the single largest contributor to our asset growth in 2017. In addition to our global flagship fund we remain committed to our specialized private equity products including natural resources. We believe we have navigated the energy market well and have been actively deploying capital in a number of interesting opportunities amidst the dislocated market from our second fund ANRP2. The final had its final close just 24 months ago. Total commitments of approximately $3.5 billion and it's already 75% invested or committed. Consequently we expect to be in a position to launch a successor fund later this year. We also intend to supplement the growth of our private equity business by seeking ways to leverage our existing expertise and capabilities. We expect this effort to manifest itself on a variety of ways leading to the potential launch of complementary new products. One strategy that we're currently in the process of launching is called Hybrid value, a strategy which will more formally integrate the expertise of our private equity and in liquid credit investment teams by focusing on capital solutions, structured equity and non-controlled stressed and distressed investments. The strategy will target net returns in the low to mid-teens with downside protection which we believe provides a highly differentiated solutions to investors' portfolios. Turning to our opportunistic credit business, during 2017 we completed fund raising for two of our drawn down strategies. This includes our third European principal fund EPF 3 totaling approximately $4.5 billion of commitment as well as our third financial credit investments fund FCI 3 which raised almost $2 billion in commitment 75% of which is already invested. In addition our fourth structured credit recovery fund, SCRF IV raised $1.4 billion during the fourth quarter and we expect incremental closing in the future. While the footprint of our opportunistic strategy expands by raising large successor funds and launching new products, we're also continuing build the yield oriented side of our business. Although Apollo is probably best known for its higher Alpha opportunistic funds its important note that more than 80% of our $164 billion of credit AUM is focused on delivering yield. The backbone of which is our various permanent capital vehicles. These vehicles grew by nearly 20% in 2017 and now exceed $100 billion in assets. Our yield oriented strategies have a number of attractive characteristics. They're management fee driven, they're more scalable, their market volatility is lower, they're less dependent on particular economic environments to deploy capital and importantly they're serving the market well as investors continue to search for yield. Given these positive attributes yield strategies are important for Apollo and we expect they will serve as a significant source of our growth in the years ahead. One example of how we're facilitating growth in our yield business is the recently announced annuity transaction with Voya and Athene. Working together we were able to create a win, win, win solution for Apollo, Athene and Voya to acquire Voya's fixed and variable annuity businesses. Upon closing of the transaction which is expected around the middle of this year. Apollo will manage an incremental $19 billion of fixed annuities they're being added to Athene balance sheet. In addition together with several strategic investors including Athene and Voya we've established a new permanent capital vehicle called Venerable that will acquire the variable annuity pieces of the transaction. We believe this transaction with Voya is illustrative of how Apollo and Athene are uniquely positioned to provide creative, holistic solutions for an array of insurance companies seeking to address their fixed, variable and life businesses. Another permanent capital vehicle that is been building over the past year is Athora. A business which is focused on consolidating the insurance market in Europe. The platform which is pursuing acquisitions in the market we believe is in excess of $3 trillion is been scaling up and is well capitalized. Currently Athora has approximately $8 billion of assets and has the potential to acquire up to $40 billion to $50 billion of total AUM with its current equity base. Clearly the growth opportunities available to us are sizable and compelling and we look forward to providing you with updates on these initiatives as we move through the year. Before I hand the call over to Josh. It's important to acknowledge that our outstanding achievements would not be possible without the dedicated efforts of Apollo's incredible global team that now exceeds more than 1,000 employees including the early 400 investment professionals. As a result of our entrepreneurial culture the breadth of our integrated platform and our reputation for excellent investment performance. We've been able to attract, retain and promote what we believe is one of the strongest teams in the financial services industry. In that regard, I'd like to highlight the recent promotion to Scott Kleinman and Jim Zelter to the newly created position of Co-President's. Scott and Jim are two of the most talented investors and managers in the industry. They're natural leaders and I along with Marc and Josh wanted to give them the opportunity to take on more responsibility at the firm. Their promotions reinforce our integrated model and reflect a logical progression of their distinguished careers in which they've had great success playing key roles in building and managing Apollo's core businesses. We congratulate them on their accomplishments and look forward to working with them in new roles as we all continue to take Apollo to new heights. With that, I'll turn this call over to Josh for some additional comments now.
Josh Harris: Thanks Leon. I'd like to continue the call by providing some additional commentary around investment performance then discus our cash earnings profile and conclude with some thoughts around shareholder value as it relates to our business structure. Starting with investment performance the funds we manage generated positive results across all three segments for the quarter and full year. Private equity performance was particularly strong with 9% appreciation for the quarter and 29% for the full year. Fund VIII continue to display significant momentum appreciating by 13% in the quarter and 41% for the full year. Fund VIII's performance in the fourth quarter was positively impacted by ADT which contributed a little more than a third of the funds gained in the period. Aside from ADT which Martin will discuss further the upward lift and the remainder of the portfolio was driven by companies held within the media, telecom and technology, chemicals, business services, natural resources and leisure sectors. In credit despite a tight credit environment the segment's positive performance was broad based. With a blended gross return of 2% for the quarter and more than 8% for the full year. In a world where lower interest rates and negative nominal rates are abundant. We believe 8% blended return on our funds generated across a variety of underlying strategies is quite differentiated. Reflective of their respective risk reward profiles, the opportunistic draw down funds generated a gross return of 13% in 2017, while the yield oriented liquid performing strategies generated a gross return of more than 6%. Now I'd like to describe how the growth drivers Leon discussed translate into a more attractive cash earnings profile for our business. Our total cash earnings reflects a combination of our more predictable fee-related earnings and our incentive earnings. As you know, we believe fee-related earnings is an important financial metric for Apollo. It is the foundational component of our quarterly and annual cash distribution since it is largely based on recurring management fee income that is generated from long dated assets we managed. Management fees have comprised approximately 90% of our fee-related revenues historically and we've been growing in a compound annual rate of 14% since our IPO in 2011. When combined with our discipline around cost management to drive margin expansion, our compound annual growth rate on fee related earnings over the same timeframe exceeded 20%. We're proud to note that our fee-related earnings margin or FRE margin in 2017 was 49% and once Fund IX begins its investment period we expect this margin to exceed 50% in 2018. Because of our significant profitability we have been able to continue investing in our business to support its feature growth. For example, over the last two years we grew our headcount by more than 100 people and we've also been focused on growing our origination capabilities. Furthermore there is a high degree of visibility around growth in our fee-related earnings. Particularly over the near to medium-term with the expected contributions of Fund IX as well as the Voya assets Leon discussed earlier. As of the end of January, Fund VIII is 90% committed. Therefore our current expectations that we will commence investment period for Fund IX and start earning management fees by the end of the first quarter. As we've stated we expect the commencement of Fund IX will add approximately $200 million of annualized management fees, net of fee reductions and other funds. Ultimately as FRE grows so should the consistency and level of our cash distribution to shareholders. As worth reiterating that FRE does not include incremental distributions from realized cash incentive fees which have averaged approximately $1.50 per share over the last six years. As Fund VIII moves into its harvesting phase we expect cash distribution from incentive fees to increase in the coming years since there is approximately one-third more private equity fund capital invested today versus the average level during the same six years. We expect the potential for higher realized cash incentive fees will augment our indicated minimum baseline distribution for $1.30 per year and further strengthen Apollo's cash flow profile. Before I hand the call over to Martin, I'd like to reiterate our ongoing commitment to identify ways in which we can increase shareholder value. With that in mind, the current structure of our business as a publicly traded partnership was formed following careful thought and analysis. And we believe our shareholders have appreciated the economic rewards have received through this structure over the years. That said, we understand the complexities which exist for public market investors owning our shares versus those of traditional corporation. So we have begun to analyze how the recent US tax reform may alter Apollo's approach towards value maximization. The initial findings numerical analysis indicate the following. If the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act have been effective at the beginning of 2017, we estimate our pro forma economic net income would have been $3.68 per share which is $0.11 or 3% higher than our reported results of $3.57 per share. Our pro forma effective tax rate would have been 5% versus our actual rate of 8%. The driver of the pro forma increase to ENI is a reduction in the statutory rate on our ordinary income importantly approximately 75% of which is attributable to FRE. Now, if the publicly traded partnership entity within our current structure had been a corporation at the beginning of 2017 and the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act have been effective we estimate our pro forma economic net income would have been $3 per share which is $0.57 or 16% lower than our reported results of $3.57 per share. In addition, our pro forma effective tax rate would have been 23%. The primary driver of the decrease to ENI in this scenario is the entity level taxation on performance fees. Of course, we recognize that with a simplification to our current structure there might be positives to partially or wholly offset the earnings dilution we would have experienced. Such as an expansion in valuation multiples. Given the very recent changes to the tax code and the complexities involved we're continuing to assess the best path forward for Apollo including how investors value different structures on a sustainable basis. And we welcome any feedback you may have as we continue to do our work. With that I'll turn it over to Martin for some additional comments. Martin.
Martin Kelly: Thanks, Josh and good morning again, everyone. Apollo's robust fourth quarter results contributed to our significant earnings growth in 2017. Full year total economic net income of $1.4 billion or $3.57 per share is more than 50% greater than 2016 full year ENI. The strong growth was driven by a significant increase in carry income resulting from the robust investment performance across our business segments that Josh discussed earlier. For the fourth quarter we generated total ENI of $490 million or $1.22 per share. Pre-tax our economic income was $539 million or $1.34 per share driven by the following key components. FRE of $187 million which contributed $0.46 per share, total net carry of $327 million which contributed $0.81 per share and total other income predominantly investment income related to balance sheet investments in our funds of $41 million which contributed $0.10 per share. As it relates to FRE, we saw a heightened level of fee-related revenues during the fourth quarter driven by deployment related transaction fees in both private equity and credit. For the full year although transaction and advisory fees were sequentially lower than 2016, primarily due to normalizing deployment levels in private equity. Management fees grew 11% sequentially. Meanwhile fee-related expenses which include our base compensation and G&A grew only 4% year-over-year reflecting the cost discipline Josh mentioned earlier. Overall as we think about the outlook for FRE in the immediate term. Management fees on Fund VI which were running at approximately $20 million per year turned off in January and we would expect to normalization of the elevated transaction fees we saw in the fourth quarter. Looking beyond the first quarter, the impending stair step related to Fund IX net of the step down in Fund VIII and the aforementioned Fund VI turnoff will drive fee-related earnings materially higher by approximately $0.50 per share on an annualized basis. We believe any reduction in 2018 fee-related earnings based on the timing of Fund IX management fees commencing by the end of the first quarter versus earlier in the quarter will be more than offset by incremental growth throughout the platform. In terms of performance fee and balance sheet related income, we earned $368 million of net carry and investment related income during the quarter. The results were driven by two primary factors. One, strong investment performance across businesses which drove net carry income of approximately $327 million and two; appreciation in the value of the investments totaling our balance sheet. Principally gained from GP investments in our funds partially offset by a modest reduction in the fair value of Athene. In private equity carry income earned in the quarter was primarily driven by appreciation in Fund VIII. As Josh mentioned ADT was a meaningful driver of this appreciation during the quarter as the company has continue to perform well. At December 31, ADT was marked at $12.75 per share. In credit, carry income was primarily driven by draw down funds with particular strength coming from our financial credit investment or FCI and European Principal Finance or EPF strategies. As it related to quarterly mark on Athene, the fair value decreased by approximately 1% quarter-over-quarter due to the lower trading levels of its stock and partially offset by a modest reduction in the liquidity discount on our shares. In December, approximately 1.3 million shares of Athene were reserved for Apollo that we previously earned as part of our net carried interest in AAA. In March, AAA will make a final distribution of its Athene shares at which times we will receive the 1.3 million shares from December plus additional Athene shares to cover the remaining unpaid balance of our current net carry interest in AAA. Which stood at $139 at year end? We've not yet decided as to whether these carry related shares will be kept on our balance sheet or sold and result in distributable earnings. With respect to our financial profile, our balance sheet today is strong and with solid investment performance in our funds, with upside created from strategic investments like Athene and Athora it is only getting stronger. At quarter end, the economic balance sheet comprised approximately $6.50 per share of value, which is up more than 50% from a year ago. This growth was driven by the strong appreciation in the value of Athene as well as the significant increase in the value of our net carry interest receivable. At the current balance of approximately $2.75 per share. Our net carry interest receivable is almost six times the cyclical low of approximately $0.50 per share just under two years ago. With regard to our cash distribution the $0.66 we declared today for the fourth quarter was driven by two primary factors. First, the relative cash flow stability of our fee-related earnings and the upside it can create by leveraging the funds integrated platform as it relates to sourcing, financing and executing sizable transactions. The quarter's cash distribution included $0.46 of FRE and second, there was approximately $0.30 of cash carry and incentive fees included within the distribution resulting from a variety of portfolio realization events. Realized carry from private equity funds drove 18% per share while realized carry from credit funds drove approximately $0.12 per share. With that we'll now turn the call back to the operator and open up the line for any of your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] your first question comes from the line of Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Thank you for providing a lot of details both on taxes and ADT, obviously pretty important issue. So I know a lot work went into it, so thanks. My question to you guys is something Leon talked in his prepared remarks really around just the outlook for more specialty funds. I guess when you take a step back and think of about Apollo the next kind of three years. what percentage of Apollo kind of private equity assets do you anticipate these funds to contribute and how are the economics will differ from kind of what you have currently in the opportunistic market both in terms of fees and margins? Meaning do you need to make any meaningful investments in the business to kind of grow that leg of the stool.
Josh Harris: Yes, I'd say that the flagship funds are going to continue to represent a disproportionate amount of our overall private equity earnings. But having said that as Leon mentioned we've adding and we created a business called EPF which is now up to about 4.5 billion in its latest fund. We created a natural resource business which is as Leon mentioned is nearly full through its $3.6 billion and about commence thinking about another fund. And we've announced - Leon talked about hybrid value right where, we don't need - and so in each case generally when you're starting a business from scratch you do need to add to the team and therefore the early margins are probably less than they would be in a mature business but overtime they grow and become quite consistent, once the business scales and I think certainly the EPF business and RP [ph] business I didn't even mention the FCI, the FCI business, insurance length business. So those are scale businesses. In the case of hybrid value we're going to have to add very little cost because we're using our existing payments. In some cases, the margins drop through and I would expect the specialty funds to be an increasing percentage, but still a relatively small percentage of our overall private equity in comp.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr of Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: The other side of tax reform just curious, you outlined all the good info related to you as a company, how if any have you evaluated that's impact on how you invest, whether it be using leverage inductibility [ph] and things like that in terms of the investment you make or does it impact different types of products you grow like, is there altering demand by LPs [ph] anything like that on the investing side feature [ph].
Josh Harris: I mean obviously with the tax law changes, every time we make an investment its E&P and everywhere. We model out clearly the after tax cash flows of those companies and certainly the tax changes, the lower tax rate. you mentioned interest deductibility which in a small way for a very small number of companies because of how our companies are not very leveraged given that we pay very low purchase prices, would affect a few companies and there is a lot of puts and takes, but at the end of the day. certainly the after tax cash flows, the tax reform act was positive overall for our portfolio and certainly we're modeling all the nuances of all of that stuff into every investment decision and so we're definitely taking account of it and it's very complicated. In terms of shipping LP [ph] demand we haven't seen that. We have not experienced that.
Leon Black: I just want to underscore what Josh laid out, so that it's clear. Our private equity model is very value oriented we've proven that again and again. The fact that we're living in a 10.5 multiple of EBITDA environment for TEV [ph] average price is paid and we're paying less than six times than our last portfolio. Attest to that. But what does it mean when you only pay six times for a company. It means that on average we're leveraging those companies 3.5 to 4 times which is materially also less than what our peers are doing. So when you look at this tax reform deal certainly a plus going from 35 to 21. Certainly a plus as to what you can expense on capital expenditures. Could be a negative to some on interest deducibility, but less so for those transactions that are levered less which is really our sweet spot of what we do is leveraging less because we're paying less. So net-net, when you add that all up we think this is actually a plus to our business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Just coming back to tax reform, you mentioned in fewer C-Corp you have 16% lower earnings or leakage there and 23% tax rate. So I'm just curious if you, that was for 2017 just curious if you look over the past five years or - and since you went public what that would look like just given the mix and earnings particularly as you look out over the next couple years, where performance fees to be more meaningful. So just curious how that would look and then also if you convert to a C-Corp how you would think about your distribution policy? How that might change?
Josh Harris: Yes, I mean the answer it was a lot of work - 2017. We haven't gone back and looked at the last five years and we have not, I don't think we would. We're midstream and analyzing all this and wouldn't really comment on how we - are still thinking about, if we converted. How that would affect our distribution policy?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier of Bank of America.
Michael Carrier: Just question on the credit side of the business. In your guy's prepared remarks I think you mentioned with Athora like that market opportunity being somewhere in like $3 trillion. You did the Voya transaction just wanted to kind of see what you're seeing out there in terms of those types of opportunities and why more importantly given the growth that we've seen in that platform over the last three years. How do you see that playing out you know over the next to three to five given all the initiatives in place? And maybe the credit backdrop.
Josh Harris: I mean I think look obviously if you're talking about the strategic capital vehicles around insurance, Athene, Athora. I think we think that could be a quite a large opportunity going forward. I think one of the things that Leon said about Athora was that, even under our existing capital base that could be, he mentioned that could be a $50 billion opportunity just from the existing capital base we've already raised and he mentioned that we were at 7 today. That gives you a sense that it could be large and we - in terms of how we think about it. Athene obviously is at this point pro forma for the Voya transaction. Close to $100 billion in assets in AUM. And they're growing organically just by various ways that they grow organically in the mid-to-high single digits and they're still out looking for acquisitions and there are lot of acquisitions available to them and so they're hard to predict. So I think that, we do expect that gives you some sense but clearly there are stair step things that can occur and we're also starting and we haven't talked about it as much, but with the Venerable platform which is a variable annuity platform that gives us a capability to go into variable annuities which is a whole new business and then obviously we started a property in casualty vehicle as well that we've recently acquired which is also a platform and so, we do see this as a competitive advantage in area where we'll be able to grow and obviously we were zero going back six, seven years ago and now we're $100 billion and moving up. So that gives you as much of sense as I can probably give you on the call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan of JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Maybe a question here just on, so the one main acquisition I thought was pretty interesting and it seems to be a little bit of nuance strategy taking kind of large public company and keeping it public. You know it was obviously well received by the market. So I guess the questions as we're thinking about or contemplating deployment of Fund IX, should we think about this as maybe a special situation or one off or you look at other types of situations along the same lines and just any other thoughts around kind of the pipeline I guess for Fund IX as well as we're getting closer.
Josh Harris: Well if you look at, I mean I think one of the things you could do is just, I mean if you look at funding right obviously. With the kind of flow into passive income strategies and pressure on hedge funds and so forth. Even though the markets have traded at a relatively high multiple there's really been a bifurcation fewer growth stock or industry [indiscernible] very high multiple but there is tons of companies that have been left behind in the public markets and in Fund VIII we deployed like around half the fund, if you will and public companies like ADT is really the biggest example of it where we took them private. In terms of leaving them public, now leaving them public. I mean each situation is different and so you customize each transaction around what makes sense in many cases leaving things public you have to, do things to the business, you have to change cost and lower cost and so make it easier to do that in a private setting and where you go public, but not always. And in case of OneMain it's a very large capital. Having its huge capital base is relevant and important and access to the public markets and we took a different path. But I think that in each case, each transaction is different but your underlying point, is that the public market is providing fertile hunting ground for us and we would expect that to continue into Fund IX and we deployed $5 billion last year and that gives you a sense of kind of our sort of current thoughts around deployment, if you will. But it's very variable and deal specific.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee of KBW.
Robert Lee: I guess going back to taxes little bit. Martin, so what would be, what do you expect will be the effective tax rate on FRE. As it flows through the block or in 2018 and then, I mean in the past Josh you've mentioned that kind of view the base, I believe the base distribution from FRE is being about I think it was $1.30 a year, call it. Does tax reform I'm assuming maybe bumped that up a bit?
Josh Harris: Yes, I'll start first then I'll let Martin answer that. I mean the answer is, we got, I mean we've been growing our FRE at 20% per annum, right? Like we said that and so as FRE grows our base distribution is going to grow. I mean obviously - and certainly the accretion from taxes on FRE and we mentioned that 75% of the increase was FRE related and certainly that increases our FRE. So all this stuff is a positive, we just bumped the distribution from a $1 to $1.30 in August of last year and we like to keep you all smiling on the phone and so we're conservative and we allow our earnings to leap forward and bump up kind of what we communicate as sort of minimum distribution behind our earnings, but yes, our earnings have a lot of momentum and so therefore we would expect overtime that our minimum distribution would move up and we also think that the tax rate, the tax reform positive to our FRE is something we'll, overtime reflect in our distributions.
Martin Kelly: I'll just add. We're not giving guidance on range at this point, as there is puts and takes and then there this and points of our income streams that laid assumptions around them, but I think it's fair to assume that. A reduction from 35% to 21% would have a proportional reduction on the FRE tax rate. I'm sorry I'd use that for now and until we're in a better position to predict.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt of Autonomous.
Patrick Davitt: You mentioned earlier higher after tax cash flow for the subset of group portfolio exposed to the lower US corporate tax rate, but didn't mention that as a drive 4Q marks. So my question is, has the higher after tax cash flow factored into higher marks that all yet and should we expect to see that in coming quarters, if not or is that just something that will suddenly unlock when you sell or IPO the positions that benefit.
Josh Harris: Yes we did a lot of work around this going through the year end close. Most of our companies NP [ph] the far majority of values using comps and in most cases that's an EBITDA comp. So if you look at the S&P 500 for the quarter it was up 6.5%. We're up 9% or so across the book. So we saw that and saw some added multiple expansion on top of that. And then for the companies that don't have probably comps where we do a DCF which is a relatively small handful we factored in, what we think for now is yes the impact on free cash flow in our valuation. So to the best of our ability realizing that every company is different and the tax code is complex, it's been factored in.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington of JP Morgan.
Ken Worthington: Just maybe follow-up on the Voya transaction. Maybe talk about how Apollo's value proposition and variable annuities, Venerable compares to what you and Athene have done historically on the fixed side. And do you see a big enough market on the variable annuity side? Given strong markets or is the real potential kind of during or after global equity sell off. Thanks.
Josh Harris: Yes, so look I mean obviously we've created a vehicle that is focused on variable annuities that business is been under a lot of pressure for a long period of time and actually, there is many, many shareholders of broad based insurance entities and it means the Voya stock was very positively affected by the transaction, so it was really a win, win, win and so having this capability. And it is a little more complicated you actually have to use a lot more hedging capability to make sure that you've appropriately factored in the volatility of the payouts. But having that capability which we've developed will allow us to take advantage of market opportunity where there is a lot for sale and very few buyers. So we'll be able to be pursue these in a very value oriented way. In addition, many blocks of insurance are sold with both fixed and variable components and so the opportunity to partner with Athene and help them unlock value which obviously in turn helps us unlock value as well, is also a big possibility and so I would say that's how I would characterize it. That it's a big market. Right now we're not managing the assets of Venerable. So that would be a difference, but it gives us all these opportunities to create value.
Leon Black: I think just to underscore that, again going back to the win, win, win that Josh just referenced. The market for fixed which is what Athene has been built on over the last eight years is very competitive right now and pricey, we saw that in the FNG [ph] transaction where we chose not to play because we didn't think the returns were there even with our synergies. But to be able to buy fixed at a discount by creating holistic solution for insurance companies that are willing to shed both fixed and variable together and to create an entity like Venerable, which on its own can be structured in a way that it makes sense from a risk reward point of view. Is really where the win, win, win comes. So yes we will look at the variable world our preference obviously will be for those insurance companies that can now look at the Voya transaction as a model to be able to do some type of combination of fixed and variable and the fact that we have the expertise and now a track record for actually having done this. I think could be an attractive growth vehicle for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerald O'Hara at Jefferies.
Gerald O'Hara: And maybe just one for Martin, just kind of looking at the G&A line here in the back half of the year, maybe a little bit elevated over the first half likely some reinvestment or investment in the business. Just kind of hoping to get a sense of how some of the new funds and strategies you all mentioned that are kind of on the come, might be balanced against scale and obviously predecessor funds and how we should think about that line item growing forward into 2018. Thank you.
Martin Kelly: Sure, so if you, we separate that into cost related to raising fund, fund formation costs and all other G&A and placement fees are clearly episodic and based on the timing and the amount of capital we've raised through third party. So that's dependent on capital raising. If we you look at G&A ex- that. It's going modestly but actually the first couple of quarters of the year were bit low to the [indiscernible] and I would look at the back quarters as more in line with a good run rate going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Harris of Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: Were the insurance affiliates becoming such large contributors to your results? Was wondering if you guys can talk a little bit about the risks associated with these vehicles and then how you can mitigate those risks?
Josh Harris: Yes so first of all, I mean obviously insurance businesses are levered business, but and so therefore and they're spread business and so I'd say that you need the capability of managing the liabilities and the liability payouts and so, and projecting those payouts for [indiscernible] and then at the same time you need opportunity to manage and create value on the asset side. In today's world actually the challenge for most insurance companies is left along the liability side and more on the asset side, but in our case. So because of the asset management capability we have and the yield, the ability to generate yield. We think we're helpful and advantaged in creating that extra fresh spread and when there is you're levered as insurance companies are, an extra 100 basis points can in spread can be enormously valuable and so we put in place, we have a lot of asset management capability in Europe, we have a lot of asset management capability in US. We're investing in our business across all areas of yield to generate this incremental 100 to 200 basis points, which we think will facilitate the insurance companies that were partners with growth. In case of all of our insurance entities that are separate standalone company, they have very, very defined and thoughtful, liability management processes many of which have been involved in place for many, many years and obviously we're very comfortable with the way they manage risk, so that's what I would say about all that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Just back to the conversion to C-Corp comments and thanks again for doing all the work on that, but maybe just some initial thoughts. I appreciate this early in the process, but how do you think about what type of valuation improvement you would need to offset that 15% dilution given the certainty of tax of paying higher taxes versus the variability around the valuation. I guess maybe just to frame what kind of cushion you think you would need.
Josh Harris: Yes I mean I think we're still early in our thought process and obviously we wanted to and we did put the numbers out there for 2017. Clearly we need to look at the numbers going forward. Where management fees become an increasing part of our earnings and then there is a lot of complexity to the underlying shareholder, tax rates all which are different. And so and then obviously what you're saying is, what will be the - what if any would be multiple expansion if you simplified your structure? And that's a very complicated question and one that you need to answer on a sustainable basis, right? It's not just looking at what happens the day you announced it, it's looking over period of many, many, many years. And so we really that's just the conversion that we expect to be having with you and our ourselves over the next number of quarters or even years. And also we're going to look at each company in the industry is quite different. They have their own dilution. Based on their own earning streams. And we know to look at what other people do and watch, well how the market approaches valuation there, if something were to happen with one of our competitors.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz of Citigroup.
Brian Wu: This is Brian Wu in for Bill Katz, this morning. I'm wondering if you could provide some more color on your outlook for realization for Fund VIII.
Josh Harris: I mean I think we're not going to get into, I'll let Martin answer this, numerical question. But if you look at the fund, right it's maturing. Certainly the average invest in Fund VIII between two and three years, but the fund itself started in 2013 and so you're seeing the early investments in the fund reached kind of maturation process and we're - you're seeing certainly the ADT IPO. But there's numerous other things that have happened with some of the other companies Presidio would be another where we're starting to set ourselves up for valuation, but I don't think we're putting specific numbers on that. But I would expect if the markets fold up, that you'll start to see increasing incentive company realizations and distributions.
Martin Kelly: I'd say we're doing again our realizations in 2017, where NP were $4.5 billion wasn't all funded, but a large chunk of that was. We have a lot of monetization candidates but it's sort of case-by-case so we would expect in a normal marketing condition that trend would continue to increase and it will spread out over the next couple of years.
Josh Harris: Yes and what I said in my prepared remarks, right is that, the average over the last five years $1.50. I mean troughed out at very little right. This year, I think it was $0.60 or so?
Martin Kelly: $0.50.
Josh Harris: Yes, so at a $1.50 right that was using a capital base that was two-thirds the size of our current capital base. Right? So you can do the math yourself in terms of what that would apply to that $1.50 on an average basis and so the peak could, you know could be - you know the peak last year was the peak in earnings were close to $4. I don't know exactly what the volatility will be but certainly we're coming off a low and into realization cycle, where you could see expansions above and average that now should be higher because of the new capital and then you could see some above average distributions coming over the next few years.
Operator: That concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I will now return the floor to Gary Stein for any additional or closing remarks.
Gary Stein: All right, thanks operator and thanks everyone for joining us. As I said earlier if you have any follow-up questions feel free to circle back to me or Noah Gunn. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thanks.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Stein - Head, Corporate Communications Josh Harris - Co-Founder, Senior Managing Director Martin Kelly - CFO
Analysts: Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Mike Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Kaimon Chung - Evercore ISI Bill Katz - Citigroup Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Research Chris Harris - Wells Fargo Michael Cyprys - Morgan Stanley Jordan Friedlander - Credit Suisse Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Ken Worthington - JP Morgan Devin Ryan - JMP Securities Robert Lee - KBW Gerald OHara - Jefferies
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Managements 2017 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During todays presentation all callers will be placed in a listen-only mode and following managements prepared remarks the conference will be open for questions. This conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to you Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead.
Gary Stein: Great. Thanks operator. Welcome to our third quarter 2017 earnings call, and thanks for joining us. With me today from Apollo are Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director; and Martin Kelly, Chief Financial Officer. This call includes forward-looking statements and projections, including with respect to future distributions by the company. These statements do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Well be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call which management believes are relevant to assess the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in our earnings presentation, which is available on the Apollo website. Earlier this morning, we reported non-GAAP economic net income or ENI of $1.07 per share for the third quarter ended September 30, 2017 including $0.40 per share of fee-related earnings or FRE. Apollo also reported distributable earnings to common and equivalent holders of $0.42 per share driving a cash distribution of $0.39 per Class A share. If you have any questions about the information provided within the earnings presentation or on this call, please feel free to follow up with me or Noah Gunn. With that, Id like to turn the call over to Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director of Apollo Global Management.
Josh Harris: Thanks, Gary, and thank you all for your continued interest in Apollo. I would like to take this opportunity to walk through the two key drivers of our business that helped produce our strong third quarter results including continued asset growth and strong investment performance. I would also like to provide you with some context on our capital deployment and the expected timing of the commencement of the Fund IXs investment period. As usual Martin will conclude with some comments regarding Apollos financials results before we take your questions. Starting with asset growth, Apollo has now surpassed $240 billion of total assets under management. Today the platform includes the largest alternative credit business and the largest dedicated private equity fund. Were driving our business forward through traditional fund raising efforts and strategic capital initiatives, which we believe provides us with a strong base of nearly $100 billion of primarily capital to manage. The third quarter continued to reflect our strong momentum in one of the most significant asset growth periods in our history with growth inflows totaling $56 billion over the last 12 months. Third quarter inflows of $8 billion included approximately $6.5 billion from our credit business. Credit inflows were generated by diverse group of products concentrated around a $2.4 billion increase in assets managed for Athene primarily driven by continued organic growth in their business, approximately $2 billion from Drawdown funds, where were raising larger amounts for every flagship successor fund in the market. For example total capital commitments for EPF III, the third vintage of our European Principal Finance Strategy rose to $4.3 billion after the fund held an $800 million close during the quarter. SCRF III, the third vintage of our Life Settlement Strategy rose to $1.9 billion following a $1 billion final close during the quarter and the fund has already been actively deploying capital recently completing a transaction which utilized more than $1 billion of the funds capital, driving the fund to be approximately two-thirds deployed. We also had approximately $2 billion of inflows from a combination of CLOs, advisory assets, mid cap, hedge funds and other credit mandates during the quarter. Lastly subsequent to quarter end, the fourth vintage of our structured credit recovery strategy SCRF IV, Structured Credit Recovery IV, had a strong first close of nearly $1 billion. We expect this fund will be larger than its credit factor, which had totaled commitments of $1.2 billion. Turning to investment performance; the funds we manage delivered solid results across each of our businesses during the quarter and served as a primary driver of our significant earnings and net receivable growth, that Martin will discuss further. On a gross basis, for the quarter Private Equity was up 7.3%, and was the largest contributor to our unrealized net carry income during the period. In addition credit was up 1.9% and Real Assets up 3.8%. The 7.3% appreciation in the Private Equity funds we managed was driven by a continued strong performance among our funds private portfolio company holdings. Importantly we are seeing continued positive momentum for funding, which appreciated 11.5% during the quarter and is up 25% year-to-date. At the end of the third quarter, Fund VIII had since inception growth and net IRRs of 29% and 19%, respectively. Fund VIIIs net IRR has increased by 600 basis points in just the last 12 months and we expect additional value creation from this fund for two primary reasons. First, with the average whole period of just under 2 years, the Fund VIIIs investors, many of these companies are still in the early to middle stages of implementing their respective value optimization and strategic initiatives that were set forth for the original investment thesis. And second, since the average creation multiple of Fund VIII portfolio companies is nearly 5 multiple points below industry averages of approximately 10.5% enterprise value to EBITDA, there is a meaningful upside potential as these portfolio companies execute their business plan on are increasingly valued more in line with relevant market metrics. In credit, despite a tight credit environment investment formats of the funds we managed continued to year-to-date upward trajectory during the quarter appreciated 1.9% on a gross basis and up 1.6% on a net basis. If we look at some of the cost drivers within our credit business, our Drawdown funds generated gross and net returns of 2.7% and 2.2%, respectively during the quarter, primarily driven by our European principal finance strategy. Within Real Assets our U.S. Real Estate Funds continue to perform well appreciating 3.8% during the quarter on a gross basis, with since inception net IRRs in the mid teens. Touching on the capital deployment for a moment; we are maintaining our value oriented discipline across the platform. In Private Equity, although market valuations remain near on for highs we are continuing to utilize our differentiated sourcing capabilities to find what we believe are good investments at attractive prices and we have an active pipeline of potential opportunities. The pipeline includes respective investments in both the U.S. and Europe, reflecting a variety of transaction types such as corporate credit outs and opportunistic buy outs. These prospects also include picked private opportunities, to a de novo component of our capital deployment strategy during the last 24 months. And we seek to try to identify companies that have lagged in the public market for a variety of reasons. As we finish up committing the capital and funding, there is approximately $1.5 billion remaining from new investments that we expect will be allocated to yields in the coming months, therefore our current expectation is that Fund IX will enter its investment period sometime during the first quarter of 2018. When Fund IX enters its investment period and begins generating management fees, Fund VIIIs fees will move into the post investment period. In addition on January 1, 2018 Fund VI, which is a 2006 vintage fund, will stop collecting management fees. It is worth reiterating that we expect the net effect of these movements will add approximately $200 million or $0.50 per share pretax of annualized accretion to our fee related earnings. Accordingly this will allow us to deliver a net minimum cash distribution of $1.30 per share on an annualized basis, a 30% increase from the prior level of $1 per share we had been indicating previously. Importantly the $1.30 per share reflects what we believe is a conservative baseline distribution equating to a 4% yield on our current share price and does not include any FRE upside or any incremental distributions from realized cash incentive fees which have averaged more than $1.50 per share annually over the last five years. And it is worth noting that there is one-third more private equity fund capital invested today versus the average level during those same five years. As Fund VIII which is a 2013 vintage heads into its fifth year in 2018, assuming markets remain accommodated to portfolio exits, we believe the funds maturity profile will provide the opportunity for private equity realizations over the next multi-year period.  Before handing the call over to Martin, I would like to mention one last item. As we started to discuss one of our permanent capital vehicles, we have been helping to build out in Europe is currently named AGER. By year end AGER will complete a rebranding and will be named Athora [ph] going forward. Athora is a strategic platform established to acquire or reinsure blocks of insurance business in German and boarder European life insurance markets. But we believe there is a need for capital, as Apollo, our minority investors n Athora and long-term strategic partners. The affiliate of Apollo, AAME is acting as an advisor with respect to Athoras investment portfolio which currently stands at approximately $8 billion. The team at Athora is continuing to evaluate investment opportunities for its business which is well capitalized with $2.5 billion of equity and we remain optimistic about the vehicles growth potential over time. Now I would like to turn the call over to Martin to walkthrough our financial results in more detail. Thanks, Martin.
Martin Kelly: Thanks Josh and good morning again everyone. Overall our strong third quarter results contributed to Apollos significant earnings growth so far in 2017. Year-to-date total economic net income of $947 million or $2.35 per share is more than 70% greater than total ENI for the comparable period last year. This is primarily driven by improving carry income resulting from strong investment performance across all of our business segments so far in 2017. Private Equity funds have appreciated 18%, while Real Assets funds have appreciated 14% and Credit funds have appreciated 6%. In addition our fee related earnings continue to grow and we believe this will continue in 2018, as Josh mentioned. Our solid balance sheet is also delivering meaningful contributions as strategic investments like Athene continue to creating value. Its clear that the breadth and scale of our platform is expanding, total assets under management are up 28% year-over-year to $242 billion, which equates to a six-fold increase or a 21% compound annual growth rate over the past 10 years. Focusing on the financial performance in the third quarter, we generated total ENI of $432 million or $1.07 per share. Pretax our economic income was $458 million or $1.14 per share, driven by the following key components. FRE of $162 million which contributed $0.40 per share, total net carry of $209 million which contributed $0.52 per share, and total other income predominantly investment income of $117 million which contributed $0.29 per share. FRE rose quarter-over-quarter due to higher management fees and one-time proceeds of [$90 million] from the buyout of an office lease while expenses remained well controlled. Our Credit segment drove the quarter-over-quarter leasing management fees as fee generating AUM grew 5% sequentially from strong inflows. Some of the inflows pertains to follow-on closes in active funds which resulted in approximately $12 million of one-time catch up management fees during the quarter. While the catch-up management fees in Q3 will not return recur, we believe other fee related revenue will provide an offset in the near term. Thus far in Q4 we have earned approximately $30 million in fee related revenue in connection with capital deployment activity. In terms of performance fee and balance sheet related income we earned $326 million of net carry and investment income during the quarter driven by two primary factors; positive investment performance across all of our businesses with a particularly robust contribution from Private Equity, and appreciation in the fair value of Athene. In Private Equity the vast majority of the carry income earned in the quarter was derived by the strong appreciation in Fund VIII which Josh described. The appreciation was broad based with more than three quarters of the FRE or so portfolio companies in Fund VIII generating positive marks. In terms of sector strength we saw the greatest contributions from investments in the consumer services, business services and manufacturing and industrial sectors. Turning to Athene, the fair value of our investment increased by approximately 10% during the third quarter, resulting in $73 million of gains within other income; as well as $14 million of net carry interest income from AAA and related accounts, driving an aggregate contribution to third quarter ENI of approximately $0.22 per share. Looking at our balance sheet at the end of the third quarter we had nearly $6 per share of value which is up meaningfully from just a year ago when the balance sheet represented less than $4 per share. This growth was primarily driven by strong appreciation in the value of Athene as well as the significant increase in the value of our net carried interest receivable which is nearly quadruple from its [trough] level of $0.58 per share in March 2016 to $2.16 per share today. Regarding our cash distribution, the $0.39 per Class A Share we declared today for the first quarter was primarily driven by fee related earnings which benefited from continuing growth in our management fees and in part from lease proceeds. One final note with regard to taxes, you will notice that our ENI tax rate for the quarter was lower than normal, largely due to the mix of income earned during the period which contained a higher concentration of pass-through carry and investment income. With that, well now turn the call back to the operator and open up the line for any of your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: So the first question just to guess that lead to the question around timing of Fund VIII realizations, the funds actually moving through its kind life cycle very nicely, I would say much faster than you guys expected. So on prior calls you gave higher level of use and when you could start to realize some of the earlier investment, so maybe just an update that will helpful?
Josh Harris: I think like, I just sort of some of the prepared remarks that I gave which was that, we are -- the average life [appears] but certainly some of the earlier investments now are approaching 5 years and thats around when you start to harvest and there is a definitely a lot of things right now that were looking at, so I would expect that distributions will ramp up starting next year. The other thing that I would point out is that, we bought that portfolio as we mentioned at a 5-multiple point discount, and really when we look at the -- the companies themselves are doing well, revenue, EBITDA and aggregate was up mid single digit year-to-year for the portfolio and much of the accretion in that 5-multiple discount remains still not in the marks. So if you think about that 5-multiple point discount really only 1-multiple point has been introduced into the marks thats what our process has put in there. So we expect there is not only realization upside in that portfolio, but return to cash but also there is this more significant upside coming from that portfolio. I mean obviously it depends on the economy and the markets that now specific companies do but we feel like theres still a lot of value creation left, even as we start to realize.
Alexander Blostein: Got it. Thanks for that. And I guess just as a follow up, its a little bit of a bigger picture question but, several years ago at the Investor Day you guys kind of talked about aspirationally $250 billion to $300 billion in AUM, you are 240 and change today. So just taking a step back, I guess how do you guys think about that still as a target and that the ultimate number is higher, can you just talk about the kind of scope and scale and kind of where the incremental growth opportunities could be for Apollo today and any incremental investments that you need to make to kind of support significantly higher level of growth?
Josh Harris: Yes. I mean what I would say is that, obviously ,were ahead of pace relative to growth there and what we didnt think traditionally is that the core business is growing AUM at high single digit to low double digit just on its own. And then, we have this, what I call, the R&D lab which kind of adds value sporadically and stair steps the growth. Certainly that occurred during the financial -- when there is a big financial pullback, we tend to raise a lot of capital and we did that during the last financial crisis. And then, obviously the creation of a theme where we managed the asset, added a lot of value there. And then, now we have Athora I mean, I think the one thats sort of out there right now thats really clearly focused today is Athora. We have raised the capital. It gives us a lot of buying power in Europe and there is -- its in industry that in terms of insurance that really needs the capital infusion. And so, we see a lot of opportunity in Athora. We see a bunch of opportunities as we move our product line from what I would call higher alpha generating credit into, what I call yield, which is call it 5% to 10%. Thats an area that we have a number of products that are making real headway. Like, I told, we have one in particular total return that really, its just about finding investment opportunities, not finding capital. We are almost having to turn capital away. And then, our hedge fund product has been performing very well. That is we have optimism that will grow. And so, we see opportunities really across our platform. And we are investing. When we throw the number of $1.30, right, that includes we are setting aside a bunch of operating expense or G&A to invest in really proprietary origination around the world and Europe and in the U.S., and even a little bit in Asia where we are trying to go off the run and outside the markets. Whether it would be middle market origination in Europe, whether it would be enhancing other products that might be more akin to a GE Capital in terms of asset based lending, whether it would be energy credit. We are building up in that number. Weve already set aside a bunch of money to invest in its origination. Because, what we are finding is that the capital there is really there for us. Our investors really trust us. So, we just need to keep delivering on the investment returns. And so, anything in the public market today is overvalued because of the quantitative easing thats going on, central bank wise. So, we have got to get off to run. And so, we are trying to stay ahead of the wave of money that hits the market and really develop arbitrage opportunities in credit. And so, thats really whats going on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Carrier with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Mike Carrier: Maybe first one, Josh, just on Fund VIII and the exit and the distribution outlook. Just trying to understand, you mentioned where you guys have deployed in terms of around five times multiple versus the industry. Are there any other nuances in the portfolio when we compare this one versus the prior funds? And how we should be thinking about the process of exiting some of those investments, whether its in the private markets or in the public markets? Just trying to gauge potential over the next three years and if there is any nuances relative to that?
Josh Harris: First of all, there -- in some cases, they are bigger company, I mean, its a bigger fund. So, you go like a company like ADT, which is bigger company; you have Rackspace. You have many companies that were public companies once where for whatever reason, whether it would be, the portfolio is too broad and not understood by the public markets or whether it be, weve built the companies over time such as ADT where we took a grab where weve really added a lot of extra, half to the company and changed the company strategy or in some cases we had the portfolios where they owned a lot of different things and the company itself wasnt even -- the corporate structure didnt even make sense. I wont say publically what those companies are. And so, in many cases, were able to reposition the company, change it materially and then reintroduce it into the public market. So, they are bigger companies. The fact that we bought the portfolio so cheaply has allowed us to put less leverage on the companies. And then, I would say, particularly the portfolio is less cyclical than it has been in the past, which is less -- if you look at the mix between services, business services, healthcare and more cyclical things, and chemicals, not that we walked away from those cyclical businesses, but it just happens to be very less cyclical. And so that would be another attribute. So, I would say, look, -- and then there is very -- I mean, obviously, our average over history has been about a third distressed for control where weve bought companies through the debt markets. And in this case, its only 5%. So, there is a very little distress in this fund. I think weve been able to prove to, I think our investors very clearly that distressed, non-distressed, obviously a great stressed environment helps us but were able originate off-market transactions at low multiples without that distressed market and that these funds will clearly do it. So, all those things I say So, I think its sort of a good story relative to our past funds in terms up bigger and some cases better companies and less kind of distressed. And then, I think also last think I would say is that in this fund we sell a lot of these corporate buildups where weve really added a lot of -- many of these companies have made them bigger. So thats what I would talk, would say. Generally speaking, the public market and the debt markets tend to be greater than 50% of our exit. And so, obviously, thats going to be important. Thats [indiscernible] market for us. But thats not the only way we can exit. Clearly, we can exit to strategic buyers. When you create a portfolio of five or six times EBITDA, right, you can exit to a financial buyer at a much higher price because thats all you need. So, even if the equity markets dont go so well, the debt markets hanging in there will be another backstop to our ability to exit. So, that would be may be how I would size it up.
Mike Carrier: And then, just as a follow-up, just on the credit side. So, with AGER or I guess Athora just how those opportunities are setting up relative to what you saw at Athene? It seems like there is little bit more competition but it seems like its still more in the U.S. versus Europe. And then just broadly with rising rates, potentially were seeing in the U.S. and may be in Europe, how does that factor in to that the upside or the opportunity?
Josh Harris: Yes. Id say, there are opportunities, both in the U.S. and in Europe. So, not an either or. And I think that there is always competition. I dont -- my sense is that its not that there is any more or less competition -- there is or was. In terms of rising rates, over time, clearly, rising rates helps financial institutions. So, key to much of this is spread. And so over time, if rates rise, over many years that will take some of the acute pressure off of insurance companies and banks and other financial institutions. But I dont -- first of all, my outlook is -- I dont know what yours, thinking about rates, but I think that the quantitative easing globally continues, certainly in the U.S. will be at least trying to -- they have been raising rates, and obviously U.S. is trying to reduce the Federal Reserves balance sheet. But, there is still, between Japan and the ECB and everyone else, youre still going to have a lot of quantitative easing. Well, its not clear to me how much rates will go up. Maybe theyll go up, maybe the long end of the curve will go up some, short end of the curve will go up some, but I dont think there is going to be the huge rate increase, unless we see inflation. And right now, notwithstanding the robust economic growth, we havent seen that. So, I think that -- first of all unclear that rates will rise. If they do, I think it will be many, many years -- many of these problems are very, very acute. And rate increases wont them; they just are fundamentally challenged, financial institutions that need to deleverage. But over many years, it will help the financial institutions, if rates go up.
Operator: Our next question comes from Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI.
Kaimon Chung: This is Kaimon Chung in for Glenn Schorr. Actually recent announcement on the acquisition of the majority stake in Catalina. Can you just spare little time talking about what the deal is, what your plans are for them and what it means for the Company? Is it the same game plan for that non-life insurance with Athene and so whats the opportunity?
Martin Kelly: So, with respect to Catalina, yes, they put out a press release a week or so ago announcing that they were going to be selling some stakes to Apollo managed funds. So, when the transaction is complete, the funds managed by Apollo will control the equity of Catalina; management will still own a sizable stake as well. Catalina is a really interesting company. Its been around for 10 years. It has been growing at a pretty rapid clip and is one of the largest players in the space of acquiring run-off portfolios of non-life, both in the U.S. and Europe. And we see significant opportunity with the really limited competition. I would note that it is a bit difference in terms of the investments. And you should think about Athene or Athora and that we are not -- today, we are not managing the assets directly of Catalina. So, I would think about it more as a fund portfolio opportunity at this point in time, but lot of upside there.
Kaimon Chung: Just as a follow-up. Can you give us maybe your updated thoughts on tax reform as it stands? I know its kind of early but how it impacts your firm, your credit business and maybe in particular Athene and Athora?
Josh Harris: Yes. I think we are obviously, like everyone else, watching what comes out of Washington. And its got -- without seeing the legislation itself, you can go in so many different directions. So, we will probably not speculate on it but as soon as it actually comes out -- if it comes out, we will definitely be very, very focused on and be much more able to elaborate on what it means to us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Katz with Citigroup.
Bill Katz: Just circling back to the discussions about sort of high single low double-digit organic growth in the core business. Can you give us a sense of where youre seeing the best demand from the LP perspective? And maybe give us updated thoughts in terms of penetrating a little bit more into the retail channel as well.
Josh Harris: So, I mean, look, the LP community, I said yield, so whats happening is that, to put it all over the place, I mean, were growing the whole range of products. But, the one that sticks out the most is as yield -- as rates have come in, right, like the ability of the most of the LP community or much of the LP community are -- pension funds or other liability managers where they have increasing costs, even some of them that dont are focused on just the inability to make real returns to fixed income. And so, as they look to branch out of fixed income, they look at obviously equity and alternatives private equity, but they also look at, okay, how can we earn more on our credit -- how can we invest more in fixed income store and kind of the old five, six, seven, eight that we used to be comfortable with. So, there is the alternatives basket within the context of our investors, is still well smaller than fixed income or the equities book. And so, this provides a great way for them to earn enough return to keep up with their targets or there liabilities. And the only way you could do is going after run off market. As I talked about, whether it be structured credit CLOs, whether itd be middle market origination, whether itd be insurance type liabilities that people dont understand, energy credit where you need special expertise, aircraft leasing. Were looking at lots of segments in the context of the real economy that arent necessarily priced to perfection because the central bank money cant flow through the market and hit those sectors. And so, thats one big area thats going on. Were also seeing a lot of demand for direct origination, Europe as I mentioned. So that would be what I would say. The last thing is, clearly, the search for return, right, opens up a lot of the private -- whether it would be infrastructure, whether it would our traditional private equity energy investing, some of our competitors have raised core products. But, everyone is looking -- the run in equity is also -- there are many of our LPs that are saying, well, the future of return on equities might be not that traditional percent 8% or 6% to 8% that we used to count on, might be lower because as the central banks raise rates, equity prices could -- they might not go down but they might -- we sort of borrowed from the future return by having rates so low. And so, people are looking to get even out of their own equity book and into alternatives. And so, really as I said, for us, its all about income we show with the product, we raise lots of money. And so, for us, its all about building expertise in these various areas, so that we can deliver outsized returns and then we will raise the money. So, were seeing a lot of demand there as well.
Bill Katz: Okay. Its helpful. And then, just to follow up, I know you dont want to comment on taxes, taking that as in terms of your structure. But if you were -- if the industry would have faced some pressure about interest expense deductibility, Ive been asking this to your peers as well, whats your stance on the economics for the LBO model?
Martin Kelly: Again, I think its so hard to really react to that. Is there going to -- are there going to be lower corporate taxes, at what level, will interest deductibility be limited, what are the other changes that will occur. I mean, I think clearly, changes in fundamental things like that will create lots of volatility, lots of companies that get hurt by that, lots of companies who get helped by that. And we tend to thrive in volatility. I think when you look at the private equate model, the public markets are levered just over three times and private marks are levered just over five times. Its really not on the margin, it certainly will impact the cash flows of more levered companies. But, I dont believe -- I dont personally think that -- I think if there is big changes to the structure of our tax rate, I think that will provide a lot of interesting opportunities for people that get ahead of that and adjust to it. And I think certainly, we have demonstrated the ability to do that. And I dont think that it will fundamentally change the private equity model.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: Just one quick follow-up on the creation multiple conversation. Would your experience -- given your strength, would you expect the exit multiples to generally be at market then, so that if we are going to move from a 5x discount to a 4x discount, should we expect that to get to zero by the time you exit?
Martin Kelly: Its really hard. I mean, I think thats just unfortunately too broad of question. In other words, like, each company has its own unique story, its own unique situation. And the comparables to that company, the ability of us to exit into the market changes like every day. And so, certainly, we think we bought the portfolio at a significant discount to fair value. Whether that -- what the ultimate exit multiples are is really hard to predict. I mean, Ill say that certainly in our prior funds, we have exited at many multiple point accretions to where we bought these funds. whether we will get a full-5, thats hard to predict.
Josh Harris: And Ill just say, another math that we use internally is, can we double our investors money or will we. And if you do that in Fund VIII and nothing more, nothing less, then that creates about $8 of gross carry over the fund life. So, obviously, more would be more. We are about a quarter of the way through that in terms of what weve recognized today through our ENI earnings. So thats a way to frame what the outcomes might be.
Martin Kelly: And what Ill say -- I mean, to me, we have done about 2.5x, over our history. Its a little shade under 2.5x, so the double, which is what the LP community wants. We have always over-delivered that. And I would expect Fund VIII to be no different, to be honest with you. But at the same time, its very hard to predict. We are off to a very fast start.
Patrick Davitt: And then, quick follow-up. Could you remind us of the economics on a store -- has there been any change to that with the rebranding?
Josh Harris: No, we havent really aid much around the economics at this point. Over time, we expect to make that more clear. But for the time being, the assets said that are being managed through Athora, a lot of the assets are portfolio company assets from our private equity funds, where were managing or helping to advise on the balance sheets there. And its generally been sort of cost plus, up to this point. There are some assets under management for the former Delta Lloyd portfolio and there the basis points is around 10 basis points earning on those assets. But as Athora grows and as additional incremental assets, I think we would expect fee rates to be incrementally higher, but at this point, havent disclosed any of that. 
Martin Kelly: Relative to the U.S. model, when you look at the European model, there is more leverage in the European model, roughly double, but the fee rates are lower and the assets are more -- the flexibility is a little more constraint. So, I think, we havent said beyond that but certainly we do see this as a really potentially important growth opportunity for us.
Josh Harris: And the future outcomes will depend on what portfolios are acquired. But clearly, anything that is done is going to be done in an accretive way.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: I just want to follow up on that earlier question regarding where Fund VIII is valued versus the market. I guess, we really havent discussed why Fund VIII is still valued at pretty big discount to the comps. Just wondering, if you could elaborate on that, because it seems like the portfolio companies are doing extraordinarily well.
Josh Harris: We didnt actually -- just to be clear, Fund VIII -- I mean, Martin will speak about our FAS process, our mark-to-market presence. But what we said was that we bought the private equity market acquired companies of our size, like greater than $500 million, so even smaller, at about [indiscernible] it is having that multiple. And we value, and we create our portfolio at about 5 multiple discount to that. That doesnt really speak to the comps. And then, we said that we thought we bought our portfolio, we got it in a good price that we thought we had created our portfolio at its discount because of our ability to source things and change their strategies. What we didnt say, to be clear, is that its marked at a discount to the comps because that -- why dont you talk about our FAS process?
Martin Kelly: When we buy a company at many multiples less than where the market is, there are different reasons for that. And you need time to address the issues in the companies that you find, some of thats capital structure, some of it is operating performance and that just takes time. And so, with an age of under two years, were still actively working through many of the names in the book. And thats going to take -- it is going to take three, four, five years, potentially longer from here to do that and complete it. So, we value things where we see an exit price today taking into account all the relevant market data that we can, its close objective. But yes, there is a value creation time frame that we have our way through.
Chris Harris: Okay. Thats helpful. And then, just a quick question on the expenses. I think your management based expenses are tracking up around 7% year-on-year so far year-to-date. How should we be thinking about the growth rate as we enter 2018? I know you have got Fund IX coming on; Im not sure if that influences anything.
Martin Kelly: Sure. Our margins are up, our FRE margin for this year to date is 50%. And if you take out the lease buyout gain, sort of non-recurring item, its 48%. Thats slightly higher than where it was last year, and last year had a lot of transaction fees. So, we have been able to grow organically the firm, management fees were up 10% year-on-year, comp is up about 7% and non-comp is up about 2%. So, there is real operating leverage thats being created. As we look into 2018, we are very focused on margins. And clearly, Fund IX will provide an uplift in revenues without a lot of additional direct expenses. And then, to Joshs point, we will likely take some of that and invest it in areas where we see compelling growth. But, we do it in a way that is margin accretive relative to where we are this year.
Josh Harris: We are seeing operating leverage, and we are very focused on it. And the reality is, you dont need -- I mean, certainly in the context of IX, we are always looking to enhance our team but there is a lot of operating leverage in raising your next private equity fund.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: I just want to follow up on, Martin, the point you were just making about investments to the business, putting to work some of the additional revenues that you get from Fund IX. If you could just maybe talk about what some of those compelling growth opportunities might be, where you might see you invest in the business for the next couple of years?
Martin Kelly: Okay. Some of this will be repetitive. I think that within the -- most of it will be across our credit platform where we are increasingly seeking to go off the run and outside the market in terms of generating yield and opportunistic but more yield origination capability. So that could range from creating a middle market lending presence in Europe, similar to the one that we have in the U.S. It could be investing in any number of, what Ill call, asset-based financing businesses. Aircraft leasing would be an example of that type of business where we already have a significant presence. It could be investing in areas like insurance and/or financial institution lending, and/or energy where we already have a significant capability. It could be expanding our emerging markets presence and enhancing our capabilities there. And then, it could be also looking at expanding our alternatives in a private equity expertise whether thatd be adding to our existing team in energy or whether it would be getting into infrastructure which we talked about before and/or real estate and real assets. And so those are the types of things that were going to be investing in. And this has been an ongoing -- this is in -- we dont talk about it a lot. It is really part of our strategy is to be able to deliver investments that are added significant arbitrage or discount relative to the yield they generate per unit of risk in the credit markets and/or in the alternative private equity markets the same thing. In order to do that, you need to stay ahead of the competition in terms of origination and thats been the key to our model. And so really -- and by the way, what happens in the financial markets is that people copy right away. And so, you need to keep moving and keep adding and keep ahead of everyone, which is what we try to do, which is why were marginally obtuse on these calls, in terms of specifically talking about that.
Michael Cyprys: Okay, thanks. Just as a quick follow-up, maybe you could just talk a little bit about data and technology front. Just how your investment process today is that incorporating that and how you kind of see the evolution of your investment process, say over the next five years, given changes technology, growing amounts of data and how youre thinking about integrating that over the next couple of years?
Josh Harris: Sure. So, I will take this. Yes. Were spending a lot of time on this. Were investing significantly in technology across the platform, both within our businesses and then across the infrastructure of the fund. And so, beyond the investment decision process, which I will speak about in a minute, it allows us to operate portfolio companies more effectively, allows us to sort of do things offensively and defensively, and allows us to more effectively operate the fund. So, at the fund level, weve invested in warehouses and data scientists across our businesses that allow us to collect and analyze information across the companies that we own. And that allows us to operate companies more effectively and also informs decision process for new investments. And then, in credit, it allows us to aggregate risk and report information to a pace in a more useful fashion. And then it allows to grow the funds favorably, which you see in our margins. Around the investment decisions process within PE, we have developed relationships with specialized providers of data and technology, and they provide analytics and information that are customized to particular industries. And so that ranges from robotics and apps through to mainframe enhancement and some legacy platforms. And so, there is clearly -- there is lot going on, there is risk, there is opportunities, lots of changes, but were trying to embrace that across the businesses as well as at the firm level.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Jordan Friedlander: Good morning. This is Jordan Friedlander filling in for Craig. I want to follow up on Bills question earlier on retail. I know you already have some retail product offerings including mortgage REITs, BDC, and some other credit fund products. But, would you ought to further penetrate this channel by building out new products such as maybe real estate REIT or interval funds?
Martin Kelly: Yes. Look, were always looking at opportunities like that where we can get to what we perceive to be sticky low cost capital and certainly we have some of that in the commercial real estate area. And so, certainly, were always looking at what there are new public structure or other structures that are kind of available and interesting and where we feel like we can generate arbitrage and good rates of return for those investors and where their needs meet our capabilities. And so, we certainly are looking at that. We also obviously, Ill just point out, just to go back through it, we -- today, were between 10% and 15% retail. Its the reach to retail investors through a variety of different channels from obviously just public companies, [indiscernible] companies to high net worth channels to we wholesale to other credit providers and we reach -- for most of our funds, we reach high net worth, we have high net worth channels that invest. Then obviously, the ones that -- so the 10 -- between 10% and 15% does not count Athene. Were clearly -- their whole business is built on annuities to retail clients. And so, if you include that, obviously the number -- that would be another 30% of our assets. And so, we have quite a different approach to retail, maybe than what youre hearing on some of the other calls. I mean, the other issue for us truthfully is that there is so much institutional demand for our products that -- again, its not about the sort of real need to reach more and more capital, isnt as acute right now. But certainly, where retail provides -- where retail understands our products and provides sticky, long-term capital and we feel like we have capabilities that overlap with that were going to -- were not, were very much intent with taking retail capital.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Maybe to circle back on the Fund VIII realizations, Josh, and then thanks for all the color on that. As you think about the macro, or I guess , my question is, how do you think about the interplay between the macro environment and then trying to improve the valuations on those portfolio companies, realizing obviously its -- each position is different, but, kind of in line with what Martin was saying on the three to four to five-year time periods, valuations up to where you think they ought to be, would you seek -- if your deal in the macro got worse or you got something that is going to happen within next year, would you accelerate that realization, not fully try to capture the entire economics out of that?
Martin Kelly: So, the way we think about it, really is -- first of all, we do have a macro overlap for how we think about our portfolio. And certainly its not locked on us that were in year eight / going into year nine of an economic cycle that interest rates are historically low, that valuations are historically high. And certainly that is something that while we dont have a crystal ball, pushes us to look very hard at where we can monetize things. So, were definitely in tune with the macro environment. And right now, I would say, there is a -- it does orient you towards looking hard now. So, the way we actually put that into practice is on a bottoms up basis, where we look at every single company and we look at not just where we bought it but where we could -- so, everyday that you dont sell, you buy. And so we look at every single company and we say, can we generate private equity returns for our investors from where we could sell this company. And if the answer is yes, we keep it; and if the answer is no, we sell it. And certainly, what we do within the contract of those portfolio reviews and we had one very recently. We literally sat around for entire day with the entire private equity team and went company by company is we orient around average ultimate, we orient around interest rate adjusted, market condition adjusted multiples, right, as the ultimate exits. So, we might be able to sell a company today at a high multiple. But, when we look out into the future and we decide not to sell it, we normalize for what we expect the environment to be. And so, what that does obviously is it puts pressure on the math, because we cant predict continued momentum in the marketplace. So that inherent approach puts pressure on the -- our kind of our selling. And once we created a lot of value, were oriented towards selling and thats the way that we do it.
Brian Bedell: And then you could also accelerate the IRRs I suppose, if you are selling those faster, even if youre not hitting the 2 or 2.5 MOICs, is that something in that consideration. 
Martin Kelly: I mean I think its all in the hopper. I think that certainly MOIC and rate of return are both very important.
Brian Bedell: And then, just lastly, maybe just an update on the partnerships with OppenheimerFunds in the retail credit products and whether youre looking other similar types of opportunities?
Martin Kelly: So, sitting here today, weve got partnership with Waddell, which has been growing very nicely and also partnership with K2 Funds. [Ph] We no longer have a partnership with Oppenheimer. So, really just focused on Waddell and K2 at this point. And they continue to grow and be well received. And as Josh talked earlier about the total return strategy being a really attractive product, its true for retail as well. And so thats really where were seeing lot of growth and momentum through those advisor relationships.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with JP Morgan.
Ken Worthington: Just quickly, Martin, what were catch-up fees again? I know you mentioned them, I missed it. And how much of that was in credit?
Martin Kelly: Hi, Ken. It was $12 million in Q3, there was a little bit in Q2 as well and it was all in credit.
Ken Worthington: All credit, okay. Thank you. And then, Josh, just follow-up on I think on Mikes question earlier in the call. On Athora, how far are part of the buyers and the sellers of insurance assets and properties in Europe? Are they really far, are they kind of close, is there anything for us to consider that would kind of bridge that gap and get us to see more of these deals getting done?
Josh Harris: Yes. I mean I think, Im hopeful that we can get some stuff done over the next 6 to 18 months. I dont know if there is -- I think that we raise the capital because we perceive there to be significant opportunities. These things are very complicated. They are regulated. It takes a long -- there is a lot of moving pieces. Its not like you can just go in there and buy these things. There is a huge amount of complexity and negotiation and you have to be super careful and handle very appropriately with all parties including protecting the alternate policy holders. I think its hard to just, unless youre known for having the capability to do this, its hard to just go and do it. And secondly, once you are known, its still complicated to get it done. So, its not easy, but thats one of the reasons why we gravitate towards it because it takes a lot of scale, but I think that its -- I think we are well situated right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Maybe a follow-up for me as well. You touched on real estate and infrastructure as areas of investment, and understanding one of obtuse around the opportunities in real assets. But at a high level, because I know some of these are harder for us to model. Is there anything big growing that could move the needle over the next year? And any color you can give us around some of those things we are looking at organically or maybe even thinking about inorganically would be helpful.
Josh Harris: Look, I think that I would say that clearly we have been putting together team in these areas and we are going to approach this in a very Apolloesk way where we -- right now, there is a tremendous need for capital in the infrastructure and real assets arenas but at the same time, there is commodity stuff that everyone can do, has been bid to pretty high prices driven by lots of capital to do that kind of stuff. And so, we are working painstakingly to develop an edge that allow us to do things that are different, similar to how we do private equity where were either able to assess things that other people cant or execute transactions that other people cant or absorb execution risk that other people arent willing to. And so all that takes time to build capability. So, thats the way we are approaching it. I think certainly our credit business in real assets is growing a lot and we are investing in it. And so, thats really how Id answer it. I dont know how to -- deals come and go and its hard to predict some -- there is not some big elephant looking out there right now.
Devin Ryan: Quick follow-up here. [Multiple Speakers] And maybe Ill just ask a quick math question, this is not a tax question. Leon noted earlier in the year that 20% corporate tax rate could be a level where its pretty much a wash to be a C-corp. And I know there are some shifts occurring in earning stream and maybe qualifying incomes increasing. So, I just want to think about that rate directionally. Would that 20% threshold be moving much lower or was that over the cycle comment? I know its complicated but just trying to think about that directionally.
Martin Kelly: So, what was said is that blended tax rate today, over the cycle, as best as we can model it, and not specific to any quarter or year is sort of 10% to 15%, like sort of low teens, mid teens type area. And so, if you end up taxing the whole income stream in a single tax rate, call it 20%, theres going to be tax leakage, its going to be dilutive but the benefit may be there in the sense of a different shareholder base. So, at 20%, its -- it will have to come down to 15% or something like that to be close to a breakeven on paper.
Josh Harris: But again, a lot of that depends on the treatments of different types of the income. And I dont even know that how to kind of really answer it ,because, what Martin is saying 100% accurate. If there is blanket rate, there is not today and I dont think anyone is talking there being a blank rate in the future. So, I mean, again, and what youre deductions are -- and so like again its -- I mean, were not trying to be argumentative in terms of mirroring, but its really hard to predict it right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee: I guess, Josh, I was curious about, you talked about where you kind see the opportunities that you certainly highlighted, some in the U.S. and Europe. I guess just because it wasnt included, could you maybe update us on your opportunities or your thoughts around Asia? I mean, clearly, thats a region of the world where a lot of your peers have raised a lot of capital through a lot of effort and you guys really seem to be little bit quiet about opportunities there.
Josh Harris: We are, I mean -- but, we have a whole team in Asia, we got a team in Hong Kong, we have a small team in Singapore, we have people in China, we have people in Australia, India, we have a big team in India and doing credit and real estate business. So, we have a number of businesses, primarily our credit and real estate, so special situations like lending and structured equity. And today, the overall business is less than 5% of our assets. And I would say that were value oriented, creditor right oriented investors and there is a fair -- and control investors in the case of our private equity funds. And so, in each case there are just cultural and structural impediments, whether itd be the legal and regulatory environment or the ability to transact on a control basis in certain countries that just make our business may be smaller than other programs that might be more oriented towards growth, equity or momentum investing or minority investing or take a less value for it. If youre willing to -- some of the values in Asia are high. And so if you are willing to pay a high price but you think youre going to get a higher price in the IPO or something, that would open up an awful lot of Asia, and you want to take a minority stake and kind of wing it, that would open up kind of a lot of investing from our point of view. But its just not who we are, like we need to know that were getting in an at a great price. And so that just limits the flow, but it doesnt mean that were not investing in Asia. And we certainly have real franchise in India and increasingly a franchise in real estate and credit around Asia and a more limited approach in private equity thats opportunistic.
Robert Lee: I appreciate that color. And then, maybe just one follow-up I guess, December, it will be about a year where you announced that the Gary Parr was joining the firm and I guess he joined in early this year. Just kind of curious, could you maybe update us on how his role has kind of evolved, where you kind feel like maybe theres been the most impact on kind of how you think about things or do things that can help us get a sense of his impact on the business?
Josh Harris: Gary comes with a vast reservoir of financial institution experience, like thats where he spent his entire carrier. Clearly, that skill set is applicable across -- and were doing a lot of stuff, whether it would be in insurance, whether it would be in banks, whether it would be financial services, and we ourselves are asset managers. So, I would say that experience comes across like all of our businesses. He helps us in private equity, he helps us in credit with that expertise, and certainly relative to the strategy of our own firm, in terms of evaluating different opportunities where we should invest, whether we should make acquisitions or not make acquisition, all of that is very helps. So, he has been an enormous help to the firm. And anyway, he has been a good addition.
Operator: Our final question this morning will come from the line of Gerald OHara with Jefferies.
Gerald OHara: Thanks for squeezing me in. Clearly, a lot of focus on the insurance components within the permanent capital vehicles but I was hoping you might just be able to close up the call I suppose with a little bit of an update around midcap as it continues to grow and what the opportunity set might be there kind looking forward and what the geographic reach of that vehicle is if you could remind us. Thank you.
Martin Kelly: So, midcap is growing, its diversifying its business away from healthcare across a much broader set of asset classes. Its originating business nicely, so its on par with whats defined and said. The challenge its had this year is refi activity has been high, and so paydowns have taken away some of the net growth. But were being careful whats underwritten and taking what we perceive to be good quality risk. And its a good, established platform with increasing access points to origination. So, its picking up but a little bit more slowly than what we planned.
Operator: And with that, I will hand our program back over to Gary Stein for any additional or closing remarks.
Gary Stein: Thanks, operator. Thanks, again, everyone for joining us today. As I noted earlier, if you have any questions regarding the earnings presentation or anything that was discussed on this call, please feel free to give Noah Gunn or me a call. Thanks very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining the Apollo Global third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. This will conclude our conference call this morning. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Stein - Head, Corporate Communications Leon Black - Founding Partner, Chairman & CEO Joshua Harris - Co-Founder, Senior MD & Director  Martin Kelly - CFO
Analysts: William Katz - Citigroup Michael Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Glenn Schorr - Evercore ISI Devin Ryan - JMP Securities LLC Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Welcome to Apollo Global Management's 2017 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. This conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications.
Gary Stein: Great. Thanks Operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to our second quarter 2017 earnings call. Joining me today from Apollo are Leon Black, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director; and Martin Kelly, Chief Financial Officer. This call includes forward-looking statements and projections, including with respect to future distributions by the company and these statements do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. We'll be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call which management believes are relevant to assess the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in our earnings presentation which is available on the Apollo website. Earlier this morning, we reported non-GAAP economic net income or ENI of $0.46 per share for the second quarter ended June 30th, 2017 including $0.34 per share of fee-related earnings or FRE. Apollo also reported distributable earnings to common and equivalent holders of $0.60 per share driving a cash distribution of $0.52 per Class A share. If you have any questions about the information provided within the earnings presentation or on this call, please feel free to follow up with me or Noah Gunn. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Leon Black, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Apollo Global Management.
Leon Black: Thanks Gary and thank you all for your continued interest in Apollo. This call provides us with an opportunity to highlight our achievements through the first half of 2017 including our strong second quarter results. First, I'd like to provide some commentary regarding our significant asset growth and opportunities we see for continued capital deployment. Josh will then provide you with details regarding our investment performance and he will also describe the increasing earnings power of our business. Martin will conclude our prepared remarks with some brief comments regarding Apollo's financials before we take your questions. First and foremost, we believe the combination of our strong investment performance and the depth of our relationships with prominent investors worldwide are the primary catalyst of Apollo's continued asset growth. In addition, we believe we're benefiting from several secular tailwinds in the asset management industry including, 1, a search for yield in a persistently low rate environment; 2, the consolidation of relationships among the most successful asset managers with broad product sweeps; and 3, the migration away from traditional active equity and fixed income strategies to a more barbelled approach oriented towards passive and alternative strategies. We have now surpassed $230 billion of total assets under management and our integrated platform is serving us well as we drive the business forward through our traditional fundraising efforts and strategic capital initiatives. The second quarter marked one of the most significant asset-raising periods in our history as we generated nearly $36 billion of gross inflows which included $24 billion for private equity and $10 billion for credit. In private equity we're pleased to report that our newest flagship fund Fund IX received widespread support in the marketplace and demand well exceeded the fund's hard cap. Fund IX has $24.7 billion in total commitment including $1.2 billion from Apollo and affiliated investors. At nearly $25 billion Fund IX is the largest dedicated private equity fund in history. Fund raising efforts began last December and our team worked quickly amid robust demand to fully allocate the fund in just 6 months. This fund is significant to Apollo for a number of reasons. First, the $24.7 billion Fund IX is approximately $6 billion larger than its predecessor. Second the economics to Apollo for Fund IX are considerably better since we did not need to provide as many management fee discounts. As Josh will describe in more detail, Fund IX will help drive approximately $200 million of incremental annual management fees to AGM once it turns on 4 to 6 months from now. And third, the non-economic terms such as the recycle provision of Fund IX are enhanced relative to Fund VIII. We believe the success of Fund IX reflects the strength of Apollo's investor relationships and outstanding track record of 39% gross and 25% net annual internal rates of return since inception in 1990 in this asset class. We're tremendously appreciative of the trust and confidence our global investor-base has bestowed upon us and we'd like to share few of the key statistics regarding the composition with the Fund IX investor-base. In total, there are approximately 350 investors in Fund IX representing a diverse mix of investor types. The re-up rate across funds remain high as investors representing more than 85% of Fund VIII third-party capital made commitments to Fund IX. We're seeing the secular GP consolidation trend that work as approximately 60% of the investors in Fund VIII recommitted to Fund IX did so at a higher amount representing total incremental capital of $4.5 billion. Nearly 15% or $3.5 billion of Fund IX's third-party commitment came from investors that are entirely new to the Apollo platform signaling our continued ability to expand our investor-base and their appreciation for our strong private equity track record and capabilities. The composition of Fund IX also reflects the expanding geographic footprint of our fund investor-base. By way of example in Fund 5, our 2001 vintage fund, 22% of the capital was committed by non-U.S. investors. For Fund IX, a remarkable 62% of the capital came from investors spread across more than 40 countries being on the U.S. This is a significant milestone for our franchise and evidence of the strength of the Apollo brand and reputation within the global investment community. As we continue to deploy approximately $2 billion of remaining available capital in Fund VIII and look ahead to building a new portfolio in Fund IX, I'd like to reflect on where we were less than 4 years ago. When we completed fund raising for Fund VIII in late 2013 with $18.4 billion in commitments, it was also one of the largest private equity funds ever raised. And at the time, we feel that the obvious question, how are you going to put all that capital to work? Well, sitting here today, I'm proud to say that in just 3.5 years we've invested or committed nearly 80% of Fund VIII in what we believe are very attractive opportunities. And the fund is off to a great start with gross and net IRRs of 26% and 16% respectively and that's within average fund of less than 2 years duration.Most importantly, despite the high price environment in which we have been operating for the last few years, we've been able to create Fund VIII at an average enterprise value to EBITDA multiple of approximately 5.7x in a market where the average private equity deal multiple is nearly double that at 10.5x for deals over $500 million. It's interesting to note that we have been particularly active within the public markets and over the last 18 months our private equity funds have completed or announced take private transactions of 8 public such as ADT, Rackspace, Outerwall and Diamond Resorts among others. During this time-frame, we have committed or deployed nearly $9 billion of private equity capital, 70% of which was allocated to Fund VIII public to private deals. So when we begin deploying Fund IX later this year or early next year, we expect to use the same value-oriented approach that has lead to our best-in-class leading performance over the last 27 years. We will continue to rely upon the multiple pathways we have developed to source deals and deploy capital including opportunistic buyouts, complex carve-outs and distressed for control transactions. We believe we possess several competitive advantages that enable us to source and complete transactions, including, 1, a willingness to embrace complexity; 2, a proven ability to creatively finance transactions in a variety of market environments; and 3, the significant scale of Fund IX which will allow us to commit to larger investments. Since founding Apollo nearly 3 decades ago, we have traversed 4 economic cycles and we've demonstrated time and again the ability to successfully navigate the environment at hand. While we do not have a crystal ball to predict the investing landscape over the coming years, as we invest Fund IX, we're confident that we have an excellent team and a proven investment process which we believe will continue to guide our decisions and produce strong returns for our fund investors. Turning to Credit for a moment, we generated more than $10 billion of inflows during the quarter. These inflows where once again led by the ongoing growth of our strategic capital initiative which added $6.5 billion of assets this quarter. In addition, there were approximately $3.5 billion of other third-party inflows as we continue to scale existing products. More specifically, during the quarter, inflows included $3.7 billion of assets from Athene, primarily driven by growth as well as marked to market gains on Athene's portfolio. We raised $2.5 billion for our European insurance initiative or AGER -- A-G-E-R which has been established by Apollo and Athene to acquire or reinsure blocks of insurance business in the European life insurance market where we believe there is a large need for capital. As we mentioned previously, this venture is in the early stages and we're optimistic about its growth potential over time. Within Drawdown funds, we're raising larger successor funds for several strategies including EPF and FCI. Total capital commitments for EPF III, the third vintage of our European principal finance strategy, now exceeds $4 billion, following an additional $600 million that was raised during the quarter and another $800 million that was raised in July. And FCI III, the third vintage of our life settlement strategy, has total commitments of $1.9 billion, following a $500 million close during the second quarter and a final close of $1 billion in July. And finally, the total return fund which is an evergreen fund focused on unconstrained corporate credit, generated $800 million of inflows and continues to grow nicely. In addition to the fund, total returns is also attracting interest in managed account form and during the second quarter there was nearly $1 billion of incremental subscription for managed accounts pursuing this strategy. As of June 30th, the total return strategy had $4 billion in total assets. Before handing the call over to Josh, I'd just like to convey our optimism about the future of our business. I believe we're extremely well-positioned as a leading global alternative investment management franchise that continues to get bigger and stronger which is a direct reflection of the great work being accomplished by our deep venture talent across the firm.  We're maintaining our investment discipline in pursuit of outstanding returns and we continue to expand the capabilities of the platform which we believe will ultimately accrue to the benefit of fund investors as well as shareholders. Josh?
Joshua Harris: Thanks Leon. I'd like to continue the call by offering some perspective on our investment performance and our growing earnings power. The funds we manage delivered solid results across each of our businesses during the quarter. On a gross basis, Private Equity was up 1.9%, Credit was up 2.1% and Real Estate was up 5%. The 1.9% appreciation in the private equity funds we manage was driven by strong performance among our funds private equity -- private portfolio company holdings, partially offset by 9% decline in energy holdings, largely due to declines in energy pricing during the quarter. If we excluded energy related investments from the private equity funds in the second quarter, the funds would have been up 5.2%.Importantly, we're seeing continued momentum from Fund VIII which appreciated 4.4% during the quarter, despite energy headwinds. As Leon mentioned, at the end of the second quarter this fund had gross and net IRRs of 26% and 16% respectively and the average whole period of the investment to-date is still relatively young and under 2 years. So we remain optimistic around additional value creation and future carry generation from this portfolio. In Credit, the investment performance of the funds we manage was solid during the quarter, up 2.1% on a gross basis and up 1.8% on a net basis. Volatility in the energy markets had a negligible impact on credit performance during the quarter, similar to what we observed in the overall energy credit market. If we look at some of the core strategies within our credit businesses, our Drawdown funds generated gross and net returns of 3.6% and 3.2% respectively during the quarter driven by the strength in our European principal finance and structured credit recovery funds. In Real Estate which you'll see we've re-titled Real Assets to reflect the broader opportunity we see in this arena longer term, our U.S. equity funds appreciated 5% during the quarter on a gross basis and continued to perform well with net IRRs in the mid-teens. By continuing to deliver strong investment performance across our businesses, we're able to raise ever larger flows of capital which allow us to evaluate a larger and more diverse set of investment opportunities, while driving increased earnings power for Apollo. We've experienced significant growth in fee-related earnings or FRE which is the most stable and predictable earnings stream of our business. During the 12 months ended June 30, we generated $553 million of FRE or $1.35 per share, more than a twofold increase from just five years ago. Our growth in FRE has been driven by the increasing scale of our fee-generating assets which have grown by a compound annual growth rate of 16% over the last 5 years. Asset growth has been augmented by an ongoing focus on efficiency and cost discipline which has resulted in significant operating leverage and margin expansion across our platform.  Importantly, we expect a meaningful increase in fee-related earnings with the arrival of Fund IX. Upon commencing its investment period which we currently expect to occur around yearend, Fund IX will add slightly more than $200 million of annualized management fees, net of the step-down in Fund VIII and the cessation of management fees from Fund VI in January. We expect the addition of these revenues to result in approximately $0.50 per share of annualized accretion to fee-related earnings, representing a 37% increase to our reported FRE over the past 12 months. We're pleased to report that the step function in FRE for Fund IX along with continued growth across the Apollo platform will allow us to lever a net minimum cash distribution of $1.30 per share on an annualized basis and we expect this level to grow with our business over time. This reflects a significant increase from the minimum of $1 per share in annual distribution to shareholders that we have been indicating over the last two years. This baseline distribution does not include any FRE upside nor any incremental distributions from realized cash incentive fees which have averaged more than $1.50 per share over the last 5 years. As we have been putting Fund VIII capital to work and building value in the portfolio over the past years' distributions from incentive fees touched cyclical lows. Going forward however, as Fund VIII matures and the realization activity begins to ramp up, we expect that cash distributions from incentive fees to be even greater on average over the next 5 years than the $1.50 per share they have averaged during the last 5 years, augmenting our indicated baseline distribution of $1.30 per share and further strengthening our cash profile. Now, I'd like to turn this call over to Martin to walk through our financial results in more detail. Martin?
Martin Kelly: Great. Thanks Josh and good morning again everyone. As Leon and Josh alluded to in their remarks, the breadth and scale of our platform continues to expand as total assets under management grew by a remarkable 24% year-over-year to $232 billion driven by $65 billion of inflows. For context, our total AUM has grown nearly sixfold over the past 10 years resulting in a compound annual growth rate of approximately 19%. Our second quarter results continued our strong start to 2017. Total ENI of $515 million for the 6-month period ending June 30, 2017, was 60% greater than for the 6-month period ending June 30, 2016, given continued fee-related earnings growth, rising carry income and meaningful balance sheet contributions. The $0.46 per share of ENI earned during the quarter was driven by the following key components. FRE of $140 million which contributed $0.34 per share and total net carry of $70 million which contributed to $0.17 per share. Despite one-time insurance proceeds earned during the first quarter, FRE rose quarter-over quarter due to higher management fees and transaction fees, while expenses remained well-controlled. The Credit segment drove the quarter-over quarter lift in management fees as fee-generating AUM grew 6% sequentially from strong inflows. As Josh mentioned, we're expecting a meaningful step function in FRE to occur when Fund IX commences its investment period likely around the end of the year. Furthermore, with the exception of approximately $5 billion in placement fees expected in the third quarter, we do not anticipate any material increase in the expenses related to fundraising activity across the platform will be incurred for the remainder of this year. Over the past year, we delivered solid investment performance across all segments with 20% appreciation in Private Equity and Real Assets and 10% in Credit. This has led to growth in our base of carry-generating AUM. With the addition of Fund IX carry eligible AUM is now more than $110 billion representing a significant source of future earnings power. In terms of performance fee income for the quarter, the $70 million of total net carry we earned was driven by Credit followed by Private Equity and Real Assets. In Credit, carry income was primarily generated by our Drawdown funds with particular strength in our European principle finance franchise. In Private Equity, strength in Funds VIII and VI was mostly offset by unrealized marks in Fund VII and the natural resources funds. In Real Assets, carry income was driven by the U.S. real estate equity funds which continued to perform well. Regarding our net carry receivable balance, the overall reduction of $97 million or $0.24 a share was driven by carry creation of $0.24 or 12% appreciation offset by realizations in private equity and credit as well as further sales of carry related to AAA. Regarding our cash distribution, the $0.52 per Class A share we declared today for the first quarter was driven by 3 primary factors. First, the relative cash flow stability and growth of our fee-related earnings. Second, cash carry driven by realization activity in Private Equity and Credit. Realized carry in Private Equity was driven by the sale of a sizable natural resources asset as well as tax distributions and dividend proceeds distributed by Fund VIII. Realized carry in Credit came from EPF as well as structured credit funds. And lastly, we earned cash carry from the crystallization of a portion of the AAA carry receivable in conjunction with the secondary offering completed by Athene in May. Before we open up the line for questions, I'd just like to touch on taxes. First, our lower-than-average ENI tax rate in the quarter was predominantly driven by mark-to-market losses on energy investments which are largely taxable. Second, as our fee-related earnings grows and becomes a more meaningful component of the overall cash earnings profile of the business, we believe it's important to provide clarity around the tax profile associated with this earnings stream. Today, our effective tax rate on fee-related earnings is approximately 20%. We believe this is a reasonable rate to apply to FRE when forecasting our overall ENI tax provision as well as when calculating a value for FRE in a valuation context. Third, our overall ENI tax rate is dependent on the mark-to-market value of taxable and nontaxable carry. Over time, we expect our overall ENI tax rate to be approximately 10% to 15%. And lastly, in the near term, we expect our full year DE tax rate to be approximately 5% to 10%.With that, we'll now turn the call back to the operator and open the line for any of your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Will Katz with Citigroup.
William Katz: Just wondering if you could spend a little time talking about Athene in Europe in it's an area that Mark and his team have really been focused on lately and so you've raised some cap of this particular quarter. Any sort of related thoughts on how quickly you could scale, I mean what the aggregate opportunity might be with that business?
Joshua Harris: Yes, so as we've said before, I mean obviously we learned a lot from the experience of Athene in the U.S. And so in Europe, the insurance companies in Europe are facing challenges related to the decline in the interest rate environment and their inability to cover the cost of the -- that they've agreed to pay the policyholders implicitly. And so that's leading a big opportunity where there -- there's many, many things to buy and the industry itself is going through a difficult time period. And the way Europe works, obviously there's a lot of leverage in insurance companies, for every dollar of equity, you can -- it gives you about $20 to $25 of asset. And so the math is relatively straightforward, I mean we've announced that we raised a 2.2 billion fund and so if you do the math on that, you multiply by $20-$25, you can see that $50 billion to $60 billion of buying power. And we expect and intend to spend the fund. The timing of how we spend it and that money is raised and we're in the market, the timing of when and how we invest that money is uncertain because obviously you're looking at different acquisitions and it's difficult to predict, but that's something that we're focused on in the near term. And obviously as we've talked about before we developed an active management capability in Europe that allows us to in our opinion add value on the asset side to that entity which is the trick today in buying very low-cost liabilities is you have to actually be able to make an appropriate return on the asset side and I think we think we can do that. And we have a very good regulatory relationship as well, it's a highly regulated business. So that would be the Athene Europe opportunity.
William Katz: Okay, thank you. And just to follow up just coming back to Fund VIII for a moment, do you have a sense of where you are today in terms of the investor, I thought I heard you say about 80%, but I'm wondering if that sort of takes into consideration where you are through the third quarter? And is there a rule of thumb to sort of think about when the waterfall cash flow might start to come out given that let's say the average age of investment is about 2 years or so.
Joshua Harris: Yes, so I'd say that, yes, we have a couple of billion left to spend and yes, it's unpredictable, but our current case we would expect that to be kind of concluded around yearend, but clearly it's a deal business again, so there's some amount of variability around that, but we're looking at about yearend in terms of when we would kind of move to Fund IX. We generally -- that would leave us about 10% for follow on investing. So that's our typical strategy is to spend about 90% of this fund and leave about 10% for other opportunities or other clean up that's required in Fund VIII. In terms of the waterfall, we're in -- I mean obviously at 16% net return, we're fully in carry distribution and so as Leon said the fund itself was raised over 3.5 years ago. The average life is three years, but certainly the early investments are getting a little bit older and maturing and so as we're going to be opportunistic about ultimately beginning to realize proceeds in Fund VIII. And obviously that will be market condition dependent, but as Martin said we're now coming into -- we're approaching the harvesting -- the time where we harvest some of the things that we've grown over the last few years and so I would expect our incentive be subject to market conditions to start to increase materially from here.
Martin Kelly: Yes, I'd just point out just in the second quarter alone we had monetizations from three different portfolio companies in Fund VIII, so early signs of realizations as Josh mentioned, we had dividend recaps at ADT and Outerwall and sold some stock in Warrior.
Joshua Harris: I mean at 26% net -- 26% gross, we're well, well into carry distribution. It's not even close. So like I think -- I think come up will be getting carry distribution.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier with Bank of America.
Michael Carrier: I guess first question just on fundraising, given the strength that you guys had in Fund IX, especially I guess with some of the newer relationships, do you see any other opportunities? I know you mentioned real estate, you're calling that Real Assets and I don't know if there's additional growth opportunities there, obviously we're seeing in Credit with total return, I just wanted to see how the expanding relationships kind of paint like a future picture for fundraising?
Joshua Harris: Yes, look, I mean obviously, look, the strength of our brand and our investment performance and the lack of return in the market, all of those really are putting us front and center in terms of the largest investors in the world whether it be the U.S. pension fund system or certainly some of the sovereign wealth systems and as Leon said, there are emerging pools of capital all over the world that didn't exist in the past that are just approaching alternatives for the first time. And so certainly like everyone there's no question that people are looking to us as a strategic partner as to how get them to move intelligently I guess up the risk curve and generate excess returns whether that be in Credit where we're continuing to develop alternative sourcing strategies to generate extra returns over the curve or whether it be in Real Assets and infrastructure where we're looking at -- obviously we hired Joe Azelby and we're looking at the opportunity -- broadening opportunities there that have been well-discussed. Or whether it be certainly in other longer term forms of private equity and so we're seeing across our platform Real Assets infrastructure, Credit and different forms of Private Equity incoming calls where we have real opportunities and so in order to capture those opportunities clearly for us our ability to grow is only limited by our ability to execute. And so increasingly where the capital is not the issue what -- we're given as much capital as we need. It's really an issue of willing to take the capital we can generate excess returns, we're really focused on investing and building teams and strategies that differentiate us and allow us to provide excess return. Some of the areas that I mentioned are areas that were heavily focused on and particularly within Credit I should mention yield where obviously there is with the central bank intervention and the wall of money, the ability of pension funds to generate traditional fixed income returns in the 5, 6, 7 area is gone and therefore there's a big opportunity for us to go off the run whether it be structured credit or into other middle-market lending or into other areas like that which there's a long list of them that I could rattle up and deliver back that 5% to 8% return that is very illusive, but still a pretty good credit quality. So increasingly we're going off the run, we're going out of the public markets and building up these strategies and increasingly for us it's about not raising the capital, picking who we want to take the capital from and who we can grow with.
Michael Carrier: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a quick follow-up. I know the last 12 months the performance has been strong in Private Equity. Just in the quarter, you mentioned on the energy side you were on a bit. Just if you can provide any color on the energy exposure and how you guys are looking at those investments and maybe future investments in that sector?
Joshua Harris: Yes, look, I mean I think that we have I guess on average kind of about 7% energy exposure across our platform, but half of that is dry powder that kind of raised for energy and half of it's in the ground. Certainly the stuff that we have in the ground to a large extent is very well-hedged and for the most part with a kind of exception or two in the lowest cost basins in North America which today are competitive all over the world. And so we're -- certainly there's volatility around when oil and gas drop 5% to 9% -- 4% to 9% across the quarter and on June 30, they took down right like that affects the market pricing of the comps. And therefore we have to mark down -- we have to on an unrealized basis mark down our portfolio, but we still believe that what we have in the ground which obviously is only 3.5% of our overall platform will deliver value over time and that the other 39% when there's this energy volatility that becomes much more interesting and today whereas when oil was at $80 or a $100, we were able to buy in the ground at $60. Today with oil at $40 to $50, we're able to buy stuff that's economic in the ground at $20-$25. So that's really where the best North American basins are. So the North American energy industry has restructured itself such that -- and enhanced its own technology such that today its competitive with the lowest cost producers in the world, Saudi Arabia and others. And so the investment opportunity is much stronger today as an energy investor than it was when oil was at $80 because of the fact that we're investing in kind of top quartile from a cost standpoint energy assets versus what used to second to third quartile here in North America. And so we're pretty optimistic about our energy business and we have an incredible -- we're one of -- if not the best, we're one of the 2 best energy franchises across our platform. And so we think we're -- it's something that while it does create a little volatility from a mark point of view, we're very -- we think we're very excited about it and strongly committed to.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: So I heard the previous conversation obviously on everything in Athene Europe and the related. I've definitely noticed to your point, a, more portfolios for sale and opportunities to invest, but also more competitors trying to step in front and enjoy some success that you had. So it seems like it's getting more competitive. What can you talk about on both the competition for portfolios, pricing terms and how you think about that?
Joshua Harris: Look, in the financial it certainly -- I mean obviously particularly in the U.S., people have seen what we've done and the way that the financial industry works is you have to keep innovating, right? And otherwise you get copied. Having said that -- and things are more competitive. They're more competitive everywhere and so that's just a natural phenomenon when you have huge kind of money flows and central bank intervention across the world, it's affecting all markets. I think what we keep trying to do is move kind of to where the puck is going versus where it is today and -- but having said that, certainly people watch what we do. But I think we'll get our share. In Athene and Athene Europe I think we have 2 very solid platforms there and we've built competitive advantages on the investment side which others don't have. Not to mention all the experience we have with very tricky highly regulated business, right? So it's not -- kind of this isn't easy, it's complicated, but having said that, yes, like there are a lot of smart people out there and certainly there's competition everywhere.
Martin Kelly: And I would just add, I mean it's still -- certainly as Joshua said, it is more competitive. But the nice thing is that we're talking about Athene and they'll do their own call coming up shortly, but they have other levers to grow and don't have to rely on M&A. I mean, they've got flow reinsurance, they've got retail, they've got plenty of room back notes, opportunities and other things. So there are many avenues for Athene to grow and they're not relying upon M&A. I think they've proven that they're very disciplined gatherer of liabilities and we'll continue to be patient and opportunistic.
Glenn Schorr: Appreciate that. Similar but related follow-up is on Real Assets. I see you hired a new head, I think it was in late April. So I'm curious if there is an overarching growth thought process for Real Assets and maybe a specific question on infrastructure and lots of opportunity, lots of competition, just curious on where you guys stand.
Joshua Harris: Yes, look, I mean, I think in Real Asset I think we've said often that if you look at the -- our investor strength, our relationships, our ability to generate deal flow, our real estate or Real Assets segment including real estate is undersized relative to what it should be and so it is -- it's a natural growth opportunity for us. Certainly -- and then obviously in infrastructure. So it's going to grow and certainly this is a natural evolution in terms of bringing in talent and focusing on it. And the name change obviously there are certainly -- I mean, it's been well-publicized that in the U.S. and other places there's just the need for better infrastructure here. And so there would be opportunities in infrastructure. And clearly, we're -- and there is also a lot of competition in both those sectors. We're getting late cycle in real estate, but we're going to approach all this stuff in [indiscernible] way, right? We don't just go in and do whatever everyone else is doing. We trade complexity and aggravation for rate of return in purchase price; we buy at discounts; we roll up our sleeves; we take on the more complicated, harder to understand, harder to finance, harder to diligence situations and we get paid for it and we get paid for executing. So we're not going to do what everyone else is doing, we're going to do it our own way. Clearly our investors appreciate that. I was on a call with a large investor last night and they're very interested in all these phases and interested in how we're going to approach it differently. And clearly, we're not going to just go where in certain sectors there's no excess return and those sectors we'll largely leave alone. But we're going to find those sectors that for whatever reason are interesting and provide Alpha and that's kind of what we do across our platform.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: I just want to hear on the opportunity in Asia. I know that the flagship fund is global, but Asia seems to be getting more attention and kind of maybe more specific funds targeting the opportunity. So I'm just curious if -- I guess, maybe 1, kind of, what are you seeing in the investment landscape there? Do you feel like there maybe is more opportunity and would this just remain something within kind of the flagship or would it maybe make sense to be more dedicated there?
Joshua Harris: Yes, so we obviously -- we have a flagship Private Equity business and certainly we have the -- and have invested outside in Asia. We also have discrete funds in our credit businesses that are focused specifically on Asian credit opportunities. This still represents less than 3% of our platform. I mean certainly we have offices all over the place in Asia and Shanghai, within Asian real estate business; and in Hong Kong, in Singapore, in Mumbai and in a lot of places in Asia and we're not immune to -- we're focused on the investment side in Asia, we have a large team there. But we continue to see -- for our brand of investing which is deep value investing and then credit-oriented investing, we continue to see so much opportunity in markets like in North America and Europe that it hasn't been a significant part of our business. But I expect it to be a stable and growing part of our business. And so I would say that you just have to put it in context. For the most part, given the disparity of Asia and in many cases lack of creditor rights and the valuation in Asia which is generally higher value, but not always and some of the currency risks that occur and the lack of transparency of the financial statements in many cases and this does -- Asia is not monolithic, this does apply to certain parts of Asia, it hasn't been a significant kind of private equity market or credit market -- deep credit market. It's been -- there are certainly firms that have done very well in Asia and we would -- that have maybe bigger footprints than we do, but it's not a -- it's for the most part in the alternative landscape, not as big as other things. And I think it will take -- I think over time it will grow, but it will take a bit longer to get there.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Perfect color. Thank you. And then maybe just pivoting over to Real Assets, again appreciate all the color there and it seems like some potentially interesting things to come. With respect to real estate specifically, will later cycle there as you mentioned potentially, but still a lot of room to scale. And it would seem that acquisitions were 1 area that could accelerate that and then maybe some things that had been looked at over time. But it has been quieter on that front. So I'm just curious how you're thinking about acquisitions there? If there's things that are becoming more or interesting or if just valuations don't make sense given where prices are right now?
Joshua Harris: No, we're on the prowl. Obviously we announced and Gary Parr has joined us and obviously brings a lot of capability from his days at Lazard and so we're getting very organized. And certainly real estate is a core focus, but, look, the reality is acquisitions in the alternative space where you're buying people and they're complicated to put together. So it's not that the lack of announcement, right, doesn't beget a lack of activity, it's just that they're hard to put -- it just kind of takes -- these are opportunistic deals and certainly we approach them in [indiscernible] relative to evaluation, but I'd say real estate is a very -- it's a core focus of the firm and certainly I think it is an area that we're going to be adding capability and we're -- whether it be capability such as adding Joe Azelby or building up the team or capability in terms of buying existing teams and assets. So all of that stuff is on the table, but it's a just a matter what makes the most sense at any given time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: I wanted to spend a second on Credit with you guys and just the fundraising dynamic outside of kind of Athene in Europe and the Drawdown funds. Could you guys spend a couple of minutes on what's happening in the separate account business and I guess the up-tick in the total return product, sounds like momentum there has picked up a bit, so just wondering how you're thinking about that growth for the next 12 to 18 months?
Joshua Harris: Yes, I mean I'd say that -- look, if you look at it, obviously we had a -- we had significant growth outside of Fund IX in terms of growth across all areas of credit. And I'd say that what's happening is that certainly total return, the thing you've mentioned, right which is the -- I'll call it the -- broadly the crossover state, to say it's 5 to 10 -- 5 to 8 and then the managed accounts in that 8 to 10 area. That space, right which is what you're talking about which is how do I make returns that I used to make in my fixed income bucket? Like how do I do that when BBBs are now priced at 2.5 to 3 and governments are at 2 to 3 and BBs are at 4 to 5. It's a space that is very active for us and what total [indiscernible] is that it goes off the run a bit and so for a BB credit plus or minus, you can pull in duration from five years relative to some of the competitors to a year and generate 200 basis points to 400 basis points of excess return by giving up a little bit liquidity -- quarterly liquidity product versus daily. And so that has a lot of appeal to people. And so that is one big area. Another big area you mentioned is the separate managed accounts.  I'd say the areas that are growing the separate managed, those are growing and we're amending those. Certainly the more high-octane, like, hey I want a 15% to 17% rate of return and I want to play distressed, that area of the market is more difficult to source investment opportunities. So more of -- it's not impossible, but it's difficult because things are overpriced. The more -- the bigger opportunities are around in that, hey, I want a double-digit return, but I want less -- take less risk and so we're seeing a lot of opportunities there to play in levered bank debt, to play in structured credit, play in a little bit of off-the-run corporate credit, that's growing. And then the last thing that's really growing is our strategic capital platforms and so we unlike our competitors have between Athene and Athene, the money we're managing in Europe which is still small and mid-cap which is our middle market lending vehicle, all of those platforms are growing and they amount to kind of $80 billion to $90 billion and they grow at mid to high -- so they grow at various rates, but when you average it all out, they're mid to high single-digit every single year. And so we're increasingly having to develop strategies to feed them and to make sure that they're -- they have assets that allow them to grow their liability base. And so all of those areas -- and then -- and so those are areas of growth and then what Leon mentioned is that on the more opportunistic areas, those are big -- all big areas of growth that are very consistently driving kind of double-digit growth -- mid to high single-digit growth every single year on a credit basis. And then when you look at our opportunity products, whether it be our non-performing loans fund in Europe which is broadening to a bit more global or our insurance linked fund FCI or our structured credit fund, SCRF, all these are -- we're trying to get rid of the monikers here, but when you look at all these opportunities funds that are higher return funds, every single fund we're raising a lot more money than we did in the last time. And so again, it all comes back to the same thing which is that really it's not about finding the money at this point, it's about finding the opportunities and so we have a different focus maybe than others. But we have this built-in and so when you add it all up, we get to double-digit growth in that area, really without a lot of new innovations. You start new innovations like Athene Europe and all of a sudden you can get much higher growth and so that's kind of where we're in our credit business. I hope that color is helpful.
Alexander Blostein: Yes. No, thanks for all the detail there. And just one quick clarification, I thought I heard you guys say Fund IX contributes about $0.50 to FRE next year. I guess that implies almost 100% incremental margin, I just want to make sure that I got that right or other expenses that we need to think about kind of offsetting some of that top line?
Joshua Harris: Yes, that -- no, no, that's -- I mean that's our best guess estimate. I mean obviously when you have a scale team, there are -- that scale team invest in margin larger deals or whatever, we don't -- we're going to keep investing, but that's the net.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Maybe Josh and/or Leon, I know I've asked this question before about the creation multiples and you've done an impressive job and continue to have those reduced over the life of the different portfolios with funding at 5.7. What's your -- I guess just as you look at the environment in the $25 billion that you've got in Fund IX, do you think that 5.7 area is -- nothing too precise, but basically that trend is sustainable and keeping that creation multiples exceptionally well in that area? And in terms of the investment opportunities, the mix of your investments have changed over time depending on the environments and the funds there. Do you feel there's a lot of flexibility in this fund, I guess depending on what type environment evolves over the next couple of years or do you have sort of -- you think you have a lot of the opportunities already in sight?
Leon Black: I think that this has been a long term trend and something we work that for over a long period. What's kind of interesting is if you look at our last four funds going from 5, 6, 7 and 8, actually the spread versus our competitors has widened with each fund. It's gone from 2-multiple arbitrage to 3, to 4, to 5. And that that hasn't happened by accident. And my view has always been there are many roads to Rome, it's not that our competitors -- some of them are very successful. They buy maybe higher-growth companies, they take more risk and they can still make money paying higher multiples. As a value investor, we've kind of gone the other way. We have felt that the biggest determinant of result -- of a good result, many, many factors that go into that as everybody in private equity knows whether it's good management or it's market leadership or it's margin, barriers to entry, et cetera, et cetera. But we have always felt that the single most important factor was price paid in terms of determining a good result. So our view has been to develop multiple pathways, it's part of our culture to be able to buy very good companies and pay lots for them. And the multiple pathways have included buying good companies with bad balance sheets during recessions and doing it through the debt, it's a big part of our business when a down-cycle happens. We also do idiosyncratic buyouts. We also do things with a lot of complexity like carveouts and build-ups. The key to all of these things is having some type of an edge. I mean ADT is a very good example. Our edge there is we brought a couple of hundred million of synergies to the table because we combined ADT with 2 existing security alarm company that we own. So that edge is all important to us. And look, the discipline of buying things at low multiples that can give you good returns I think has really been the hallmark. Now, I can't guarantee that that trend that our next fund will have a 6 arbitrage versus our peers, but I'll bet you here that it will be still considerably lower than what our peers are doing because it is part of our culture. I think my partners and I were particularly heartened by the last 3 years and what we were able to do in Fund VIII. I mean, let's face it; the last 3 years were very challenging from a private equity point of view. All-time high prices, leverage caps and for a while declining GDP growth, well, when you put all of those factors together the math tells you that returns should come down and it was really against that environment that frankly if you look at 2016 we put more private equity capital to work than any time in our 27-year history. We did it with very good companies and we did it a 5.7 multiple. So I think our way of viewing the world and our MO is something that is working for us. And that's what we plan to continue to do. It's what our investors depend on us to do, it's what we've all been trained to do here. And as I said, everybody asked us last time around how are you going to invest this money with an $18.5 billion fund, well, we invested in 3.5 years that are 5.7 multiple in a very challenging environment. So I think after 27 years and 4 cycles and the ability to be able to play well in each of these pathways make us pretty confident that come what may that we'll be able to continue. The last footnote I would just say is that whereas Fund VII was 2/3 distressed after the financial debacle, Fund VIII was less than 5% distressed. So we're not dependent on the recession, but the fact is that a recession happens in the next 4 years, it will be something we can also take advantage of in Fund IX in terms of that prowess, but if it doesn't happen, we're confident from what we were able to do in Fund VIII that we can continue to do that in Fund IX.
Joshua Harris: I'd just add that increasingly for the first time we spent $9 billion in last 18 months and with 70% was public to private. And that's been -- this is a relatively unique time in the public markets where we're finding that the markets while they're at -- while they're at a full PE Multiple, on average they're bifurcated between like the haves and have nots and we're finding increasingly many companies that possibly used to be hedge fund-owned, used to be activists-owned, that used to be actively -- where active value managers used to own them, without the bifurcation into the path of strategies and alternatives has led to an opportunity for us to take it to actually buy things out of the public market even after a premium at very, very cheap multiples to cash flow. And so anything that is complicated or where there's an earnings mess, but there might be a great franchise, we can take private and then in essence put in place better management or restructured portfolios that might not fit well together or not -- might not be understood and so increasingly -- and our size, I mean the other thing is I'd say that now being at $25 billion, it's just there are very few funds in the world or entities in the world that just have the kind of size and access to capital, whether it be equity capital or debt capital that we do, so we find ourselves increasingly in my opinion in an area where less and less private equity firms are able to compete effectively. And so we're just finding better opportunities relative to maybe when we were smaller and there were 20 people who could do what we do.
Brian Bedell: No, that's fantastic color, thank you. And then just maybe just a follow-up on the other side of that from a realization perspective, obviously you've been on a pretty good pace there, so as we think about Fund VIII and maybe going back to the last cycle I think when you said you're going everything that's not nailed down, at that point you said few years ago as we sort of advance in this cycle, are you thinking for dispositions in Fund VIII that you'd rather do that sooner rather than later or we're -- have some positions hang out through the next cycle?
Leon Black: Look, I think to be good at private equity you need to be good at 3 things. You need to buy well, you need to build value and you need to sell well. And if you're missing 1 piece of that, you're not going to be that good. And our view is there is a time to put seeds in the ground, there's a time to harvest, that's in the middle you build a lot of value hopefully. I think we're very opportunistic when I made that statement last time, we followed up on it and we did sell almost everything that wasn't nailed down or we refinanced it because between the M&A market, between the low interest rates, the financing market, dividend recaps et cetera we're all out there available. I think we look at it similarly. However, when we buy something right and we want to build value that takes a little time. So you want to try to get close to maximizing that. You don't have to get the last dollar off the table there especially if you have favorable markets for realization during the exit. So I think what Josh was saying earlier is, yes, we may be average than Fund VIII, but a little less than 2 years right now, but some of those investments are 3 years. We've already had some realizations this year and I think that's only -- that trend is only going to accelerate obviously dependent on markets cooperating, but from our point of view the part of building value is going on every day, every week, every month and so when there are opportunities this year, next year, the year after you're going to see us hitting it to take the realization.
Joshua Harris: You're in year nine of an economic expansion making it 1 of 3 since World War II that have lasted that long. There are very few that have lasted more than 10 or 11 years. I don't think there are -- there may be one. The interest rates are at an all-time low. Equity prices are at an all-time high. PE multiple's are full and the economy is growing at a relatively slow pace. So when you think about it and when you buy at 5.7 in the market that can, you've created a lot of value on buy, it doesn't mean that you give up the value you can create in the build, but you're sort of -- when you do that and you execute you've already created a lot of value. And so we're very focused on realizations and Fund VIII particularly where they make sense to cross our platform.
Brian Bedell: That's fantastic color. Thank you so much for all the detail.
Operator: That concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I would now return the floor to Gary Stein for any additional or closing remarks.
Gary Stein: Thanks Operator and thanks everyone for joining today. As I mentioned earlier, if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to reach out to Noah Gunn or me. We'll look forward to speaking to you again next quarter.
Operator: Again thank you for your participation. This concludes today's call.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Stein - Head, Corporate Communications Josh Harris - Co-Founder, Senior Managing Director Martin Kelly - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bill Katz  Citigroup Robert Lee - KBW Mike Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ken Worthington - JPMorgan Devin Ryan - JMP Securities Chris Kotowski - Oppenheimer Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Chris Harris - Wells Fargo Gerald OHara - Jefferies Michael Cyprys - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Apollo Global Managements 2017 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation, all callers will be placed in a listen-only mode. And following Management's prepared remarks, the conference call will be open for your questions. This conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications.
Gary Stein: Great. Thanks, operator. Welcome to our first quarter 2017 earnings call and thanks for joining us. Joining me this morning are Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director; and Martin Kelly, our Chief Financial Officer. As a reminder, this call may include forward-looking statements and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Well be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, which management believes are relevant to assess the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in our earnings presentation, which is available on the Apollo website. Earlier this morning, we reported non-GAAP economic net income of $0.82 per share for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. Apollo also reported distributable earnings to common and equivalent holders of $0.57 per share driving a cash distribution of $0.49 per Class A share. If you have any questions about the information provided within the earnings presentation or on this call please feel free to follow-up with me or Noah Gunn. With that, Id like to turn the call over to Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director of Apollo Global Management.
Josh Harris: Thanks, Gary and thanks to you all for your continued interest in Apollo. As we reflect this morning on the momentum in our business, we wanted to share our perspectives on a few significant trends.  First, we've experienced significant growth in the most stable and predictable earnings stream of our business. Over the last twelve months we generated $1.38 of fee related earnings or FRE per share, nearly a three-fold increase from just five years ago. Our growth in FRE has been driven by the increasing scale of our fee generating assets and both metrics have grown at a compound annual rate of more than 20% during the last five years. Asset growth has been augmented by an ongoing focus on efficiency and cost discipline, which has resulted in significant operating leverage and margin expansion across our platform.  Second, following a year of record deployment in 2016 totaling $16 billion, we are continuing to find opportunities to put capital to work despite the high valuation and low rate environment that exist, by leveraging our deep industry expertise and our direct origination capabilities and credit.  Third, with respect to private equity we are beginning to see early signs of a realization cycle which is paving the way towards a more balanced mix between harvesting and deployment.  And finally, we continue to strengthen our balance sheet which is not only an important source of liquidity but also increasingly a significant contributor to our overall financial performance.  Moving to the specifics of the quarter, I'd like to begin with our investment performance. We pride ourselves on delivering high risk adjusted returns to our investors and once again the funds we manage generated positive results across all segments for the quarter. In private equity, the healthy portfolio appreciation of 8% was driven by 7% appreciation in private portfolio company holdings and a 10% appreciation in public portfolio company holdings.  More specifically, Fund VIII continued to display positive momentum, appreciated by 7.5% for the quarter and 29% over the last twelve months, bringing the gross and net IRRs to 27% and 16% respectively, highlighting that this relatively young fund is off to an excellent start.  In credit, all major product categories posted positive performance resulting in total gross return of approximately 1.9% for the period. In real estate, our U.S. equity fund appreciated 3.8% and continued to perform well, with the net IRRs in the mid-teens.  Turning to asset growth, we continue to benefit from numerous secular tailwinds among the investor community, including the search for yield, the relationship consolidation towards the most successful managers and the migration away from traditional active equity of fixed income strategies to a more barbell approach, including passive strategies and alternative strategies. This backdrop is serving us well as we drive the business forward through organic fund raising efforts as well as our strategic capital initiatives, which accumulate permanent or long dated capital outside of the traditional fund construct.  It is worth noting that these strategic capital initiatives meaningfully differentiate Apollo from other asset managers. Over the past twelve months, our organic fund raising and strategic initiatives generated a total of $35 billion of gross inflows across the platform, including more than $5 billion in the first quarter. This is setting us on a path to exceed the $200 billion mark of total assets under management in the very near future.  The quarter's activity was driven by nearly $3 billion of inflows from strategic capital initiatives, which included nearly $2 billion of net new assets from Athene as their business continues to grow. Earlier this month, Athene received a ratings upgrade to A from AM Best, another milestone which we believe will enhance the company's multichannel distribution growth strategy.  Away from Athene, there was more than $1 billion of inflows related to our newer business initiative: Apollo Asset Management Europe, or AAME, resulting from the onboarding of new assets from the balance sheet of an existing portfolio company. Subsequent to quarter end, you may have also seen that an entity named AGER, A-G-E-R announced a 2.2 billion capital raise that was primarily sourced through Apollos strong network of investor relationships. AGER is a strategic platform established by Apollo and Athene to acquire or reinsure blocks of insurance business in the German and Briar European life insurance market where we believe that there is a large need for capital. Athene and Apollo will be minority investors in AGER and long term strategic partners.  Similar to Athene, an affiliate of Apollo, AAME will act as advisor with respect to AGERs investment portfolio. This new business venture is in the early stages and we are optimistic about its growth potential over time.  As it relates to inflows from organic fund raising efforts, the quarter's primary activity included a follow-on closing from our third European Principal Finance Fund bringing total commitments to $2.7 billion at the end of March. And since then we had a $400 million closing in April bringing the fund to over the $3 billion mark. We continue to believe the fund will meet or exceed the size of its predecessor.  There was also more than $1 billion raised across a variety of liquidity performing credit strategies, the most notable of which was total return. Total Return is a great example of how we can harness the power of our integrated platform to create a differentiated investment solution to help fund our fund investors in their search for yield.  As you may recall this unconstrained credit strategy allows us to navigate the opportunity set across the liquid and performing spectrum of our platform. Total Return recently reached a three-year anniversary key milestone for the consultant channel and the track record continued to thrive. At the end of March, assets in Total Return were approximately $2.3 billion and working on a healthy pipeline of new commitments.  As we think about the outlook for fund raising and asset growth more broadly, we continue to believe that our ninth flagship private equity fund currently in the market will be a meaningful contributor. We now expect a significant closing for that fund to occur before the end of the second quarter. The Fund VIII still has adequate dry powder to sustain continued investment activity. We currently expect Fund 9 will commence its investment period and these turn-on fees by year end or shortly thereafter.  This point leads me to the next area I'd like to discuss which is investing and harvesting. The first quarter's results illustrate that our team continues to successfully identify value oriented opportunities while maintaining our investment discipline across businesses. In private equity, the $1.6 billion deployed during the quarter was primarily driven by two transactions, to take private acquisition of Apollo Education Group and a sizable acquisition by Chisholm Oil & Gas which is an energy platform in Oklahoma. The team remains active.  The number of potential opportunities in the pipeline  Fund VIII has committed 71% of its capital to date, and we estimate the fund has approximately $3 billion remaining for new commitments. Over the past couple years, it is clear that our private equity team is in much more active investing capital rather than harvesting the portfolios, resulting in a two to one ratio in favor of deployment. But we are beginning to see the size of a more balanced mix of portfolio activity. There was nearly $1 billion of gross proceeds realized from private equity during the quarter, just driven by the dividend recap transactions at Verallia, ADT and Vectra given favorable financing markets. We are encouraged by the early monetization opportunities and returns we are seeing from Fund VIII given that it is a young and maturing portfolio. And we believe a path to increasing realization and cash carry is on the horizon.  Turning to credit, while the potential for rising interest rates could provide some pockets of dislocation, rates remain near historic lows, spreads are tight and the market is full of liquidity, a recipe which is leading our team to be cautious. However we continue to find attractive situations where we believe we can leverage some of our competitive strength such as speed, scale, industry expertise and our integrated platform. Additionally we made a strategic decision a few years ago to build what has become a sizable direct origination capability, providing us with the flexibility to pivot between broadly syndicated credit when value is more readily available on the market and directly originated non- CUSIP non-traded credit when value is scarce. We believe this ability to toggle toward opportunity is increasingly important in an extended credit cycle.  One recent example of our origination strength is the $800 million debtor-in-possession financing to support Westinghouse Electric Company. Westinghouse is a longstanding American franchise with 11,000 employees, their nuclear fuel technology helps generate roughly 10% of all electricity in the United States. While Westinghouse and its advisors had numerous alternative proposals, Apollo was selected because of our funds ability to decisively provide a creative and elastic solution amid a complicated restructuring process. The successful execution of this transaction was made possible by our ability to maneuver a complicated bankruptcy process as well as the scale of our funds capital.  Turning to real estate for a moment, we are excited to announce that Joe Azelbee [ph] will be joining Apollo starting next Monday as global head of real asset. Joe has more than three decades of experience, most recently at JP Morgan where he managed a multi-faceted real estate business. Joe will oversee our existing real estate debt and equity strategies and will work closely with our team to pursue complementary growth opportunities within the real assets arena more broadly. With respect to our financial profile, our balance sheet today is strong and with solid investment performance in our fund, and upside created from strategic investments like Athene, it is only getting stronger. At quarter end, the balance sheet comprised more than $5 per share value, which is more than double the level from just twelve months ago. This growth was primarily driven by the strong appreciation in the value of Athene as well as a significant increase in the value of our net carried interest receivable, which is at nearly $2 per share at quarter end, and four times our cyclical low, or approximately $0.50 per share just a year ago.  In addition, we have $1.1 billion of cash and an additional $500 million of undrawn revolver, providing us with ample liquidity. Our cash balance reflects the issuance of our first perpetual preferred stock security which occurred during the quarter. The transaction was well received with gross proceeds of $275 million priced at 6 and 3As [ph]. We were pleased by the outcome as it allowed us to diversify our capital structure with permanent financing at an attractive rate. With this enhanced flexibility we continue to pursue strategic capital initiatives, evaluate potential M&A transactions and fund other growth opportunities.  In closing, I'd like to convey our optimism about the future of our business. We are positioned as a leading global alternative investment management franchise, which is driven by a talented and growing team. We're maintaining our investment discipline to achieve best-in-class returns. We continue to expand the capabilities of our platform which will ultimately benefit the investors in our funds and strategic capital platforms as well as our shareholders.  Now I'd like to turn it over to Martin to walk through our financial results in more detail. Martin?
Martin Kelly: Thanks Josh and good morning again everyone. Our strong first quarter results capped a twelve-month period of significant earnings growth. Total economic net income of $1.4 billion for the twelve month period ending March 2017 was more than six times the amount of the preceding twelve month period ending March 2016.  During that time we delivered strong investment performance across all segments, resulting in 60% growth in our base of carry-generating AUM. We grew fee-related earnings significantly and we received meaningful contributions from our balance sheet investments. It's clear that the breadth and scale of our platform continues to expand as we grew our total asset base of assets under management by 14% year over year to $197 billion, much in closer to our previously stated longer term goal of $250 billion to $300 billion.  Focusing on the financial performance of the first quarter, we generated total ENI of $332 million or $0.82 per share. Pre-tax, our economic income was $390 million or $0.97 per share, driven by the following key components. FRE contributed $134 million or $0.33 per share. Private equity net carry contributed $189 million or $0.47, including $0.24 from Fund VIII. Athene contributed $57 million or $0.14 per share between our balance sheet investment and carry arrangements. And the balance sheet ex-Athene contributed $34 million or $0.08 per share.  Starting with FRE, $134 million or $0.33 per share for the first quarter was up slightly quarter over quarter and up meaningfully year over year due to continued growth in management fees and cost discipline. Included within FRE this quarter is a non-recurring $17.5 million insurance recovery related to a previously disclosed item that reduced FFRE in a prior period.  Looking a bit farther out, we would expect the step function of FRE growth to occur when our next flagship private equity fund commences its investment period and turns on fees as Josh mentioned likely by the end of the year or shortly thereafter. Although we would expect to incur fees associated with fund raising in the second and third quarter.  In terms of performance fee and balance sheet related income, we earned approximately $250 million of net carry and investment related income during the quarter. The results for the quarter were driven by two primary factors: one, positive investment performance across our businesses, particularly private equity, which drove net carry income of approximately $189 million; and two, appreciation in the value of Athene which combined -- which produced combined investment and carry income of approximately $57 million.  In private equity, carry income earned in the quarter was broad based as all meaningful funds posted gains and with Fund VIII leading the way. In credit, carry income was also broad based with all three fund. categories contributing, although in lower amounts than prior quarters given benign conditions in the credit markets. In real estate, carry income was driven by both of the US equity funds which continued to perform well.  Turning to Athene, the fair value increased by approximately 5% from valuation at the end of the fourth quarter. The quarter-over-quarter increase in valuation was primarily driven by stock price appreciation and we also modestly reduced the liquidity discount in our valuation. The increase in the fair value of Athene during the quarter resulted in a $39 million unrealized gains within other income, as well as $17 million of net carried interest income from AAA and related accounts, driving the aggregate contribution to fourth quarter ENI of $0.14 per share.  Regarding our cash distribution of $0.49 per Class A share we declared today for the first quarter was driven by three primary factors: one, the relative cash flow stability of our fee related earnings; two, realized net carry related to the dividend recap transactions Josh mentioned earlier. In the first quarter, Fund VIII generated $36 million or $0.09 per share of cash carry. And three, realized net carry driven by the crystallization of a portion of the AAA carry receivable in conjunction with the secondary offering completed by Athene in late March. We would expect the remaining net carry receivable about at AAA which at the end of March was $145 million and is subject to change based on the valuation of Athene, to be fully monetized over the next twelve months as additional AAA shares are on watch. Our payout ratio for the first quarter was a bit lower than recent quarters because we were seeing the insurance recovery.  Before we open up the lines of questions, I'd just like to flag a couple of new disclosures within our earnings presentation that you may find helpful as you analyze our business.  The first is a new page of supplemental information on our private equity business which provides additional transparency around the composition of the current portfolio and offers insights into the relative maturity and valuation of the primary funds driving economic and distributable carry over time.  The second disclosure is a new line within our profit share expenses which identifies realized profit share compensation that is paid in equity instead of cash. We've talked before about our approach of paying investment professionals a portion of the carry they receive in shares is subject to vesting and for the first time youre beginning to see the accounting for that activity in our financials. This is a policy that we're implementing across all our businesses. Going forward you should still expect the long run performance fee compensation to remain unchanged from the approximate level of 45%.  With that, we will now turn the call back to the operator and open the line for any of your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bill Katz of Citigroup.
Bill Katz : Why dont we just start on the  Josh, maybe talked about DRE. Can you flush that out little bit, maybe talk about the total addressable market that you could foresee for that business and then maybe the flow-back of economics that would be there for Apollo, I presume you're inferring the US allocations as well as advisory fee, so wondering if I am thinking about that correctly.
Josh Harris: So you broke up  are you saying AAME? Is that what you are asking about?
Bill Katz : Yes.
Josh Harris: Yeah, I mean  look, I think obviously we've raised capital and we're looking to deploy that capital with the buying books of insurance liabilities in Europe and in much the way that we did in the US. We haven't really -- there's certainly a much Apollo through it, AAME, and throughout our asset management and we will be managing a portion of those assets. We haven't really disclosed yet exactly the economics of all of that and so we'll probably hesitate but if you think about, is that going to be -- if you think about conceptually what we did with Athene, that's probably a pretty good way to think about it, although obviously they're totally different markets and how all of the economics will work will be different, and the margins will be lower. 
Martin Kelly: And we know there's a lot of acronyms and  so AGER  which is Athene, Germany, AGER, that's the attitude to raise the capital 2.2 billion of initial equity capital, that can be levered up quite meaningfully in the European markets. And as Josh mentioned, AAME will be investment advisor for the assets within that AGER entity. 
Josh Harris: So you think of AGER as Athene and you think of AAME as AAM, and we apologize for how confusing it is, it confuses even us, we are open to suggestions. That's the way that we've set it up, so AAME, E is Europe, AAME. I don't know if that gives you about as much color as we can give you I think at this point. 
Martin Kelly: And I would just say its early stages for AGER, they just quote  just raising the capital but now well capitalized to go out and look for opportunities to acquire books of business  
Josh Harris: But if you think of $2 billion of equity capital, I mean I think you're aware -- I mean insurance companies can be levered and that gives you a lot of buying power. 
Bill Katz : And then my follow up question, nice theme of questions this morning, Josh spent some time talking about the strength in your balance sheet some; can you about a little bit how you think about that a de novo basis versus maybe through acquisitions particularly since receipt going on Gary Clark on to your sort of leadership teams well. 
Josh Harris: Yeah, I mean I would say that obviously we're completely flexible to all of that depending on what the best value from our point of view is. Clearly doing acquisitions  I mean weve done a relatively -- Stone Tower was really successful, an acquisition called Gulf Stream was really successful, we've had some other methods but we sort of bring the same value discipline around acquisitions as we do in our private equity business. So the stars and moon aligning and getting something that is strategic for us and it's the same type price well -- they come to you in arbitrary but we're clearly lucky and certainly Garry Parr will be adding to that capability but we're also finding relative to these strategic capital platforms whether it be Athene or Athene Europe, AGER, or any number of other ideas that we have, that mid-cap which you also know about, like that these require some amount of capital contribution from us. So the capital loss would be used for that.  And then there's also the ability to organically bring in teams. So I think all of those things are on the table and we're looking at a lots of different, certainly Gary adds that was one of the significant reasons we did bring in Gary  and capability. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Lee of KBW.
Robert Lee : Could you maybe  maybe adding some color on fund raising, for fund -- I guess its Fund 9, just kind of at this point sense is you're seeing kind of the mix of LPs; does it predominantly kind of  existing KLP. Or resigning or are you seeing kind of broadening of your LP investor base on nine? 
Josh Harris: I think, this is what I would do, because I can't -- unfortunately I don't want to comment specifically on fund 9, but I can comment generally around fund raising which is to say the following. Certainly there's a broadening globalization of the investor base. What we're finding is that all of our -- and certainly we're seeing consolidation at the investor base, existing relationships and so we're benefiting from those trends. So we're finding our -- all pretty much all of our LP is getting larger with us, or the vast majority with options but at the same time certainly in Asia, the Middle East, Europe even and we're certainly seeing the globalization.  So if you look at the overall percentage from North America, it's fallen a bit relative -- even though it's grown on an absolute basis it's fallen a bit over the last five years and it would sort of be no probably under 50% at this point, just the shy under 50%. And youd see regional growth in all of those different regions. I would say we're finding -- in terms of institutional versus retail we're seeing so -- I mean retail is growing in absolute dollars but it remains between 10% and 15% of our overall business excluding Athene. And you can kind of -- I don't know what to characterize that, that could be characterized as retail or it.  And we're finding that -- truthfully there's so much demand from our institutional clients that we're not -- we have so much capital that we're limiting how much capital that we make available to retail, basically, in a sense that were trying to satisfy our institutional fans by the best and after that. That might make us a little bit different than others. So we're still growing in absolute dollars, that affected our overall platform. So that would be like -- I don't know if that's not enough color but that's sort of the color that I would offer. 
Robert Lee : And then maybe as a follow up; in terms of thinking about current and future deployment, I mean obviously you've been active in in Europe. But one of the things I get -- to them feel like we hear too much about -- maybe relative some of your peers is the deployment or investment activity for you guys in Asia. Now understanding your peak your funds can kind of go anywhere but I mean do you feel you have the kind of Asian footprint you'd like or is that an area of focus where you think you need to kind of put more emphasis?
Josh Harris: Yes, less than 3% of our overall investing is outside of Europe and the US -- North America and so it is for sure that we do have an office inn Hong Kong and Singapore and we have people in Australia but we are -- truthfully and so we have a footprint there. But in Mumbai, actually in Shanghai but we're not finding the risk return to be as attractive as we're finding in our core markets. If we're going to go into a market that is foreign to us and have to pay a higher price and have to deal with lack of transparency in the financial statements and possibly in markets that are a minority, in many cases they want to sell control. It has not been a deep value opportunity, Mark.  If you look at what most others are doing in Asia, it's been a lot more relative to growth activity at much higher prices. And so that's not really what we do and so we continue to look in Asia but we can then have a presence in Asia. It's not that we don't do anything in Asia certainly, it was -- did a real estate transaction in Thailand. But we haven't seen the opportunities and that is different than and refining much more opportunity in our core market and it probably has to do with our differentiated south, we just are not there to pay high prices. And so that limits what will do. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Carrier with Bank of America. 
Mike Carrier : Josh, maybe first on your commentary, just on the shifting from deployment to realizations. I know trying to time or gauge realization activity is tough for you guys and us. But when I think about it may be Fund VIII funny and I look at the performance versus the seasoning, he is still relatively young. How does that compare to maybe some of the past fund when we start to think about the potential that we could see healing cash realizations over the next two to three years?
Josh Harris: Yeah I think obviously and we have the new disclosure, you can see it, if the average life of our investment is 1.1 years, clearly we made a lot of money in the fund on the buy. So as we've mentioned to you before, we have acquired the fund from between 5 and 6 times cash flow which is well south, like five multiples south, the private equity averages and about that same amount south of the public markets if you were to express the public markets in terms of EBITDA multiple. So there are three ways to make money; in equity there's buying, right there they are right and there's adding value along the way. Much of what we're doing in the portfolio and so a lot of our money, a bunch of the money, was made on the buy and now we're busy adding value and in many cases were building platforms unlike ADT, or were doing -- turning around company, all other fresh markets, or were repositioning and divesting certain things, Rackspace, many of these companies have been public and getting out of certain businesses and emphasizing other businesses.  And so the ultimate exit sometimes does require -- it does require a bit of seasoning and you need to do see -- not only if you can find the right, its great but then you need to do the active management of it. And so I think it is still early. Having said that we are incredibly focused on monetizing the portfolio, because to a large extent we believe that we're heading into the ninth year of an economic recovery. Financing markets are appealing and equity markets are aggressively pricing things in most cases. And so we're doing everything we can. A lot of what we've been doing in the early part of funding is doing these dividend recaps, right, which allow you -- in many cases the fact that you've already done some stuff and [deposits] have come down, the leverage levels have come down. For as much less leverage our peers, I want to say it's mid three multiple of EBITDA, so that gives you some room to releverage it. And so we're going to do our best to pull as much money out of the portfolio as we can, as quickly as possible but to your point it is still young and a year is probably too early. And so that's what I would say to it. So I don't think we're in full swing at by any means but we're also cognizant of the environment and we're going to lean into returning capital to our investors. And it doesn't really make sense to compare it back to -- I mean unfortunately to compare back to 07, 08, or 06, or whatever. I mean 07 literally was 60% distressed for control. This is 5% distressed for control. So this portfolio we put together in a wholly different market. In distress for control you can buy get a one price and then if the market tries to sell it. Here a lot of what we're doing is managing and approving companies. And so your ability to move out of it so quickly is different. 
Martin Kelly: And then Mike, maybe just put a bit of context around the potential Fund VIII relative to the private funds. Appreciating that the construction is different, Fund VI created -- which was a $10 billion fund created about 270 of net carry for IPO after profit share. Fund VII which was a $14.5 billion fund created about 440 [ph]. And so if we can create a double on VIII then that's around $5 of net cash carry to come out over the next number of years. 
Josh Harris: I really believe -- I would be really surprised -- I mean our average multiple is about 2.4x across all of our finds and just knowing the portfolio Fund VIII and I'm trying to be measured on the call, I would be -- I think two is a low estimate. I mean obviously, if the recession hit or whatever, it might take us longer, but we're well on our way to that. And we've seen in five -- we've seen it be as high as three. So the range really  when you look at the range of our funds, the funds that were the toughest funds, are about two. So six, which is pre-financial crisis before the EBITDA just took a huge hit, that was just about two. And the funds that have done well are approach three or even above three. And so that's how you get to the 2.4. So Martin is giving you appropriately, I think, the more conservative estimate. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington of JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington : Hi good morning. In terms of your other clothes and vehicles, if you could, can you talk about how theyre positioned in terms of raising new capital? Is the raising of capital likelihood or possibility over the next twelve months or so? And I was particularly interested in kind of where mid-cap stands and now I assume you can't comment on AINV but if you could -- if you were able to I'd be interested in your thoughts in AINV as well. 
Josh Harris: I mean, look, to start with mid-cap. Mid-cap -- we raise money when we need to raise money and obviously the middle market origination strategy is working and mid-cap is doing quite well, and our investors are quite happy. And we're up to about 7 billion of assets and we have a capacity just with our existing equity and capital base to put another two to three billion of assets on the books which is how ultimately the fees that flow based on assets. And I think that we will raise money. And I think that I would say that given the success of Athene, and I think this is validated by the recent fund raise with AGER, and people are happy -- our investors are happy with these permanent capital, these strategic capital platforms. And so when we show up with an idea or when we show up and say okay, we need to raise more capital for our existing platforms, we've been met with a good reception, because we've done well by our investors. And so we would expect that to continue. So when, for example, mid-cap needs more capital I would expect they would be able to get more capital.  In terms of AINV, which is a public company, I would shy away from speaking for that company publicly. Looking at Gary to see if he has anything to add but our general policy is not to really interfere or get in front of the disclosure of other public companies but certainly we certainly hope that they -- and we work with them disclose things appropriately. 
Gary Stein: Yes, I think that's right. I don't think we want to speak on behalf of another public company. 
Josh Harris: And you know our other public vehicles are all out there, they're smaller but certainly our commercial real estate vehicle which is the biggest of those has been successful in raising capital over time. 
Ken Worthington : And Athene continues to do exceptionally well, so this is sort of a question of where things could go wrong. Are there any capacity issues or size constraints for Apollo? So Athene is now at 73 billion, it's an acquisitive company. If it were to do another big deal, Athene could be $100 billion  Athene could be a $100 billion for Apollo and like a heartbeat. So are there any factors that would prevent or limit or inhibit the liability side for Apollo relative to Athene, if Athene keeps growing as has been the case?
Josh Harris: The answer is no because -- and just remember the relationship between Athene and Apollo. Athene is his own entity, its public. Certainly we own -- when all is said and done, between 10% and 15% of Athene, so we are a large equity holder of Athene. And we also receive fees from Athene for managing the assets of Athene. And so from our point of view, as an interested shareholder certainly, its sensible growth from Athenes point of view and we think they have a great Jim Belardi and the management team, they're quite good, its positive. As a shareholder it's also positive to the extent that we continue to manage a greater pool of assets for them.  So from our point of view, there's no real risk or concern about the size of Athene. And obviously Athene certainly has to do -- risk manage to do all the things that are good and match assets and liabilities and do all of the good things that other insurance companies do. And we certainly from our vantage point are supportive and think that that's going on right now. 
Gary Stein: Before we take the next question I just want to say we have somewhat a fairly lengthy queue, so if we could ask the next folks asking questions just limit up to one question, thats be great. Our prepared remarks were a bit longer than normal just because we have a lot we want to share, thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan of JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan : Just a quick one here within credit, fee generating AUM slipped a little bit in the quarter, I think it was down $5.5 billion. But it also looks like $7 billion of AUM which was 250 basis points away from carry generating, which also looks like it came out of liquid and performing. So I just like to get more detail on the downtick in the quarter and then any color on your outlook for I guess that business specifically, maybe ability to get that back into the green. 
Martin Kelly: Sure, Devin, this is Martin. So it was a drop in carry-gens. It's almost exclusively attributed to one fund which we call the credit fund, it's a performing one fund. And its structure is such that it has an annual reset on the incentive which means it has to -- it's pressed every year. And so -- which we did last year and so it was sort of in carry at year end. It came up just shy of a quarter of a full year to promote for Q1. It has clearly the potential to step back in but it has to earn half a years of promote by the end of Q2. 
Josh Harris: It is very close; I mean literally it's just shy of its hurdle and it could easily go -- tell us what the markets are going to do in Q2, Q3 and Q4. 
Devin Ryan : So just a little bit of mechanical dynamic, that's helpful thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski of Oppenheimer. 
Chris Kotowski : Yeah, I guess the realized carry at $155 million on private equity was more than we were looking for and a nice surprise. But I guess a couple of questions; one, you said out of Fund VIII it was mainly dividend recaps and I guess you touched on it a bit. But is there more potential in Fund VIII to do -- to generate through dividend recaps or from here should we be looking mainly to sales? 
Josh Harris: I think its going to be all of the above. I don't think we're out of the capacity -- I mean literally if you think about it right you're managing the overall leverage level. And so at the portfolio the EBITDA is going up, and debt is being repaid -- you regenerate the ability to dividend recaps, plus this is only  it was like three or four companies out of, I dont know, 25. We're not even close but look, I think as time wears on you'll see certainly us doing IPOs and selling more things. But I think that we're certainly not out of capacity. 
Chris Kotowski: And then just related to the 20 million of realized carry out Fund VII, I thought that was still in escrow -- and that it wasn't eligible for generating carry?
Josh Harris: Yes, so that relates to tax distributions that we received in the first quarter related to Fund VII activity last year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein : Question for you guys around the credit business and just kind of the carry that's sitting there right now. So roughly $400 million I guess of gross carry, the bulk of that is sitting in a drawdown funds. I guess given your comments around where we are in the credit cycle in general of being likely more of a net seller than a net buyer, how should we think about I guess the pace of monetization of the carry specifically from credit side of the business? The private equity side I guess is a little bit more clear. 
Martin Kelly: Yeah, I'll take a crack, it's hard to frame, Alex. So in the ground today in credit we have $28 billion of money that's in carry and that associated with that is the $400 million gross carry receivable you referenced. In addition to that, there is a trajectory around how and when that gets monetized. In addition to that there's dry powder of about 10, and with fund raising and so that will be on top of that.  If you look back in the last couple years the realized credit carry has been quite volatile. Last year it was $150 million. In the first quarter we clipped about 20-odd, so I would say it's likely to be lower than last year. But it really depends on the market environment and putting money to work and raising new capital as much as it does monetizing that one event. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler : Thanks. What are your updated thoughts behind C-corp conversion and what would you need to see from tax reform in order to make the conversion  
Josh Harris: We were just like smiling because we knew -- we wouldn't get away with that one. Look, we strictly try not to speculate, I mean obviously the lower the corporate rate goes, obviously the reason for this structure is to avoid double taxation, and to allow for carried interest to flow to investors directly, which I guess is the same thing. The lower the corporate rate goes, the less effective the structure is and you weigh it against the complexity of having the structure. So I think that certainly if the tax -- Trump tax plan as we understand it in the public comes to fruition, certainly we will be looking very hard at that. But that's about all we can say at this point, because it's highly speculative what's going to happen.  And secondly, there's a lot of details that matter that aren't out there. So its sort of very speculative but certainly the 15% rate is out there and you know that certainly makes us -- will make us look harder at the structure and in of itself. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Harris of Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris : Thanks. As it relates to the balance sheet, you guys mentioned the possibility for M&A opportunities. What is your philosophy there and what kind of things could you guys essentially be looking at? 
Josh Harris: Yes, our philosophy is we look at -- I mean go back to your finance 101 class, we look at our cost of capital and then we try -- we look at whether an acquisition is accretive financially and then we look at the strategic fit with our platform in terms of either things that we -- teams that we think we can back and create funding for and or things that broaden -- will broaden our overall and be ancillary to our overall relationship with our existing investors. So for example I think we said before that we're really small in real assets and real estate and that's an area that would make sense to add. Certainly in credit, there are lots of different parts of credit which are ancillary to our business where we could add.  And then I'd say the last thing -- that's sort of our philosophy on how we approach it both financially and strategically. We've certainly been -- and as someone mentioned before, like we've brought in Gary Parr  we hired Gary Parr, he now works with us and amongst other duties that he has run strategy and we're taking a hard look at a lot of different things. The only thing Id mention is that we generally shy away from cost driven acquisitions. So in the investment world, not that we don't try to get cost but sort of buying something so that you can cut a lot of cost out of it. By and large our assets are people, that doesn't tend to work that well. So philosophically we're certainly going to look at opportunities where we can buy it well up and adds accretively to revenue. There's not a lot of overlap in cost reduction. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerry OHara of Jefferies.
Gerald OHara : Thanks for squeezing me in. Just circling back to AGRE for a moment. Is that something that is -- it seems obviously it's regional in nature but is that something that we could potentially expect to see for other European countries or areas in that area just given the differentiation of strategies rule was, what have you? And also perhaps what you see is attractive in that particular market trade area  maybe you kind of start it there?
Josh Harris: Sure. So first of all, I'm not trying to be cute but it's AGER and the reason I am correcting you is that AGRE is Apollo Real Estate. So we're trying to make it wildly confusing to everyone, including ourselves. But in terms of AGER, yes, that's a pan-European platform. The reason that we named it AGER was that we started with an acquisition that Athene made in Germany and they contributed that German asset to the pool, we raised 2.2 billion, we contributed that asset and so we now have a company. But certainly they're going to look at all kinds of different things in Europe and its a broad European platform. What makes that attractive is that, that rates in Europe are near zero and very very low and that's putting tremendous pressure on insurance companies that have originated liabilities where they promised their insureds a certain rate of return in the life insurance business. And so because rates have fallen, there's these legacy books of business that are very much hurting the profitability of the insurance companies and the capital ratios of the insurance companies in Europe. And so they're looking for ways to raise capital and so we see it as an opportunity to be -- to buy things at very  buy books of liabilities at very very low rates that that give us sustainable liabilities. And so there's a big Id say a restructuring going on in that industry that is providing an opportunity for us to in essence create some value. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley. 
Michael Cyprys : Thanks for squeezing me in here. Just wanted to come back to your points on the direct origination capabilities that, you mentioned Josh as a differentiator. Just curious if you could elaborate on that a bit more just in terms of how you've been building out your direct origination capabilities of US, Europe, any sticks you could share maybe in terms of the size of the keep today versus a couple years ago? And just maybe you could talk a little about how youre building that out currently than your peers, what's differentiated?
Josh Harris: Yes. So I would say that certainly through -- there's Apollo, right and then there's related entity such as Mid-cap that -- and so I would say that when you  problem related entities whether it be feet on the street in terms of originating middle market loans, whether it be our ability to process structured credit and line up liabilities streams like CLO liability, structured real estate credit, whether it be in aircraft, finance, lease team where we can buy aircraft and leave some back or provide Bsing [ph] to earth. So we have these capabilities  whether it be energy credit where we felt the capability to analyse different basins in terms of the geology and the actual natural resources themselves, like we're continually or whether it be in Europe our capability of offering insurance, products to insurance companies because of our knowledge and expertise in that area.  We're are and continue to be building out this ability to get out of the firefight with the central banks in terms of zero rates, and the public markets being affected by that. And so when we look at the public markets of credit, it's really -- it's really very very historic lows. And so we're trying to create alpha. There's not -- our ability to life settlements, capability to buy insurance assets. You know, life insurance policies. So we have all these platforms across our credit business that increasingly are specialized in nature and providing this capability. And when you add up all of the origination capability, both inside and outside Apollo where we have perpetual management contract sure in the hundreds.  So I think that it's certainly as are greater than 100. I think it certainly is an advantage and I think that we're going to continue to invest and look for opportunities to grow that. 
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank. 
Gary Stein: Yes, I think he dropped.  End of Q&A
Operator: And that does conclude the Q&A session for today. I'll turn the floor back over to Gary Stein for any additional or closing remarks. 
Gary Stein: Thanks operator and thanks everybody for joining us today. As I noted previously, if you have any follow up questions, please feel free to circle back to Noah Gunn or me. 
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Stein - Head, Corporate Communications Leon Black - Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Josh Harris - Co-Founder, Senior Managing Director Martin Kelly - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Devin Ryan - JMP Securities Mike Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Bill Katz - Citigroup Glenn Schorr - Evercore Ken Worthington - JPMorgan Chris Harris - Wells Fargo Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Apollo Global Managements 2016 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation, all callers will be placed in a listen-only mode. And following Management's prepared remarks, the conference will be open for questions. This conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications.
Gary Stein: Thanks, operator. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings call and thanks for joining us. Sitting around the table with me this morning are Leon Black, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director; and Martin Kelly, our Chief Financial Officer. As a reminder, this call may include forward-looking statements and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Well be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, including the introduction of FRE or Fee Related Earnings, which management believes are relevant to assess the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in our earnings presentation, which is available on the Apollo website. Earlier this morning, we reported non-GAAP economic net income of $0.98 per share for the fourth quarter and $2.36 per share for the full year ended December 31, 2016. Apollo also reported distributable earnings to common and equivalent holders of $0.55 per share for the fourth quarter and $1.56 for the full year. We declared a cash distribution of $0.45 per share for the fourth quarter bringing the total for the full year to $1.42 per share. If you have any questions about the information provided within the earnings presentation or on this call please feel free to follow-up with me or Noah Gunn. With that, Id like to turn the call over to Leon Black, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Leon Black: Thanks Gary, and good morning and happy New Year to everyone. When I spoke with all of you a year ago on our year-end 2015 earnings call, you may recall the world felt much different at that time compared to today. Equity markets were pulling back and credit markets where tightening, which drove a freeze in deal making for most of the market as the world anticipated a turn in the economic cycle, but signs of turmoil and forthcoming distressed investment opportunities where short-lived. And by mid-February 2016 sentiment began to reverse course as investors regain confidence and markets charge upward through the year along with valuations and made historical political events around the globe.  As we reflect on the past year and look forward to the future, Id like to walk you through some highlights of what we were able to achieve in this environment. While some years could be described as years of reaping, at Apollo 2016 was clearly a year of sowing. The funds we manage together with co-investment partnerships invested $16 billion in aggregate during the year, more capital in a calendar period than ever before in our history. This result may surprise you given the prolonged high valuation environment we have been operating in over the past years.  Despite this backdrop however, across our integrated global platform, we remain committed to our value orientation and continue to embrace complexity in order to identify a variety of attractive investment opportunities at discounted valuations. We were particularly active in private equity were the funds we managed deployed nearly $10 billion in 2016 well in excess of $4 billion to $5 billion per year historical average, due to opportunities that arose more recently, as well as deal flow that had been in the works for the past several years. When financing markets seized up early in the year, our team remained active through creative deal structuring and by leveraging Apollos strong investor relationships. And when markets rebounded, we maintained our discipline and did not chase opportunities and we were able to identify a number of deals at attractive entry prices. Consistent with our value orientation, the average creation multiple on investments made by Fund VIII during the year was approximately five turns, meaningful below the industry average of some 10.5 times. So not one or two multiples lower, but actually half of what the industry average is doing.  The pipeline of committed, but not that deployed capital was $2.5 billion at year end and the team remains active on the number of fronts with plenty of new potential opportunities. Including deal activity announced in since year-end, Fund VIII has committed 70% of its capital to date, and we estimate the fund has approximately $3 billion remaining for investments, which dovetails nicely with the timing of the next vintage Fund IX. In addition, we have more than $3 billion of incremental dry powder dedicated to natural resources in ANRP II, and we believe we are well positioned given the investment opportunities set that continues to unfold in the energy sector. As a leading global alternative investment manager, we have continued to solidify our position and drive our business forward through organic fundraising efforts and strategic initiatives, which accumulate permanent or long dated capital outside of the traditional Fun construct. These efforts collectively lead to $35 billion of gross inflows for the year driving us to more than $190 billion of total assets under management. $14 billion of the $35 billion in total inflows was sourced through traditional fundraising activity from mostly long dated capital. This organic growth was driven by our teams continued success in meeting the strong investor demand we're seeing for our differentiated investment capabilities, particularly across the credit spectrum through raising larger successor vintage funds, bespoke management accounts, and newer open-end products like total return.  As we look forward to 2017 and think about fundraising, the largest single driver of AUM growth will likely be our ninth flagship private equity fund, which recently kicked off an offering process. Our current expectation is for that fund to have a meaningful closing sometime in the middle of this year. Augmenting the $14 billion of fundraising activity during the year was $18 billion of inflows related to what we've broadly referred to as non-traditional asset management structures, which includes permanent capital vehicles such as the scene and MidCap and other platforms that manage long dated capital through unique structures such as AAME. We believe these initiatives are highly strategic for Apollo and can offer significant growth potential over time. For perspective, Athene, which represents $71 billion of Apollo's AUM was created just eight years ago. MidCap, which already has more than $7 billion of assets, became an affiliate of Apollo in 2013, and AAME was just created last year and is now advising on $14 billion of portfolio companys balance sheet assets. In aggregate, these and other non-traditional asset management structures currently represent approximately $100 billion in aggregate or just over 50% of our total AUM, which is a significant increase from just eight years ago, when these types of vehicles amounted to only $3 billion or less than 10% of our total AUM at the time.  We believe these structures are great examples of how we can identify market opportunities and create innovative solutions to drive meaningful growth for Apollo. With respect to Athene in particular the company recently completed its initial public offering on the New York Stock Exchange and began trading on December 9. Everyone is very excited about the positive reception Athene received over the past couple of months.  The IPO marks another important milestone in the evolution of the company and as we have done from the very beginning when it was created eight years ago we plan to continue to do our part to help drive the business forward. While, Im proud to share these business highlights with you, it is important to acknowledge that these achievements and our path forward would not be possible without the dedicated efforts of our incredible global team.  With nearly 1000 strong and counting, we have been able to achieve remarkable feats. Since talent continues to be the lifeblood of what we do here at Apollo, we have developed a strong culture with a majority of our talent as homegrown. That said, at times we identify talent outside the company, which we believe can have a positive impact in helping to achieve our long-term goals. A recent example of this is the addition of Gary Parr as the Senior Managing Director, who joined us just last week and will work on a variety of strategic, financial, and capital markets related matters.  In addition, Gary will code share the firm's management operating committee, which comprises a deep bench of our most senior leaders who work to implement and execute the company's strategy alongside the founders. We are very excited to have Gary join our team and believe his long career in financial services to date, sound judgment, and extensive network of relationships will be valuable to the continued growth of Apollo.  With that, Id like to turn the call over to Josh for some additional comments.
Josh Harris: Thanks Leon. Id like to continue the call by providing some specific commentary around a few of our business drivers that produced the strong fourth quarter results and capped a year of solid performance overall. Starting with investment performance, the funds we manage generated positive results across all of our segments for the quarter was private equity up 5.9%, real estate up 5.3%, and credit up 2.1%.  In private equity, the healthy appreciation of 6% we saw across the portfolio was driven by 4% appreciation in private portfolio company holdings, and 13% appreciation in public company holdings. More specifically, Fund VIII continued to display positive momentum appreciating by 4% in the quarter. Energy-related private investments were a contributor to the quarters strong appreciation as evidenced by the solid performance in the stock rates of EP energy, as well as other portfolio company holdings which are private.  These companies had exposure to rising oil prices. In credits, the positive performance was broad-based. Apollo's credit drawdown funds generated a gross return of 3.1%, and our liquid performing funds delivered a gross return of 1.6% in the quarter. As a result of strong investment performance across our platform during the quarter and over the past year there has been significant growth in carry Carry-Generating assets.  Only 27 billion or one-third of our Carry eligible AUM was generating Carry at the end of 2015. At present, the pool of Carry-Generating asset has more than doubled to 56 billion, representing nearly two-thirds of our total Carry eligible assets. Looking at this another way, excluding dry powder $0.87 of every Carry eligible dollar in the ground today is generating carry.  As I mentioned last quarter, we believe this dynamics of Carry eligible assets moving into Carry-Generating territory and continuing to grow these assets as funds we managed to build value and as more capital gets invested sets the stage for the possibility of substantial realized Carry income that could be distributed to investors in the future. We believe the public markets have largely ignored the embedded value of this upside potential. And for the most part, it is not reflected in the current stock price of our company.  Turning to asset growth and fundraising, as Leon mentioned, we generated nearly 35 billion of inflows across the platform during the year, including 7 billion in the fourth quarter. Our credit business generated more than 5 billion of the quarter's inflows, including $2.6 billion first closing for our third European principle finance fund, a strategy which is primarily focused on buying portfolios of assets and businesses from financial institutions in Europe, fund raising is ongoing and as previously mentioned, we believe this vintage will meet or exceed the size of its predecessor fund, which reached $3.4 billion in total commitments.  There were 1 billion of inflows related to Apollo Asset Management Europe, AAME resulting from the on boarding of new assets from the balance sheet of existing portfolio companies. We raised more than 700 million across a variety of liquid performing credit strategies during the quarter, including total return, credit hedge funds in emerging markets debt. We also raised more than $650 million for a new strategic managed account relationship, and finally MidCap grew by more than $500 million during the quarter reflecting continued origination activities for their direct lending business.  Within private equity, during the quarter, we held a final close for our second natural resources fund bringing commitments for ANRP II to approximately 3.5 billion, making it 2.5 times the size of our first vintage. This is an example of the multiplier effects, a product can have when the prior vintage performs well.  In addition, we raised nearly $600 million of capital for equity co-investment partnerships to help finance the Rackspace private equity transaction. Before I turn the call over to Martin, I would like to highlight the strong level of Fee Related Earnings or FRE we generated in 2016. Fee Related Earnings or FRE is a close resemblance to what we formally refer to as management, business, distributable earnings. This quarter we decided to transition our disclosures to align with the FRE metrics, which is much more commonly used by our sector. We view Fee Related Earnings as an important indicator of a possibility to measure the more stable and predictable earnings streams of the business. The revenues we generate for FRE are primarily derived from management fees we earn from the long lived assets we manage and our funds and in our permanent capital vehicles. As we have noted, in the past, regardless of the volatility and our realized Carry income, we expect to distribute at least $1 per share per year in cash. This is supported by the stability and growth of our FRE. You can calculate from our disclosures that we generated nearly $1.30 of FRE per share in 2016. And that that was complemented by realized Carry income to result in a total distribution of $1.42 per share. The distribution equates to a year of approximately 7% on our share price today. Clearly, 2016 was not a strong year of realized Carry production. In fact, it represented the lowest amount of net realized Carry income for a calendar year since our IPO in 2011. That said, given our growing Carry receivable balance which Martin will highlight in a moment, we believe the potential for increasing realized carry income is on the horizon as we opportunistically harvest gains that have been created in the funds that we manage.  Going forward, you can expect us to continue to be very focused on growing FRE, as well as realizing carry dollars. FRE is a metric that has grown from less than $0.50 per share in 2011 to $1.30 in 2016, which represents nearly a threefold increase over the past five years. An additional catalyst to boost FRE is coming into view, most importantly, our next flagship private equity fund that Leon highlighted. We believe FRE is an important indicator of the operational performance of the business and provides insights into our base yield earnings profile. Now, Ill turn it over to Martin for some additional comments. Martin?
Martin Kelly: Thanks Josh and good morning again everyone. Turning to our results for the quarter, we generated $394 million or $0.98 per share of total ENI in the quarter, and $947 million or $2.36 per share for the full year. The performance for the quarter and the year was driven by the various types of income beyond, including fee related earnings, carried interests, and investment income. Starting with FRE, we earned $131 million for the fourth quarter and $530 million for the full year, up significantly from 2015, primarily due to the heighten transaction fees related to the strong capital deployment trend discussed earlier.  While fee related revenue grew by 15% year-over-year, expenses were well-managed with combined base compensation and total loan compensation expenses increasing by only 6%. Non-compensation expenses increased quarter- over- quarter due to the previously communicated distribution related placement fees in the amount of $19 million and we currently expect severance of $10 million more of these expenses in the first half of 2017 with more than half likely to fall in the second quarter.  Excluding these placement fees, which will be fully recouped with incremental management fees over time, non-compensation expenses were roughly flat sequentially. As we think about the outlook for FRE, we currently expect the robust capital deployment we saw in 2016 to normalize somewhat likely offering fewer opportunities for the strong transaction fees we saw last year.  However, the addition of a large flagship private equity fund will offer a sizable step function in FRE. To put some context around it, if we were to assume the next to fund is the same size and has the same terms as Fund VIII. We estimate the new fund would add approximately $0.20 to $0.25 per share of annualized FRE before counting for the impact of future realizations in predecessor funds.  In terms of performance fee and balance sheet related income, we owned $343 million of net carry an investment -related income during the quarter, and $662 million for the full year. The results for the quarter were driven by two primary factors. One, positive investment performance across businesses, which drove a rising Carry-Generating AUM in segments, and produced combined carry of approximately $300 million. And two, appreciation in the value of Athene, which produced combined investment and carry income of approximately $150 million.  In private equity carry income earned in the quarter was broad-based driven primarily by appreciation in Fund VIII and natural resources funds. In credit, carry income was also broad-based with all fund categories contributing. PE style drawdown fund credit strategies contributed to the greatest amount of carry in the quarter with strength coming from our European principal finance II fund, the energy opportunity debt fund, and the third structured credit recovery fund.  In real estate, carry income was driven by both of the U.S. equity funds, which helped the segment post its highest quarterly economic income results today. The most recent U.S. fund has a 17% net IRR, and is performing well to date.  Turning to Athene, the fair value increased by approximately 16% from evaluation at the end of the third quarter. The sequential increase in the evaluation was driven by the pricing of its initial public offering and the upward trading activity of its stock thereafter, partially offset by a liquidity discount we applied of approximately 10%. Liquidity discount relates to the fact that there is a lock up arrangement on our shares.  We expect this discount to gradually phase out by the end of 2018, concurrent with the expiration of the lockout. The increase in the fair value of Athene during the quarter resulted in $101 million on unrealized gain within other income, as well as $48 million of net carried interest income from AAA and related accounts driving an aggregate contribution to fourth quarter ENI of approximately $0.37 per share.  Taking a step back and looking more holistically at our balance sheet, at year-end we had $4.31 per share of value, which is up meaningfully from just a year ago when the balance sheet value was $2.88 per share. This growth was primarily driven by the strong appreciation in the value of Athene, as well as the significant increase in the value of our net carried interest receivable, which more than doubled from $0.87 per share at the end of 2015 to $1.77 per share at the end of 2016.  With regard to our cash distribution, the $0.45 we declared today for the fourth quarter was driven by two primary factors. First, the relative cash flow stability of our Fee Related Earnings and the upside it can create by leveraging the firms integrated platform as it relates to sourcing, financing, and executing sizable transactions. And second, realized net carry driven by the crystallization of a portion of AAA carry in conjunction with the Athene IPO.  Our payout ratio for the quarter was a bit lower than recent quarters because we retained realized gains from balance sheet investments and there was a contingent cash-based performance award related to a prior acquisition that was triggered in relation to strong carry income earned. For the full-year, our cash distribution of $1.42 per share represents a 91% payout ratio in line with our historical average. One last topic Id like to touch on is taxes. You may have noticed that our DE tax rate was very low in 2016 versus prior years. Part of the reason for this relates to stock amortization deductions that ended last year. We expected that 2017 DE tax rate will be in the high single to low double-digit range for 2017.  With that, well now turn the call back to the operator, and open the lineup for any of your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks its Craig Siegenthaler here. There has been a nice improvement in Carry-Generating AUM over the last year, I think we know that Fund VIII was a really large contributor, but it also looks like a number of credit funds have been driving some of that growth. So, can you walk us through which credit funds have crossed in that carry over the last year and also which funds may be close to crossing the carry in the next couple of quarters?
Martin Kelly: Sure Craig, its Martin. So we have, within credit we have about 82% of our carry funds that have money on the grounds, actually in carry. And there's about seven brand of assets that are not. The uplift has been pretty broad based. There are a variety of sort of hedge fund like funds that we have across the platform that all had a really positive year and we are in carry versus a year ago. We have managed accounts that in aggregate contributed to the uplift, and then our CLO business and drawdown funds for the most part had strong performance.  So in the earnings deck there is a page that shows the appreciation needed for the assets not in carry to get into carry, and so of the seven it is a decent - half of that has a decent way to go, I would expect that not to get into carry. We're focused on getting invested capital backed for those funds. And the other half is within sort of getting into carry.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you, Martin and then just a follow-up on AAME, this kind of had a big splash in the second quarter, but I am still wondering when do you think that business could start generating meaningful Fee-Generating AUM?
Leon Black: Well I would say that it is now said up, it is operating. The number is actually 14 billion between Delta, Lloyd, and some of our portfolio assets. I think that we would certainly were locating capital to really buy or control, between our private equity funds and then capital outside our private equity funds, and we would raise, we think there is a lot of opportunities to set-up structures where were, where we control, setup investor groups that control liabilities in Europe, you know whether they bank liabilities or they be insurance liabilities and that is a huge area and then obviously we will manage the assets at that point and Athene. I would say that we expect to make progress on this in 2017. This is here now.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Hi, thanks good morning guys.
Leon Black: Good morning.
Devin Ryan: So Leon provided some helpful color at the end of last year just around the levels that could, I guess, potentially compel a change in the corporate structure and so Im sure you guys have had some more time to think about this and discuss it internally, so I am just curious if there is anything that has changed in terms of what youre looking for out of the DC or around tax reform and if you feel any differently one way or the other as you, I'm sure you are thinking about this top of mind moving forward?
Leon Black: Sure. Im afraid that the answer is still going to be going to have to be from 50,000 feet. We need to know a lot more as to what tax reform is going to look like coming down the pike does it relates to carried interest, does it relates to interest deductibility, does it relates to expensing, capital expenses, capital expenditures, how much our corporate and personal rates coming down, those are kind of all the touch points that really need specificity in kind of creating the sausage here in terms of whether it makes sense to change corporate form and how so. So the devil is going to be in the details of knowing all those things and what gets passed. Look it is a brave new world for all of us. I think there is a lot that could be very opportunistic and exciting, and there will be some speed bumps that well also have to be cautious about.
Devin Ryan: Got it. Okay. I appreciate that and maybe just as a follow-up to similar comments you guys were just making on credit, how should we think about the realization trajectory in that business or I guess cash contribution potential just based on the types of funds that are in Carry-Generating today and then obviously youve been growing kind of the accrued carry in that part of the business as well, so I am trying to think about the forward trajectory of cash.
Josh Harris: Sure. I think, Id break it into a couple of buckets. There is within the Carry-Generating assets in credit is what we call the performing, liquid performing assets, including the credit hedge funds that I spoke to. Thats why I was not sort of predictable or more stable, and so thats throwing off about $50 million of net carry a year for the last three years or so. Above that, I guess in terms of more unpredictable are the drawdown funds, including EPS, structure credit, and the life settlements business. And like PE it is hard to pinpoint within a timeframe what the cash carry coming into that will be.  It depends on favorable assets marks, realization and meeting escrow triggers. And so, I think the only way to look at that is in the context of assets in the ground with an assumed return and carry structure and cash carry of the back of that. Lastly, we have about $10 billion of dry powder in credit, which is largely attached to carry structures and so with that - with the investment that will come both management fee income, as well as carry income. And that depends on the deployment scenario.
Devin Ryan: Okay. All right thank you very much.
Josh Harris: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Carrier with Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Mike Carrier: Thanks a lot. Maybe one just on the return outlook, I mean, I think when we look at the past two quarters private equity has done really well, theres obviously a lot of changes going on, on the policy side. I just wanted to get a sense, how are the portfolio companies been performing and maybe more importantly, you know in an environment where there is a lot of change out there, you know how do you think, your position, I mean it seems like a bit of pro-growth, it should be good, but obviously there is rising rates and other offsets there.
Martin Kelly: Yes, I think, first of all the portfolio EBITDA and revenues are all up year-to-year quarter-to-quarter portfolio is doing well. And obviously the portfolio, certainly the return environment in PE at large is very, very difficult. The average multiple, is where I mentioned the average multiple paid for transactions of about 500 million exceeded 10 times EBITDA, and debt actually has been coming down because of regulatory pressure on the banks. So, the average equity check is up and the average leverage levels are down. So, we can all do the math that returns are coming down in a relatively slow growth environment.  For us obviously, its different because we created our portfolio of 5.5 times EBITDA. So we are in at a huge arbitrage and discount to the average player. In terms of the environment, I would say that most of the things that are talking about policy-wise are pro growth. So, lower corporate taxes, lower individual taxes, infrastructure spending, all those are pro growth, and at the same time obviously, I think as rates - I think rates will go up clearly, but when rates are growing up in pro growth environment, as long as the federal reserve manages that well that will be positive.  That would be a net positive. They are two offsetting factors clearly, but that would be a net positive. So, and then there is, so thats sort of the base case. The base case is we sort of just go along and if you look at all the things that are on the table, you could see growth in the U.S. go from 2% to 3%. I mean it is pretty significant in terms of the fiscal stimulus. So thats the positive story. Look there is a lot of tail wraps.  Certainly, we all have to watch what happens in Washington and then what happens globally in the EC, and in China relative to some of the political events that are going out in the EC, Brexit, the size of the banks globally in both Europe and China, the average in the Chinese economy, and then there is a lot to really be watching for and from our point of view as Apollo thats an environment that we actually tend to shine in, and so I think if the pro growth environment works like I think certainly well be sending a lot of cash your way and if there is volatility, you know well certainly be creating more cash to send your way later as value steps back and creates opportunities for us. So that would be, thats our crystal ball.
Mike Carrier: All right, thats helpful. And then maybe just as a follow up, you know when I look at the net accrued it keeps ticking up at the performance, Martin I know we always think about the outlook for realization, and cash carry its always tough. They try to predict, but just trying to get a sense when we look at the portfolio, when it was invested maybe the seasonality of it, where the returns are? I don't know if the fund is tracking, like in line with historical trends, better than historical trends, in terms of you typically deploy, and then we see kind of the realization base, I don't know, any broad color there, I know it is tough to predict.
Josh Harris: Yes, I mean the Fund VIII which is going to be the largest driver of Carry, got gross returns in the mid-to-high 20s, which is widely above any sort of return expectation that is attributed to private equity or us. Turns out our gross returns historically are higher than that, certainly those where that was a different environment. They were in the mid-to-high 30s, but Fund VIII is only just over a year old on average, but we are seeing, I mean like I said when you , when everyone else is buying at 10, and you're buying at 5 there is value creation that occurs on the buy, and so certainly we are looking at, and that are things that we're looking hard at how we take some capital back and create some distributions. So, as Martin said, its unpredictable, but I expect that well make some progress this year.
Mike Carrier: Okay, thanks a lot.
Gary Stein: Thanks Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Hi, good morning everybody.
Gary Stein: Good morning.
Alex Blostein: Question around Athene, so a, maybe you guys can touch just on your broader thoughts on Athenes growth outlook given the changes we are seeing in the rates backdrop and obviously there is all this chatter around the DOL repeal discussion, so kind of updated thoughts on Athene growth since I guess the last update of the IPO thats the first question?
Leon Black: Yes, thanks for the question. Any how it is tough for us to comment broadly on Athenes growth, now that they are a public company I have to be certainly cautious. They have value-added us, when they are going to report earnings and clearly that will be a big topic of discussion on the call. That said, clearly they are very focused on growth. There was a big part of the story of their offering. They continue to focus on a number of different levels, whether its reinsurance flows, new product sales, and also they just did another funding agreement that which helps drive more assets for them.  So, I think there are a little different a lot of different things happening, clearly the news overnight about the DOL is interesting, I think we are all watching that carefully, you know it is unclear where that all lands, but that was obviously a headwind for them and for the industry, and so to the extent that either gets revised or revoked that certainly removes a headwind. So I think there is a lot of positive things that are sort of in motion's for Athene in terms of driving growth, and then there is always potential for strategic opportunities given the acquisition currency they now have through their stock, as well as the capital they have on their balance sheet?
Alex Blostein: Got you. And then my second question is kind of related to Athene as well, but I guess looking at roughly $300 million of gross that could carry in the AAA vehicle for you guys, can you just remind us again how we would think about that potentially being converted in the over time?
Martin Kelly: Sure. Its Martin. So there is lockups in place, a series of lockups actually out, our share is that we are direct in Athene locked up for 24 months and then AAA has a series of walk-ups that expire on three different dates, and our carry attaches to those on one days. So they will be, and I'm winding 2017 and another one in 2018. So that will - whether or not we actually take cash versus shares we will make a decision at the time, but thats a future choice.
Alex Blostein: Got it, but it is a 2017, 2018 potential addition kind of cash carry event for you guys?
Martin Kelly: One of three to come is 2017.
Alex Blostein: Yes got it.
Leon Black: Yes, just to reiterate thats separate and apart from the direct ownership stake we have in Athene at Apollo we own 15.1 million shares or Athene.
Alex Blostein: Yes, that's right this is a AAA vehicle, got it. Thank you.
Leon Black: Yes correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Katz with Citigroup.
Bill Katz: Okay, thank you very much for taking my question this morning. First, a big picture, I joined the call a little later, so I apologize if you did cover this, I think you recently added Gary Parr to leadership, just giving his background, sort of curious if you could comment, how you are thinking about M&A at strategic level, what properties or geographies or product sets might be might be of interest on sort of a go forward basis?
Josh Harris: Yes, obviously really excited to have Gary on-board and he adds a lot of capability in deep, deep relationships across the financial world and clearly we are constantly looking at how to grow our platform in a way that is accretive into our value in our long run growth and prospects. And so Gary will help with that. In terms of staying, we are just starting to talk specifically on what we are doing clearly, I mean as we said previously we are a little small in real estate.  Forget about those one, we are too small in real estate, we like to get bigger, and then from a credit point of view there are a whole bunch of different things where there are growth opportunities for us, and so those would be kind of the areas that we would be looking at. Right now, were kind of 75% to 85% North America, and then kind of 15% to 20% Europe, and only 3% rest of world, and we right now, we are kind of focused in our core markets, but in that just the value proposition, while we are global with value proposition continues to be, at least us that are here than we are seeing in the emerging markets, but we are also going to look there. We're kind of focused in our core geographies right now. So hope that gives you enough, thats about as much color as I can give you.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you. And then, I may have missed this, perhaps for Martin, within the - first of all, thank you for the unit disclosures. Within that, G&A and even comp looked a little bit light, the most recent run rates. Anything unusual in there? And, again, I apologize if you already covered this in your prepared commentary. 
Martin Kelly: G&A. Well G&A we managed carefully. So the volatile line within non-comp displacement fees, which we talked about I would look at the current G&A a number as sort of run rate levels.
Bill Katz: Okay, thank you very much.
Martin Kelly: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Glenn Schorr with Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: Hi. One quickie follow-up on the Athene side was, at the time of the float, I think people in the insurance committee were - I'm sorry, insurance community - were having questions about the exclusivity of the relationship with you all and the fee exactly. From an Apollo analyst or investor standpoint, we think it's an awesome thing and we think you add tremendous value. From their side, they didn't know if there were any conflicts there. So, curious about on the today forward of new assets raised and as they grow their business, is it okay for us to expect the same relationship at the same levels to continue? 
Josh Harris: Yes, you look, I think we together with Athene help start the business back 8 or 9 years ago, it has been a great relationship. I think Athene has grown I think to levels that probably weren't expected at the time the business was created. And I talked about, just a couple of minutes ago a lot of growth still in front of them. It has been a great partnership, I think us providing asset management services to them has helped them deliver really leading ROEs and so I think as long as we continue to perform we would expect the relationship to be very strategic and really positive for both us and Athene.
Leon Black: And in terms of the community, I mean, certainly the stock itself was very well received, the offering was below was subscribed and the centerpiece of Athene is its relationship with Apollo, so I really wouldn't expect it to change.
Josh Harris: Yes, we should add, we have a long-term contract in place that comes up for renewal at the end of 2018, October 2018, three-year rolling contract. We did make a slight concession towards the end of last year on a certain portion of their organic assets, where we gave a, I think rebate for just a small portion of their assets for the balance of 2016. So, again as being good partner was helping them have good profitable growth. We will do what we need to.
Glenn Schorr: Got you. Okay. I appreciate that. Also on, just curious for any update on the retail opportunity you guys are pursuing. It looks like the sub-advised fund through Waddell has been doing okay, just curious on an update there. That would be great.
Leon Black: Yes, I mean I would say there is, we continue to believe that the retail community has more demand for, there is way more growth there that they are under allocated relative to certainly more liquid alternatives yield, yield, yield in term of, certainly some of our debt products, some real estate products, and real estate debt, and some even going into real estate core equity. And so, we are seeing growth there in terms of what we do.  We are also seeing some of the high network systems from the wire houses embrace some of our more deeper alternative products such as our core private equity fund and EPF, those had big retail demand we're seeing growth there, and so I just think we're going to see continued positive growth and positive momentum and its an area that were investing in as a firm in terms of people.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. Thank you, very much.
Leon Black: And certainly the DOL thing of it, if it happens it would be a positive both for Athene and for that part of our business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. Leon highlighted energy as holding an usually good investment potential for Apollo. The theme of energy has sort of evolved over time. Three years ago, there was one theme, maybe a year ago, that the reasons to get involved in energy were different. So as we think about energy more broadly now, oil prices have kind of recovered smartly, some of the pressure has been taken off, what are the themes that you think you guys want to invest behind today as you think about the energy business for the next couple of years? 
Leon Black: So, I mean I think we have a very developed proprietary expertise in energy and what that amounts to is, you know teams all over North America of Scientists of land men, of engineers, or petroleum experts that can look at a field of reserves and kind of figure out what its worth and how to produce it more effectively than others and when you pair that with very seasoned private equity professionals and debt investors, we feel like we have a big edge in energy, and its been a really positive aspect of our franchise. If you think about what - and it does move around, I mean obviously the opportunities change.  I think relative to the opportunities today what were finding is the ability to buy reserves and acreage both producing and nonproducing. In the best fields in the US at significant discounts to fair value as measured by acreage value or cash flow value SEC PV10, and we are just seeing that, the problems that existed in the energy sector when oil went from 100 to 30 has put enough pressure on all the producers that people just don't have the capital to spend and in even the best fields. And so we are able to do the cherry pick and end up with the absolute best real estate in North America in the U.S. and Canada.  And controlled reserves that our economic had very low prices of oil and gas, well below the current curve, and so when you can get that type of reserve, what you find is, even around volatility and oil prices you have a lot of downside protection and you have real upside volatility, and so were creating these asymmetric risk return opportunities, particularly in private equity, which is the most active part of our energy investing business right now, where between hedging and the cost that we can bring reserves out of the ground.  We are sort of really comfortable that we're going to get a positive return on almost, under almost any energy scenario, but if the curve happens or above the curve we get 20%, 30%, 40% returns. And so this is an area that right now is relatively active and interesting and thats how its shifted today. There is also, there is a bit of distrust, but much more buying assets right now.
Ken Worthington : Great. Thank you for all the color there. And then, sort of a cleanup question, Fund VI and VII still well in escrow. Do you guys expect these funds to make their way back above that escrow threshold or is that just something that you guys believe is less realistic? 
Martin Kelly: I think in the case of VI it is unlikely we get above escrow. It is possible we get cash out, but not till the end of the fund. The escrow ratio there is in the low 80s and its about $160 million of cash carry that has been realized that sort of traps, and so the way the math and the formula works is, its unlikely I think. In the case of VII, I think its much more likely VIIs ratio is at a 103%, and it didn't increase as much as you may have thought, given that we sold an asset as part of the Hostess transaction, and so we took some cash here.  So, VII is at a 103% and has 16 million of cash sitting in escrow. It needs 13% appreciation to clear its escrow, which would itself create another 100 million of carry. So, thats certainly within the realm of possibility or if is not likely. But it needs close the gap on the values to clear 115. 
Ken Worthington : Okay great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next and next question comes from the line of Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: Thank you. Wondering if you guys could comment on how important you think tax deductibility of interest expense is to your returns and your business model in general, and I'm asking this question because there's quite a few investors that think the PE industry will be materially impacted if that gets changed. So, a, do you agree with that notion? And then, a, what's the impact on Apollo?
Leon Black: Hi, this is Leon. I would say a definite may be. And the reason I say that, you know if interest rates stay relatively low, it has a much less of an impact as interest rates go up, the impact goes up, but again referring to my previous answer, it also is tied into what the whole picture is going to look like, part of what Paul Ryans talking about in his tax bill is not only interested reducibility, but also being able to expand to all capital expenditures upfront, which could have a huge beneficial offset to the interest deductibility hit. So, the answer is we don't know. Certainly, on the face of it, if you're dealing on a higher rate environment and thats the only thing happening to you, it would have a negative impact on private equity whose other name is leverage buyout. But in the context of other offsetting things and the fact that interest rates historically are relatively low eight men are have much of an impact at all.  The other thing is who knows if it happens. As we talked before, so much of this is intertwined with how much our corporate rates supposed to be going down. What happens with border taxes to make it, the whole capital expenditure thing, interest deductibility is a whole area that I don't think from a qualitative point of view has really been studied yet. It is not only it is impacting the credit markets, its impact on the real estate sector, but basically on small businesses and new jobs growth, we are an entrepreneur, basically wants to take a loan out to expand the factory, that creates jobs. So, I think there is a long way before any of us are going to be able to predict the outcome here.
Josh Harris: And as a business model, I think that the public markets are leveraged three times, the private markets are leveraged five times, little over five times. So, on the margin certainly there are a little bit more leverage of the private markets. The private equity markets provide a lot of whether it be uninteresting things that are too cheap in the public market, whether it be solving management issues or helping companies grow, there are plenty of things for - there is going to be a lot for private equity to do with or without interest deductibility and so I think, they will be, if these are interest adaptability, order border tax or any other these stuff happens there will be a fair amount of dislocation industry by industry company by company and that will kind of create a lot of opportunity for people that are smart and nimble and opportunistic.
Leon Black: The last thing I would say is that Apollo and private equity really does have our differentiated model than our peers. We've already pointed out on this call, but on a 10 multiple environment, 10 plus that we are buying our portfolios at the 5 to 5.5. Well what does that mean, also as it relates to leverage and I think that we are leveraged less than our peers. If you are buying it 10 times, you are leveraging up to the cap of six times, if you are buying it five times or 5.5 times, it means you are on an average leverage to about four times. So, we are relying on less leverage on a model than most of our peers.
Chris Harris: Just a quick follow-up, if I may, on this point. Is it fair to assume that the returns you guys generate in PE, the vast majority of the upside is coming from really the price you pay for companies versus your exit multiple as opposed to things having to do with deductibility of interest expense and so on?
Leon Black: I think what we've learned in our 27 years at Apollo, almost 27 is that the good in private equity you have to be good in three things, one you have to buy right, two you have to build value, and three you have to sell right. All three are critically important. I think part of our differentiated model is that we focus an awful lot on the value orientation on the buy side. So there are a lot of things that go into buying a good company, barriers to entry, good management, growth statistics, margins all of those are important, what we have kind of felt is that the single most important is price paid. So, its part of our focus, but it is certainly not a replacement for building value or selling right also.
Martin Kelly: Just to hear your question directly, very little of our value creation comes from interest adaptability, almost its negligible. So, I mean a lot of it is buying rate and a bunch of its EBITDA growth and cash flow generation. I mean I havent kind of calculated the specific number, but its not going to be a big number.
Chris Harris: That's what I figured. Great. Thank you.
Martin Kelly: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell : Great, thanks. That's actually a great segue to my question. Just looking at your historical creation multiples in your prior funds, Fund V at 6.6%, Fund VI at 7.7%, Fund VII at 6.1%, and now you are at 5.5% and you are in a higher, obviously, multiple environment, so can you talk about, I guess, what's made you better at buying through these cycles? And as we think about Funds IX and you think about the opportunities in Fund IX, are you bullish on being able to mimic Fund VIII or even do better than Fund VIII on creation?
Josh Harris: Yes, I mean I would say that look we're just getting better at our craft, the team is getting more experienced. Were adding a lot of capability to allow us to source transactions in a much more proprietary way such as energy, would be an example or financial services in Europe. So I think all of those things, I think we are just getting to be more seasoned in better at craft, I think also weve added broker dealer that allows us to go outside the traditional financing market. So in the case of a number of transactions the largest, the most notable one being ADT.  We were able to get a deal done on a multi-billion dollar financing, by placing a preferred with a non-traditional source that other people couldn't do. And therefore, we got a really good price on, we think, we think we got a very good price on ADT, and then I would say that there is a whole sort of series of internal factors in terms of the development of our team. Externally, we are finding for the first time that the public markets have really, while the public markets multiple has been high that there has been a real differentiation between the haves and have-nots and in many cases were funding great companies at low prices.  We did, we did six public to privates in this fund and thats relative to a very small number in our history where even though you put a premium on a company like ADT or Rackspace or Diamond Resorts, or Outerwall we found that there is misevaluation in our opinion in the markets and I think a bunch of that has to do with, I think value strategies were out of favor in the marketplace, and certainly index funds were growing, activists investors in many times are now lurking around forcing undervalued companies to do something about it.  The hedge funds have a lot of wind in their face and so I think there is some external factors that are providing some opportunities hospitably in the public markets, but those are all the reasons why I think we are doing better. Id say in Fund IX. I think the big opportunity for us is that only 4% of Fund VIII was stressed, which is the lowest in our history and that really has to do with, I think the monitory environment that existed, the quantitative easing and liquidity that was in the markets, as well as the fact that we haven't had a recession in seven or plus years, and so when I look at Fund IX, which is going to be six years going forward, I feel like we will have some and in the ageing credit cycle we're going to have some distressed activity opportunities. Those tend to be traditionally at lower multiples, whether we will get below 5.5, I mean I think thats a tall order, I mean 5.5 is a really good number, but we're certainly going to try.
Leon Black : Just to add what Josh said, we really do have a differentiated model in PE and the reason we are able to pay lower valuations is kind of the fact that we follow kind of three pathways. One during recessions and when we've had four of those since we started 26.5 years ago, we dial to our distress capabilities a lot of people know that that pathway is one that allows you to back in to good buyouts through buying in the right part of the capital structure and delivering companies in the restructuring process and hopefully we end up owning them.  If we dont end up owning them, we make a lot of money on the debt and we recycle. What a lot of people don't realize is that the entry level of what weve been able to do in distress has been at about five multiple, historically. And thats about a third of our capital over history in private equity. Another third has been in complex deals, carve outs, build-ups. Things that take a year to get done, under managed companies, undercapitalized divisions of companies. The average on those has been about six multiple because of the complexities involved. Finally, we do idiosyncratic buyouts where we are competitive. We look at auctions in the nine industries that we cover really well. There were looking for an edge. What is an edge, ADT, the fact that we already owned two security alarm companies and that we could bring 200 million of synergies to the table was an edge, also the fact that we had the management, the best in the industry that came from ADT and they were well. And as Josh already pointed out, the ability to get things done through our capabilities in the credit markets allowed us to get it financed in the very difficult market a year ago.  So there we are willing to pay as much as seven times, when you add all of this up, it gets us into the high fives or low sixes. Its a good model and you ask about the progression historically, we had that model, but we made some exceptions in early of funds. I think we stumbled when we did Realogy and we did Caesar's because we paid very high prices for those, for what we thought were good reasons, we knew the industries well, they were the best brands, but you know since then weve said no exceptions.  You haven't seen anything like those multiples paid for anything in Fund VII, Fund VIII and nor will you in Fund IX. So the discipline is there. So, you don't know in each vintage, vintage VII was two thirds the stress as Josh pointed out, it was less than 5% in Fund VIII. So that is our differentiated model. Many roads to Rome, many of our competitors do well, but I think by paying lower prices and sticking to that we have more room for error than they do. So, its a very good model for us, and has worked very well for us and thats what we plan to continue with.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we have reached our allotted time for questions. It is now my pleasure to hand the program over to Gary Stein for any additional or closing remarks.
Gary Stein: Great. Thanks operator and thanks again everyone for joining us today. As I mentioned earlier, if you have any follow up questions please feel free to give Noah Gunn or me a call. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude todays conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joshua Harris - Co-Founder, Senior Managing Director Martin Kelly  CFO Gary Stein - Head, Corporate Communications
Analysts: Mike Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Devin Ryan - JMP Securities Ken Worthington - JPMorgan Robert Lee - KBW Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Chris Harris  Wells Fargo Chris Kotowski  Oppenheimer Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Kaimon Chung - Evercore ISI Michael Cyprys - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Apollo Global Managements 2016 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation, all callers will be placed in a listen-only mode. And following Management's prepared remarks, the conference will be opened for questions. This conference call is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications.
Gary Stein: Thanks, Operator. Welcome to our third quarter earnings call and thanks for joining us. Sitting around the table with me this morning are Joshua Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director; and Martin Kelly, our Chief Financial Officer. As a reminder, this call may include forward-looking statements and projections which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. Well be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, which management believes are relevant to assess the financial performance of the business. These non-GAAP measures are reconciled to GAAP figures in our third quarter 2016 earnings presentation, which is available on the Apollo website. Earlier this morning, for the third quarter, we reported GAAP net income of $0.50 per share. We also reported economic net income of $0.58 per share and distributable earnings to common and equivalent holders totaled $0.36 per share, $0.35 of which was declared for the quarter's distribution. If you have any questions about the information provided within the earnings presentation or on this call, please feel free to follow up with me or Noah Gunn.  With that Id like to turn the call over to Joshua.
Joshua Harris: Thanks Gary and good morning everyone. Id like to take this opportunity to walk through a few key drivers of our business that produced our strong third quarter results, reflecting positive investment performance, significant capital deployment and continued asset growth. Starting with investment performance, the funds we manage generated positive results, with credit up 3.9%, private equity up 2.6% and real estate up 1.4% respectively. In credit, the positive performance was broad-based. Our drawdown funds, which represent approximately 40% of our carry eligible credit assets, generated gross returns of 4.6%, bolstered by investments held in our European principal finance and financial credit investment businesses. In addition, our liquid and performing funds, which also represent about 40% of our carry eligible credit assets, delivered a 3.6% gross return. In private equity, the 2.6% appreciation we saw across the portfolio was driven by our funds private portfolio company holdings, which appreciated 4.5%, but were partially offset by declines in public portfolio company holdings. Fund VIII continued to display positive momentum, appreciating by 6% during the quarter and bringing gross and net IRRs to 27% and 13% respectively.  From inception, since Fund VIII is still in its deployment period, we would expect the IRR spread between gross and net to compress over time. As a result of strong investment performance in both private equity and credit during the quarter and over the past year theres been significant growth in carry generating assets. At this time last year, $20 billion or approximately one third of our carry eligible AUM was generating carry. Over the past year, the pool of assets has nearly doubled to $51 billion, representing almost two thirds of our total carry eligible assets. Looking at this another way, based on current marks, $0.84 of every carry eligible dollar in the ground today is generating carry. We believe this dynamic of carry eligible assets progressing to carry generating status is critical in understanding the earnings potential of our business. We continue to produce strong investment performance and our funds accrete in value. We will produce meaningfully higher amounts of carry income than we would have just 12 months ago.  Turning to capital deployment, the robust levels of activity we've seen so far this year continued in the third quarter. The funds we manage, together with core investment partnerships, deployed or committed more than $5 billion in aggregate investments across Apollos platform. Year to date, the funds we manage have deployed more than $12 billion, and we are currently on pace to deploy more capital in 2016 than any other year in our history. This has primarily been driven by our private equity business, as funding has maintained an above average investment pace, reflecting deal flow that has been in the works over the past couple of years.  We understand some of you may be wondering how our funds have successfully deployed this level of capital in a market where valuations remain elevated given our value-oriented approach. As one of the fundamental tenets of our investment style, I am pleased to note that we believe we have maintained our value warranted investment discipline through this period of heightened activity. The average creation multiple of Fund VIII remains less at than 6 times adjusted EBITDA, significantly below industry averages. We believe that we possess several competitive advantages at Apollo that have enabled us to accomplish this level of deal flow, which has included more than 10 transactions over the past 10 months.  First, we have a willingness to tackle complexity and create solutions to uncover value in situations that others may shy away from. Second, we have a proven ability to privately place debt in preferred securities to support the financing of our funds transactions. Our broker dealer and capital market capability play a valuable role, particularly when traditional sources of financing pull back, and it is highly complementary in environments such as the current one where financing markets are robust. So far in 2016, approximately 450 different institutions have bought more than $40 billion of debt issued by portfolio companies to help finance our funds recent private equity transactions, and approximately 70% of those institutions have participated in multiple transactions sponsored by Apollo funds this year.  Lastly, the size of Fund VIII, coupled with equity core invest interest from our strong relationships with leading investors, has allowed us to engage in larger transactions or investments that can be scaled up over time. This dynamic has allowed us to pursue opportunities which are not feasible for many other funds. We believe a combination of these competitive advantages were on display in each of the transactions which we closed in the third quarter, including Diamond Resorts, one of the largest timeshare operators, Outerwall, a provider of two recognizable consumer service brands, Redbox and Coinstar, AmQuip and Maxim Crane, two lifting services businesses that were combined to create a sizable market participants, and Constellis, a leading private security company. Other deals currently pending include Rackspace, and Apollo education. At the end of September, Fund VIII was 65% committed and we have a pipeline of other potential investment opportunities that remains strong.  I'd like to continue the call by providing some commentary around asset growth and fundraising. We generated more than 7 billion in inflows in the third quarter, which was partially offset by a reduction in leverage, primarily in connection with the closing of the ARI/AMTG transaction. The quarters inflows were driven by various products and businesses. Within credit, there was a $3.5 billion -- There were $3.5 billion of new assets related to Athene which grew assets under management to $72 billion during the quarter, up nearly 20% from a year ago. Athenes growing during the quarter resulted from retail origination activity, new flow business from reinsurance clients and favorable market appreciation.  We raised an additional $1.1 billion across a variety of liquid and performing credit strategies during the quarter. Two notable items included nearly 500 million for our total return strategy, and nearly 400 million for CLOs. As a reminder, total return is an unconstrained credit mandate designed to take advantage of sourcing and underwriting capabilities of the entire liquid end of Apollos credit business, and it is becoming an increasingly important strategic platform. Total return is approaching its three year track record and is seeing increased traction in consulting channels.  Within private equity, we raised $1 billion incrementally for our second natural resources fund, bringing total commitments for that fund to $3.4 billion, more than double the size of our first vintage. Fundraising will likely wrap up in the fourth quarter, with modest incremental commitments expected. In addition, we raised $250 million of capital in equity co-investment partnerships to help finance the Diamond Resort transaction.  Beyond the quarters activity, there are several other products in the market currently or likely to be in the market soon. In credit, there are two items worth noting. First, we are in the process of raising capital for our latest vintage of our financial credit investments fund series or FCI, a credit drawdown product which focuses on insurance linked securities. Weve raised $400 million to date and we're hopeful the fund will match the size of its predecessor, which raised $1.6 billion in total commitments. Next, we're also in the market with our third vintage in the European principal finance fund series, which is primarily focused on buying portfolios of assets and businesses from financial institutions in Europe. Its predecessor received $3.4 billion in total commitments and we are hopeful the third vintage will meet or exceed that size, with the first close expected to take place later this quarter.  In private equity, as Fund VIII continues to deploy capital at the pace I discussed earlier, we currently anticipate the fundraising process for our next flagship fund to launch in the fourth quarter. Fundraising for this product is expected to be completed in 2017. If we assume it will be similarly sized to the nearly $18.5 billion raised for Fund VIII, we would expect the addition of a product of that scale to add considerably to feed generating assets to our platform and be meaningfully accretive to our management business earnings in 2018 and beyond. We are extraordinarily proud of the work our team has done deploying Fund VIIIs investments, with a rigorous investment discipline that is yielding strong and early returns.  Now Ill turn it over to Martin for some additional comments. Martin?
Martin Kelly: Thanks Joshua and good morning again everyone. Starting with our economic earnings for the quarter, the $231 million or $0.58 per share of total E&I in the quarter was driven by strong performance in both our management and incentive businesses. In the management business, we earned $130 million of economic income, which was fueled by rising management fees, strong transaction and advisory fee revenues, and sequentially lower expenses. The sequential growth in management fees included approximately $14 million of one-time catch-up fees earned on new capital that was raised for natural resources during the quarter.  Non-compensation expenses decreased during the quarter due to the absence of one-time items from the second quarter that did not recur. Due to ongoing fundraising initiatives, particularly our third European principle finance fund that Joshua mentioned earlier, we currently expect to incur distribution related placement fees in the fourth quarter of approximately $20 million to $25 million. Importantly, we expect that these expenses will be more than offset by the growth in management fees resulting from EPF III within the first year of its multi-year life.  In the incentive business, we earned $152 million of economic income during the quarter, which was driven by three factors; positive investment performance in private equity, which produced $58 million of net carry, positive investment performance in credit which produced $64 million of net carry, and appreciation in the value of Athene. In private equity, carry income was driven by gains in Fund VIII, offsetting depreciation in Funds VI and Fund VII. Fund VIII further distanced itself from its preferred return threshold, earning $62 million of catch-up carry at an 80% rate as well as $64 million of carry at a normal 20% rate. As we mentioned last quarter, Fund VIII is in the position of being carry generating while still deploying a considerable amount of capital. For this reason, and given the dynamics of marching forward in time to keep pace with the preferred return hurdle, as well as uncertain future portfolio marks, its still possible the fund's net IRR could moderate to the catch-up carry territory over the coming quarters. Investment performance in our credit business at 3.9% drove strong carry income and led to an increase in carry generating AUM. The carry income was primarily generated from our opportunistic drawdown funds as well as our credits hedge funds. The sequential increase in the valuation of Athene was driven by the appreciation of publicly traded comparable companies in the life insurance sector. Recall that as Athene approaches its goal of becoming a public company, its quarterly valuation should trend in line with market movements in fee evaluations absent any other company specific drivers. Athenes fair value increased by approximately 3%, and this resulted in a $19 million unrealized gain within other income, as well as a modest amount of unrealized net carried interest income. Lastly, on the incentive business, there was a discretionary incentive pull compensation accrual in the quarter of $10 million within realized profit sharing expense. With regard to our cash distribution, the $0.35 per share we declared was driven by the relative cash flow stability of the management business, and the upside it can create by leveraging the firm's integrated platform as it relates to sourcing, financing, and executing sizable transactions. With that, well now turn the call back to the operator, and open up the lines for any of your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Michael Carrier of Bank of America. 
Mike Carrier: All right thanks guys. Maybe first one for Joshua. The level of deployment, you hit on some of the reasons that you guys have been able to deploy the capital. It still seems a little unusual just given where the market is and where valuations are. So just wanted to get some understanding. It seems like some of the deals are combinations of different firms in the same industry, and so maybe you get more synergies and that's how you can get to pretty attractive valuations, but I just wanted to get some insight on where you're seeing those opportunities, and the level of confidence I guess in still generating returns because clearly the returns in the fund are performing well. So just wanted to get some insight on how those portfolio companies are doing relative to expectation. 
Joshua Harris: Yes. So I would say that in Fund VIII we are seeing year over year appreciation in EBITDA in the low to mid-single digits, and so we are seeing those companies perform well. In terms of value creation though, at the end of the day, and I don't disagree that the equity markets are fully priced, but we are -- and the private equity market is significantly priced. The average transaction TEV to adjusted EBITDA trailing in the private equity markets was over 10, approaching 11 times EBITDA, and we're sitting here buying stuff at 6 times EBITDA or below. And so the reality is that we are finding this stuff and the value creation is real. That's literally the spread they were creating our portfolio at. In terms of how that's occurring, we're seeing -- traditionally about a quarter of our business is so-called corporate curve outs, where we have bilateral negotiations with companies. And so you're in exclusive dialogues there. Thats always helpful in terms of creating a discounted purchase price. Certainly as you mentioned, we're doing what we call build-ups, where we put a number of companies together, and you do get synergies, I will say though that when you look at generally the multiple buy-down on those transactions, maybe it's a multiple point or so, plus or minus. I'm giving you a general statement. Each transaction is different, but it's certainly not the 5 multiple point discount that were actually creating our portfolio at. So there's clearly something else going on.  And then thematically, the large scale of our capital allows us to do -- we're in pretty rare air in terms the people that can put transactions together of this size. And so again that helps in terms of having the leverage to negotiate good purchase prices, but overall the public markets we think are very bifurcated. If you're a growing tech company that is knocking the cover off the bar and appreciating your earnings consistently right in line with expectations, you're getting a very high multiple, but a lot of times the market doesn't really want to take the time to understand complicated stories, or companies that maybe missed their earnings, or the market perceives to be underperforming end up trading at very, very low multiples, and we just take a different view of value.  The best example of that truthfully is ADT. ADT was a very large public company that we put a significant premium on relative to the market, but we still believe that buying that franchise at under 6 times was a very good deal for us and our investors and that company is performing quite well. So we literally just took a different view, and we thought we were buying a great business and the market wasnt valuing it appropriately. So were seeing for the first time in, at least in my memory, deal after deal after deal, and we mentioned a bunch of these on the call are public to private. Usually when we see a public, we always say wow, were putting a premium on this public company. Let's make sure we know what we're doing, but honestly as I look at the prices that the public markets are affording us, I think it's creating a lot of opportunity for us. Sorry for the longwinded answer, but there was a lot there that I thought was worth going through.
Mike Carrier: Yes, that's helpful and then hey Martin. You gave a little bit of color on expenses, and some of the things that drove FRE in the quarter and the outlook. Just two things on that. In the second quarter, what were those items on expenses or not what were they, but just what was the level of that, that kind of created the sequential decline? And then probably more importantly, as we think about 17, and as some of the fees start to kick on on some of these funds, just where should we be thinking about maybe the FRE margin or how much expense growth to expect as those fees kick on?
Martin Kelly: Sure Mike. So just answering the first part first. There were a handful of one-off items in Q2 that none of them were individually significant. Some of them were sort of deal cost professional fees and so on. Part of it was a slight increase to the SEC settlement and that was sort of clearly one-off. In Q3, it's low. I would sort of look through both of them as you look forward, and sort of run rate to the historical average on non-comp expenses, ex-placement fees. And then as we look forward, away from placement fees, we have a pretty tight lid on non-comp expenses, so we manage that carefully. I'd expect that to be sort of similar to current levels. I think the only two funds in the lineup that we would expect to take place from fee cost on our EPF III, which we spoke to, and then ultimately fund line, but the timing of that, and that closes, we'll figure it out. Itll be potentially sometime next year, but it's hard to isolate a quarter.
Mike Carrier: Okay, thanks a lot. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Devin Ryan of JMP Securities. 
Devin Ryan: Good morning everyone. Maybe starting on mid-cap. Obviously you guys have spoken highly about the opportunity there. Im not sure if you can just give a little bit of an update around how that business is progressing, how you're feeling about that kind of trending towards that $20 billion plus opportunity over time, and anything new that you're doing on that front. 
Joshua Harris: Yes, so mid-cap is going quite well. We have a very strong team there. We added about $1 billion of AUM, and grew that from 5.5 to 6.5 year to date. I would expect it to continue to grow organically at that kind of rate, hopefully a little faster, but at that kind of rate. And then -- and so you can do the math to get. To the $20 billion, we would need another deal or two like Mubadala which -- Mubadala GE which we did last year where we added 3 plus billion of assets. And so there are those types of deals out there. Certainly the traditional providers of this type of financing, this direct origination to the middle market are still [seeding] if you will and we and others are continuing to grow our platform. And so still continues to be a good part of the market for our investors where we see better risk returns, because we're buying senior debt generally, that is financing relatively low multiple and getting paid decent rates relative to the public market. So our investors continue to have appetite as well. 
Devin Ryan: Okay, helpful update there. Thank you. And maybe a different topic here, just thinking about opportunities in the retail brokerage space with just all the changes occurring right now, particularly with new regulation coming in the Department of Labor fiduciary rule. I'm just curious whether that there might be opportunities to figure out a way to get exposure to or maybe even owned distribution more cheaply or whether or not you can add new products, or add to new sub-advisory relationships, just how kind of some of the developments there might present opportunities, and if you're looking at any because of those developments. 
Joshua Harris: Yes. Clearly again the backdrop is that certainly retail investors are looking for yield like everyone else. And so increasingly the alternative space for retail investors is attractive, particularly in things like real estate or bank debt, and certainly that is that -- and certainly our total return product that we spoke of which kicks out a 5% to 6% yield if you will in relatively safe stuff. That's the perfect example of an opportunity that in that sense is a retail based opportunity and there's also, we've also been growing some of our permanent capital vehicles that we -- where the public companies hold the assets and then we manage the assets on behalf of the public companies.  That would be an example whether itd be, ARI would be probably the best example of where we're growing into both retail and institutional, but retail is a big part of it, and then increasingly we're seeing family offices and high net worth individuals and some of the programs interested in those types of alternatives. And even some of our more high alpha alternatives such as our private equity fund or our EPF. EPF is likely to have quite a significant high net worth tranche as part of its closing. So we are definitely growing that business, and today it represents 10% to 15% of our business, and we continue to make investments in terms of people that need to either cover the systems themselves in the banks or non-bank platforms on a wholesale basis. And so certainly that is something we're focused on and investing in. Some of the regulatory changes definitely create volatility and a little bit of headwind, but overall here's still a big tailwind for our products. It overwhelms that little bit of headwind that you're talking about with the DOL and some of the other changes.
Devin Ryan: Right, and I guess just from the distribution perspective, it doesnt make sense to think about maybe buying wholesale cheaper, or actually buying the end distribution and buying a brokerage in some form of fashion just to kind of have more access throughout the food chain. 
Joshua Harris: It can and obviously last year we publicly announced that we were considering an investment in ARC, which we ultimately didn't include because there were -- for other reasons, but the bottom line is, yes. And then there are other platforms like that that we continue to look at and study. Opportunistically, at the right price, if we can find that, certainly we would rather buy an existing platform depending on price versus build. Whenever we hire and invest, we always do a buy build analysis. And by the way, there are opportunities like that, none quite the size of ARC, but on a smaller basis that we're actually considering right now. 
Devin Ryan: Got it. Very helpful and congratulations on the run. Nice quarter as well. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. 
Ken Worthington: Good morning. Maybe Joshua. Wanted to talk a little bit about the Caesars workout, and really about what it means for the value of your ownership. I think there's two public share classes that you owned. And then it was any of the impact of the workout reflected in the 3Q marks or has it really been -- will it really be reflected in 4Q?
Martin Kelly: Hey Ken. Its Martin. Ill cover it. We have assigned some share. Its subject to confirmation and that will take some time. We owned as you said two classes of shares. Within our September numbers, we reflected a relinquishment of the shares in the entertainment company. So were marking down to zero. Thats included within the Fund VI marks. And then we continue to own the shares in the acquisition company launch at a public price. 
Ken Worthington: Okay, great. Perfect. And then, I apologize if this was asked. I didn't quite catch it, but in terms of costs, the cost in credit came down quite a bit, particularly in comp $10 million, and then other system was down a little bit too. Why were the comp costs much slower? Again, I apologize if that was asked previously.
Martin Kelly: Sure. So I guess, if you look at comp on a year-on-year basis, comp is up a couple percent. Headcount is up a couple percent. So it's sort of in line. The tick down reflects where we are now relative to year end comp decisions, both in terms of sort of the quantum and the mix of how comp will be delivered to people. And so, as you look forward into Q4, I would expect comp to be sort of at or around, maybe slightly up from these levels. Theres obviously moving parts. Were not done with the process. So that's the high level piece.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Lee of KBW.
Robert Lee: Thanks for taking my questions. I guess first question I have is, just some question on the real estate business. I mean obviously the last couple of quarters has been a little bit better contributor to results, but I guess my sense is that generally that's been maybe somewhat of a disappointment to what your aspirations were several years ago. So you maybe just update us on where you're thinking about within your real estate franchise? How you're thinking about the opportunities to accelerate growth.
Joshua Harris: I think that there are two components to our real estate business. One is debt and one is equity. The debt business continues to grow nicely. What's happened is that the equity business is comprised of an organic opportunity fund that we raised thats relatively small size for us, plus some co-invest under $1 billion there. And then the run off of the Citibank way back there we acquired, I think it was a $4 billion or $5 billion of assets from Citigroup, and so those are running off now. And so when you see the real estate business, you're kind of not -- you're seeing all those pieces kind of in the mix. And therefore the overall business looks a little flatter than maybe the underlying growth in the debt business.  The other thing is, we did -- we are in the middle of raising an Asian real estate private equity fund, which would be our first entrance into that region from a real estate point of view, or first organic entry. The city portfolio did have some Asian real estate. The net-net of it is it's growing a little faster than it would have appear in the overall AUM. Having said all that, it's not really -- it's not significant enough. It's too small and what we're going -- and in order to grow it organically, it'll continue to be a relatively slow growth. And therefore we are pretty -- as we said in the past, we are like actively looking at where there might be some acquisition opportunities in the real estate business that would make it more significant to our company, and so that's the way that I would describe it. 
Robert Lee: Okay, thanks. And then maybe Martin, can you just kind of update us on where we are, the escrow and funds, I guess VI and VII? 
Martin Kelly: Sure. So across our -- well I guess VIs escrow ratio dipped a bit further this quarter. It's now mid to high 70s. And so it has a decent amount of appreciation to get back into a cash carrying mode. VII, given some specific markdowns on a handful of investments, including some privates, the escrow ratio also dropped to about 100%. So that's sort of teetering on the edge of callback, but not technically there right now. 
Joshua Harris: Just if you want the specifics, page 14, the first quick note has the actual escrow amounts, but right in line with what Martin said.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse. 
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Can you provide an update on AAME? It sounded like they might be raising some fee earning AUM pretty soon in the last call.
Joshua Harris: Yeah. Id say that we continue to make progress on AAME and what we've done is obviously put together, build out the investment team and just to restate a little bit what we said on the call last time. Between all of our portfolio companies and certain other financial investments, investments in financial institutions in Europe, we're managing quite a bit of assets, approximately $15 billion of assets. And so each of these entities and there were multiple entities had their own teams, and what we thought would make sense would be to create an overall team that had significantly more breadth and understanding of the markets as well as understanding our particular expertise and to increase returns in AAME in the European entities and that was going to benefit both organic investors as well as our portfolio companies. And so we built -- we're building out that team. It doesn't happen overnight. Weve made a number of hires and invested in that team. Relative to kind of new investments and net income, so far like that has -- its not material to our results. And so I would think about this right now as operating as a cost, plus we do get reimbursed for the cost. But eventually we do hope to add assets into -- but right now that's still a work in process. 
Craig Siegenthaler: And then just as my follow up, as of the last quarter, I think Athene was marked at 1.2 times book. I'm just wondering if you can update us on where it was valued as of 9/30. 
Martin Kelly: Sure, it's Martin. So we marked up from 36.40 to 37.50 that considered public comps and company specific factors. And the mark is still at 1.2 times book X SCI.
Craig Siegenthaler: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank. 
Brian Bedell: Good morning guys. Martin, can you just walk through the -- just remind us again of the fee rate dynamics between Fund VIII and Fund IX, assuming that timeline is true in terms of the fundraising for a IX? At what time do you step down in the fee rate on Fund VIII and when Fund IX kicks into full gear, and what the rates on those would be?
Martin Kelly: Sure. So Brian, so Fund VIII today averages around, on a fully funded basis about 1.1%, on committed. When Fund IX turns its fees on, it will then step down to 75 basis points on then invested. So that won't be quite the full amount of the $18 billion because we always hold back a bit at the end for follow-on investments. So we wont turn Fund IX on until Fund VIII is fully invested. So that's the unknown for us. We can raise the money and have it closed, but not turn the fees on until they go off on VIII. But they should happen simultaneously. 
Joshua Harris: Right. And I mean just to give some context around it. We've invested 65% of that fund in a little over three years, right? So if we traditionally hold back 10% to 15%, you can do that math and that's not necessarily -- historical results are not necessarily predictive of how we do in the future, but it gives you a sense of like the run rate and you can do the math. 
Brian Bedell: Right. So say 90% invested, you would consider that fully invested and youd be making 
Joshua Harris: Yes. Right. So if you think about a year or so, that would be kind of the math. And so kind of like when we said in the press release affecting 2018. That's sort of the backup to that statement. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Harris of Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: Looking at your carry generating AUM, a pretty big spike up in credit. I was a little surprised at this though because I think in your last presentation, the appreciation required to achieve carry was like 19%. So can you help me square that? I know obviously you guys didnt generate 19% return in credit in the quarter. Is that like an average number? Is that whats going on?
Martin Kelly: Chris, I think the number you're quoting is for a certain number of funds that are more than two years old. So like the headline is, it's a very strong quarter from a carry generating perspective. And within credit, of the $40 billion of money that's in the ground invested eligible for carry, we now have $32 billion, up from $26 billion. And up from sort of the mid-teens a year or so ago. Most of that increase has come in the liquid performing parts of the credit business. And so then I guess to your question you then say, whats left, whats the other $8 billion which is in the earnings release and we stratify it by the appreciation that's needed to get that into carry. About $2 billion of that is within 150 bps of getting into carry. And then there's -- the remainder has a large gap to get into carry. I think the number you're referencing is that last piece of it.
Chris Harris: Yeah, okay. Just it looked like that last piece was about $14 billion in Q2 and that's moved to $8 billion roughly. 
Joshua Harris: Yeah. So that's the sum total and I think what Martin is saying is you need to sort of break it out into the two buckets. Theres a drawdown bucket which does need an equal amount of appreciation to get into carry. That right now is sitting at around $4 billion of assets, but there is this other bucket of liquid performing and a fair bit of that is what moves into carry this quarter. It didn't need nearly as much appreciation to get there, but overall you're right, theres 19%, but that's a blend of the drawdown and the liquid performing so you need to split them out.
Chris Harris: Got you. I see. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Kotowski of Oppenheimer.
Chris Kotowski: Good morning. There were about $500 million of realizations in Fund VIII, but we didn't see anything when we ran our geologic poll. I wonder if you can give some color on that. And then secondly, is that money still recyclable or are you beyond that?
Martin Kelly: Yes. We're not sure where that Fund VIII realization figure is coming from. There weren't any realizations out of Fund VIII during the quarter.
Chris Kotowski: Oh because -- well I'm looking at page 27 and the realized value says $806 million and the comparable disclosure at June 30 said 302. 
Martin Kelly: I think its kind of that --- do you want me to do that one?
Joshua Harris: Yeah, so we did it, I believe that it was this quarter we did a dividend recapitalization of Saint-Gobain's, a glass company we own in Europe, and I believe that's what it is, but I think it would be -- I mean the reason you're not seeing it on geologic is likely that the other part of it is likely to be selling debt securities where we kind of -- there's realization on the profit and we recycle the principal on that. So it's probably, my guess -- again, well come back to you, but it's going to be the combination of those things. It will be recaps and debt securities in the marketplace that wouldnt necessarily show up on geologic.
Chris Kotowski: And can you recycle that?
Joshua Harris: Okay, so you can recycle -- within 18 months of the -- if you sell something within 18 months of the initial investment, you can recycle the principle, but generally you would get a realization on the profit, so it would be dependent on that.
Martin Kelly: Joshua, we can dig in and circle back to you on that. 
Chris Kotowski: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Good morning everybody. Wanted to follow up on just the outlook for realizations broadly. Youre obviously deploying very actively, but at the same time it sounds like you continue to think the market's probably pretty fairly valued, so it should be pretty a decent time to sell. So I guess taking a step back, outlook on realizations and also more importantly which products do you guys anticipate to be the bigger contributors to your cash incentives fees as we progress over the next 12 to 18 months?
Joshua Harris: I would say that it is a good realization environment, and we're -- our gross returns in Fund VIII are quite good. And so the reality is we are going to be looking to realize as these investments mature. Having said that, the average investment in Fund VIII which is the bulk of the private equity portfolio increasingly is only a year. And so these investments are likely to need to season a bit longer. And so that's the balance that you have. In funds VI and VII, and predecessor funds, there are a series of investments that are more mature, that are on the table from a realization point of view.  So that's where we are, which I think means that realizations -- and then credit is, we do think that this is a very good -- we are generating cash incentive out of credit. It's smaller than the large private equity fund. So I think what all that means is that while it's a good realization environment, our realizations are likely to come over time, because most of our portfolio on the credit side it will be on a more consistent basis. And you can look at the latest quarter or two and just sort of go from there, but in T we're going to need a little more seasoning for the most part.
Alex Blostein: Got it, and then just a quick follow up around fund IX. I heard you guys on management fee and the rates there, but any change in structure with respect to transaction fees, monitoring fees and things like that I want to make sure we didnt miss that.
Joshua Harris: We're still working -- we haven't really disclosed what we're going to do on terms and we're still working through that, but I wouldn't expect it to be a negative. 
Alex Blostein: Got it. Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Glenn Schorr of Evercore ISI.
Kaimon Chung: This is Kaimon Chung in for Glenn Schorr. You mentioned last years ARC deal and I think I heard you say you're currently looking at some similar deals. Now, can you just expand upon that? Are you looking at stuff similar as that with the same appetite for those complexities? And I just want to get your updated views on the non-traded REIT space feels crowded though. One of your biggest peers entered that space recently.
Joshua Harris: We can't really talk about specific unannounced deals. Having said that I'll give you broad -- I'll tell you, that was a wildly complex deal, so wildly. And so it would be very atypical to be looking at something that complicated, so rest easy. And then on the non-traded REIT space, we're always looking at lots of different things, and I can't really -- we can't really orient in a public way around specific things that we're looking at unfortunately for obvious reasons.
Kaimon Chung: Okay, and just one quick follow up, if I may just on energy investing. Youve been cautious to deploy capital given the dry powder out there, though it seems like some of your competitors are increasingly more active there. Can you just give me updated views on where you potential opportunity where you're avoiding?
Joshua Harris: In terms of private equity or?
Kaimon Chung: Equity investing, yes. Equity and the debt side too.
Joshua Harris: I spent a lot of time early in the call going through how we're sourcing at very low multiples relative -- the private equity business in general is very fully valued. It's actually the highest -- I said that the multiples are approaching 11 times. That's the highest ever. Leverage actually interestingly even though it's available, given the pull back of the banks its falling. It's fallen from the high fives into the low fives as a multiple of EBITDA. And so the private -- you can do the math, right? Like higher price maturing cycle, lower leverage yields, lower returns, but for us we're performing quite well against that.  In terms of energy deployment, I'd say that there are opportunities. The pressure in oil prices has created an opportunity in energy. Certainly that's what drove our second natural resource fund. We expect a lot of that to be North American energy. And so we're deploying that nicely. And so we do see that as being a very interesting sector, because we think that the fundamentals for higher prices in the energy markets are going to be there over the timeframe that we invest, and we can hedge and were seeing value-based investment opportunities flow our away, because there's a lot of people that just need to sell, because they're leveraged and dealing with the drop in energy prices that occurred over the last few years. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Just curious on Fund VIII. You mentioned you had some monetization events in the fund this quarter, but didn't seem like you took any cash carry per se on that. Just curious what your approach is for taking cash carried out of Fund VIII. 
Martin Kelly: So we need to be above 115% on escrow to take out any cash carry. Were now at 115% using the September 30 marks, but getting cash out is dependent on holding that, and sort of taking into account what you're selling. So if you sell a high deal, that hurts the ratio. So it will come. It's probably going to take a bit more time though.
Michael Cyprys: And then just a follow up on energy. Fund VIII, do we know how much is that underneath in that fund?
Joshua Harris: Yeah, it's between 15% and 20%. 
Michael Cyprys: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Joshua Harris: That would be my actually -- if you include all natural gas, and oil, and everything.
Michael Cyprys: Got it, okay. And just one last one on the tax rate, how we should be thinking about that for the fourth quarter and into next year. It seems like it was a little bit higher in this quarter.
Joshua Harris: Sure. So the tax rate for the quarter is sort of in the range of what we talk about, our tax rate. It was off a bit this quarter given the mix of income coming out of the incentive business, and that itself was driven by energy, which can tend to be taxable income and credit. Credits carry was up as you saw from the numbers. Within that the portion of taxable credit income was also up. So it's sort of a mix issue within the incentive business between taxable and non-taxable and that sort of -- that increase the rate by a bit. Its hard to predict where it's going to be going forward. We have pretty good clarity on the management company. The incentive company is based on marks and the mix of those marks, between taxable and non-taxable. So the only way to sort of predict that is over a much longer time horizon. 
Martin Kelly: Just there just before we conclude the call, I just want to clarify back to you, Chris Kotowskis question earlier about the $500 million change in realizations during the quarter is primarily from Verallia as Joshua said. We also had a little bit from Ventia, which is the former Leighton corporate curve out in Australia, and a little bit from debt Security.
Joshua Harris: The recaps in Ventia and Verallia and then selling debt securities as discussed.
Operator: Thank you. Than concludes the Q&A potion of todays call. I will now return the floor to Gary Stein for closing remarks.
A - Gary Stein: Great. Thanks very much operator, and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. As I said earlier, if you have any questions, please feel free to circle back to me or Noah Gunn, and we'll look forward to talking to you again next quarter. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does concludes todays call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary M. Stein - Head, Corporate Communications Leon Black - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Joshua Harris - Co-Founder, Senior Managing Director Martin Kelly - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Devin Ryan - JMP Securities Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Mike Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ken Worthington - JP Morgan Glenn Schorr - Evercore ISI Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, and Woods Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Chris Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Company Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Research Nick Stelzner - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Apollo Global Management 2016 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation, all callers will be placed in a listen-only mode. And following Management's prepared remarks, the conference will be open for questions. This conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications.
Gary M. Stein: Great, thanks operator and welcome everyone. Joining me today from Apollo are Leon Black, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director; and Martin Kelly, Chief Financial Officer. I would like to remind you that today's conference call may include forward-looking statements and projections which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. We will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, which management believes are relevant to assess the financial performance of the business and are reconciled to GAAP figures in our second quarter earnings presentation. Earlier this morning, we reported GAAP net income of $0.91 per-share for the second quarter ended June 30, 2016. Economic net income totaled $0.98 per share during the quarter and distributable earnings to common and equivalent holders totaled $0.40 per share, $0.37 of which was declared for the quarter's distribution and will be payable to shareholders later this month.  If you have any questions about any information provided within the earnings presentation or on this call please feel free to follow up with me or Noah Gunn. With that I would like to turn the call over to Leon Black, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Apollo Global Management. 
Leon Black: Thanks Gary and good morning everyone. I am pleased that we have a chance to speak with all of you today. This call provides us with an opportunity to highlight what we have been able to achieve at Apollo through the first half of 2016 punctuated by our strong second quarter results which delivered meaningful asset growth, significant capital deployments, and our most profitable quarter in nearly three years fueled by solid performance across all our businesses.  During this call, I will first provide some high level commentary regarding Apollo's investment activities and then Josh will provide you with details regarding our asset growth and investment performance. Martin will conclude our prepared remarks with some brief comments regarding Apollo's financials before we take your questions.  Since founding Apollo 26 years ago, we have gone through four economic cycles and we have demonstrated time and again that some of the best investments our funds have ever made have been when markets appear to be at their worst or most volatile. It is during these periods of dislocation when others are often sidelined that we can leverage our integrated platform, deep industry knowledge, and capital markets expertise coupled with the long-dated nature of our funds capital to make attractive investments that we believe will deliver meaningful returns to our investors.  We tend to thrive during these periods of volatility and uncertainty and during the second quarter which transpired against the highly unpredictable market backdrop we were extremely active on the investment front and we also generated strong financial results. During the quarter the funds we managed together with new co-investment partnerships deployed or committed more than $7.5 billion in aggregate investments across Apollo's platform. The vast majority of this activity was driven by our private equity business as Fund VIII has been experiencing a heightened investment pace.  While I am pleased to note this quarter marks a record for private equity deployment at Apollo, I am even more pleased that we have continued to maintain our value oriented discipline despite the robust pace of activity which is one of the fundamental tenets of our investment style. I would like to point out that a number of the deals we have recently announced are completed have been in the works for many months or even years in certain cases and that it is somewhat of a coincidence that all of these deals have gotten to the finish lines at around the same time.  At a point when equity market values are at or near all time highs and private equity deal valuations remain elevated at more than 10x enterprise value to EBITDA the average creation multiple of Fund VIII remains at approximately 6x adjusted EBITDA, more than four turns below the industry average. At the end of June Fund VIII was 56% committed and if we account for the Outerwall transaction that was announced recently, the fund was approximately 60% committed.  We are gratified the Fund has been able to acquire a number of high quality companies particularly when considering the discipline we have maintained in an otherwise robust valuation environment. Moreover the construction of our Fund VIII portfolio including the low average creation multiple and what we believe to be prudent investment selection has helped the Fund to move into a carry earnings position at a rather early stage, given that the companies have been in the portfolio for about one year on average.  We believe we have several competitive advantages at Apollo that have enabled us to source and complete -- or announce a number of deals over the last few quarters. We have a willingness to tackle complexity and create solutions to uncover value. We have a proven ability to privately place debt and preferred securities to support the financing of our funds transactions and the size of Fund VIII coupled with strong limited partner relations has allowed us to step up for larger transactions or investments that can be scaled over time.  To provide a bit of color on Apollo's latest private equity activity I would like to mention a few of our recently completed and announced transactions. The most notable completed transaction during the second quarter was the opportunistic buyout of ADT which highlighted our ability to embrace complexity, utilize creative financing, and execute a large transaction.  In a very Apollo-esque deal, the funds we manage were able to combine ADT, the leading alarm services company, with Protection 1, an existing Fund VIII portfolio company, resulting in the largest sponsor backed transaction so far this year and with an aggregate enterprise value of approximately $15 billion. Through our broker dealer affiliate we were able to provide a creative financing solution despite a very difficult backdrop earlier in the year. This included accessing sizable non-traditional sources of debt and preferred equity capital.  Other transactions completed during the second quarter included the opportunistic buyout of the Fresh Market, a high-end specialty grocery retailer, NKBM one of Slovenia's leading financial institutions, and follow-on investments in a couple of existing portfolio companies. In addition to these completed transactions, several new investments were announced during the second quarter with an aggregate equity commitment of $1.8 billion. The largest announced transaction was the buyout of Diamond Resorts International which manages a leading network of more than 420 vacation destinations across six continents.  In addition during the quarter, funds managed by Apollo announced the simultaneous acquisitions of two listing services businesses, AmQuip and Maxim Crane. This transaction just closed last week and it serves as a great example of our willingness to embrace complexity, given the challenges of acquiring two different businesses from two sellers at the same time. Beyond these deals we have a very robust pipeline of potential new investment opportunities that could continue to propel the commitment level of Fund VIII forward in the near to medium term. Before I turn the call over to Josh, I just would like to emphasize how well positioned I believe the Apollo platform is today. I have already discussed our private equity business and I would also like to highlight our credit platform. As one of the world's leading alternative investment managers we are poised to benefit from a number of secular tailwinds including the deleveraging of the banks and reregulation of financial institutions, coupled with persistently low rates that are forcing institutional and retail investors alike to scour the globe for yield. All of these fundamental drivers play to our strength at Apollo and over the last decade we have created what we believe is the largest and most diverse alternative credit platform in the world with $134 billion of assets under management which is up more than $20 billion since this time last year.  Given the breadth and depth of our credit business we are able to offer investors a variety of investment solutions across asset classes and the risk reward spectrum ranging from yield oriented solutions with mid single-digit returns all the way up to opportunistic solutions that can offer mid to high teen types of returns. Most importantly we have built an extraordinary team at Apollo with an extremely deep bench of talent throughout the firm. With that I would like to now turn the call over to Josh. 
Joshua Harris: Thanks Leon. During my remarks I would like to touch on two important topics, growth and investment performance. First, with respect to asset growth and fundraising, during the second quarter we generated inflows of more than $16 billion which included $8 billion of inflows from a diverse set of investment solutions and mandates across all of our business segment and $8 billion of inflows associated with Apollo Asset Management Europe or AAME which Martin will explain in a moment.  Within private equity we generated 2.5 billion of inflows from equity co-investment capital to help finance the ADT transaction. And we also raised an additional 200 million for our second natural resources fund during the second quarter. Just last week we closed on an additional 500 million bringing total commitments for ANRP II, the natural resource fund to 2.7 billion. And fundraising remain underway. This is roughly 50% greater than our last Fund at this point.  Within credit we had inflows of 4.6 billion during the quarter excluding the aforementioned AAME assets and notable drivers included $2.3 billion of incremental new assets related to Athene, grew its total assets to 68 billion during the quarter, up from nearly 66 billion as of March. This growth resulted from new flow of business, from new insurance clients, as well as the successful launch of new retail products.  Our credit influence also included additional 800 million from mid-cap, our middle market direct origination platform bringing total assets under management to nearly 7 billion there. Based on its current capital base, mid-cap now has the capacity to grow its assets to approximately 10 billion and it originates new middle market loans.  New add on managed account commitments totaled 400 million during the quarter and our pipeline remained strong as we are in active dialogues with additional mandates. As of June we managed more the $18 billion of AUM for dedicated strategic managed accounts. We raised an additional 200 million for our total return strategy during the quarter. To date we have been awarded mandates selling more than 1 billion for this strategy and now our additional investor allocations in the pipeline.  Total return is designed to take advantage of the sourcing and underwriting capabilities of the entire liquid end of Apollo's credit business and it is becoming an increasingly important strategic platform. In total return we believe we have been able to create superior and differentiated product in the marketplace that when compared to traditional fixed income investment targets greater returns and lower duration in exchange for modestly less liquidity. Since its inception, total return has significantly outperformed traditional high-yield and bank run mandates and has also provided our clients with downside protection during periods of market volatility.  Lastly as we noted last quarter, we convinced the fundraising process for the third vintage in our financial credit investments fund series, a credit drawdown product which focuses on insurance linked securities. I am happy to note that we held a first closing of approximately 400 million during the second quarter.  Now turning briefly to our investment performance, the funds we managed delivered solid results across each of our businesses during the quarter. With private equity up 3.1%, credit up 3.7%, and real-estate up 2.2%. The 3.1% appreciation in the private equity funds we managed was driven by strong performance among our funds private portfolio company holdings, covered debt positions, as well as energy investments.  In a few minutes Martin will provide some additional details regarding our private equity funds but I would like to call your attention to Fund VIII's performance in the quarter. Fund VIII is our 18.4 billion 2013 vintage fund that was actively deploying capital and are already performing well as we have noted. In fact even though Fund VIII has been investing for about three years and its current investments only have an average holding period of approximately one year, the fund appreciated by approximately 8% and crossed its 8% preferred return hurdle during the second quarter enabling the fund to accrue carry for the first time. This is a significant milestone for our 2013 vintage fund, particularly given the earnings power it represents overtime.  In credit the investment performance of the funds we manage was also quite strong during the quarter up 3.7% on a gross basis and up 3.3% on a net basis excluding the non sub advised assets of Athene. As we look at some of the core strategies within our credit business, our drawdown points generated gross returns of 6.4% during the quarter bolstered by investments held in our European principle finance business as well as a rebound within the energy sector. Our liquid performing funds which represent approximately a third of our credit assets also performed well and delivered a 3% return during the quarter. With that I will turn it over to Martin for some comments on our financial results. 
Martin Kelly: Thanks Joshua and good morning again everyone. Starting with our economic earnings for the quarter, the $395 million or $0.98 per share, a total ENI in the quarter was driven by strong performance in our management business and even stronger performance in our incentive business. In the management business we earned $127 million of economic income, up from $82 million in the prior quarter. The increase was driven by rising management business revenues, principally resulting from fees earned in connection with sizable co-invest activity. The increase in management business revenue offset higher management business expenses which rose sequentially primarily due to an increase in non-compensation related expenses.  In the incentive business we earned $322 million of economic income representing a significant rebound from an economic loss in the prior quarter. The sequential increase was driven by two primary factors; first, the positive fund performance across businesses Josh mentioned drove strong carried interest income across several funds which included funding across its preferred returns threshold and earning 80/20 catch up carry.  Approximately $87 million or nearly 45% of the quarter's total net carried income was generated by Fund VIII. At the end of June, Fund VIII had the potential to earn approximately $30 million more in net catch up before turning to the conventional 20% carried accrual. Fund VIII is in the somewhat unique position of being carry generating while still deploying a considerable amount of its capital. For this reason and given the dynamics of marching forward in times to keep pace with the preferred return hurdle as well as uncertain future portfolio remarks it is possible that the fund's net IRR could fluctuate within or added catch up carry territory over the coming quarters.  The other primary driver of incentive business economic income during the quarter was the increase in the valuation of the claim. This valuation was driven by significant business growth in Athene's reinsurance and retail channels and continued progress towards its initial public offering. In addition any connection with the process of preparing for Athene's IPO, Athene received a feedback from a range of sources which supported our view of an increasing value relating to recent developments at Athene.  Upon adjusting for these recent developments, Athene's fair value increased by approximately 20%. This resulted in a $101 million unrealized gain within other income as well as $60 million of unrealized net carried interest income from AAA and related accounts, driving an aggregate contribution to second quarter ENI of approximately $0.40 per share.  Across the $17 billion of private equity fund capital that we currently have in the ground, only 2.5 billion or 15% of our invested capital is in public equity securities. And so over the value of these public equity securities declined this quarter, the performance of these holdings is not necessarily representative of the broader performance of our private equity funds.  As Josh touched on earlier, investment performance in our credit business was also strong during the quarter which in turn drove a significant amount of carry and led to an increase in carry generating AUM. The carry income was primarily generated from an opportunistic drawdown funds as well as our credit hedge funds.  Lastly on the incentive business, there is a discretionary incentive pool compensation accrual in the quarter of $13 million within the realized profit sharing expense which drove an elevated profit share ratio in the quarter. As a reminder the funds takes the long-term view with respect to the discretionary components of incentive compensation and we monitored our roll out level relative to the firms incentive based earnings over an extended period of time. With regards to our cash distribution, with $0.37 we declared today was driven by the relative cash flow stability of the management business and the upside it can create by leveraging the firms integrated platform as it relates to sourcing, financing, and executing sizable transactions.  Earlier on the call Josh described some of our inflows during the quarter. Included within that figure is approximately $8 billion of assets related to what we refer to as Apollo Asset Management Europe or AAME. We have been building out AAME over the past year as a centralized investment and risk management capability for regulated balance sheets in Europe including certain of the insurance and banking platforms already owned by the funds we manage.  For the time being AAME is primarily operating as a utility, providing services on either our cost or low-margin basis. Now the profitability of this venture is currently limited, we believe this will be more accretive overtime given the opportunities we see across Europe to acquire other regulated balance sheets and the value we believe can be created through more efficient management. With that we will now turn the call back to the operator and open the lines for any of your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. 
Devin Ryan: Hey, great, thanks. Good morning everyone. Maybe starting on AAME as you just touched on, just trying to think about your plan to market that strategy, it seems pretty differentiated and maybe if you can, I know it's early days and there's not a big contribution, but can you just help us think about the potential market for that business, or just the market share that you could take from these insurance companies? 
Joshua Harris: Yeah, I mean, I will take a crack at it, it is Josh. It is a huge market. I mean you are talking about the kind of all the existing insurance company liabilities and for that matter non-insurance company liabilities, bank liabilities in Europe. So it is trillions of dollars. So the market share is really small. I mean it is infinitesimal. But it is not really a market share issue.  In terms of how we are going to market it, I would say that we continue to sort of study that and think about it. And there are certainly multiple ways we could go, certainly if you look at the theme model, the mid cap model, the permanent capital model, that might be a way that we would orient or we might raise LP capital directly. But we are continuing to work that out. But so far there is a lot of opportunities. The opportunity comes from - there is zero cost liabilities in Europe and so if you know how to manage the assets you can make - thats a, its a great time to try and cumulate those liabilities. 
Devin Ryan: Okay, great, that is helpful. And then just on Fund VIII, great to see it moving the carry generating. If you can give any detail just around were there specific investments that have been driving the performance that you have had, kind of like a couple of nice quarters, and is the fundamentals improving within those businesses that's driving the marks, or are the marks being kind of pulled up by something going on, on the public comparable side? 
Martin Kelly: So, it is Martin. It is a general seasoning of money that is in the ground across the investments that we have made. Across PE more broadly than just Fund VIII we benefited from energy markups during the quarter and that had an effect on Fund VIII as well. But the contribution of energy as it relates to Fund VIII was less pronounced than it was more broadly across the PE portfolio. 
Devin Ryan: Okay, got it. Okay, I will hop back in the queue. 
Leon Black: Yeah, I can hit the business, the underlying business of the companies in the portfolio is sort of trending to what we had planned. Both revenues and EBIT are both up sort of single-digit, low single-digit on an LTM basis, 12 months over 12 months. But it is still early days. The companies - each company has its own situation, each is being managed according to its own plan. It is hard to sort of benchmark marks against the broad index but we feel good about the construction of the portfolio. 
Devin Ryan: Okay, great. Thanks for that color and congrats on a really strong quarter. 
Leon Black: Thanks. 
Joshua Harris: Yeah, just to give you EBITDA for the non-energy stuff quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year so is up about 5% across our private equity fund. That gives you the kind of sense of why, kind of on an aggregate we are realizing -- starting to realize the value. 
Devin Ryan: Makes sense, thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse. 
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks guys. Good morning. 
Leon Black: Good morning. 
Craig Siegenthaler: So, it was nice to see the 6 billion of capital deployed in the quarter and we saw some fairly sizable transactions with ADT and Fresh Market but Apollo is one of the few key shops we are actually seeing a high level of capital deployment and some of your peers are complaining about high public equity prices and slowing global economy, so how do you guys respond to this contra trend and really that weve seen the increase in your pace of investments here in PE?
Leon Black: Well, this is Leon, I think we respond through actions and performance. The proof has been in the pudding but basically we have put a lot of capital to work and we also have a robust pipeline today of deals that we like. There is no assurance that [indiscernible] be executed but right now we are going at a very nice pace. We hope that will continue. What we are most pleased that is the fact that we are doing in an Apollo-esque way.  We understand that some of our peers feel it is a high priced environment. We have always felt it was a high priced environment and that is how we have always operated by dealing with complexity, by dealing with distress, by dealing going down roads others dont and that is why not only have we put a lot of capital to work but we put it to work at four multiples lower than what the average of our peers are doing. So, basically I think our value oriented mantra has worked for us and continues to work. And our whole team and culture here has been attuned to doing deals that are outside of what our peers are doing and what the rest of the market is doing.  Just to remind you all, we probably do over our 26 year period about a third of our transactions have been in distress during volatile times. The entry there has been at a five multiple. We do a lot more complex carve outs than anybody else. Our entry there is at about a six multiple and then the nine industries that we cover in depth here with our 360 professional investors across the Apollo platform will all help each other. We are willing to go a little higher, maybe to 7.5 but that is why at the end of the day we have been able to find things and keep to our culture investing at much lower multiples than what our peers are doing. 
Craig Siegenthaler: Got it. Thank you, Leon. And just as my follow-up, so we finally had some clarity in the second quarter on the Department of Labor rule, I am sure you guys probably are disappointed on the one point but the rule ended up including index annuities and I know there are several suites out there and insurers are involved but if the rule is implemented as is in April 2017, how should we think about the impact to Athene which I believe is one of the largest underwriters of index annuities in the U.S.?
Leon Black: Yeah, you are right. In terms of your comments with respect to their presence in the annuities space, generally speaking it is tough for us to comment on Athene's business given the fact that they have got to us [indiscernible] filing, they are in a quiet period. I would note that they did hold an investor update call back in June and in that call they presented a slide talking about the DOL. And you can find that on the AAA website. The one point I would make is that they did show a pie chart there that indicated that only 34% of their new flows in the first quarter of 2016 were subject to the DOL. So I think their exposure there is coming down over time. 
Martin Kelly: I actually like to add to my long-winded list of the last answer because I reflected on the question. I think the other things we have going for us frankly is we have a very large fund with the backing of great supporters which allows us to do larger deals like ADT. It is also great to have all those LPs and supporters, it is not only are we able to commit a lot of capital but we are able to offer co-invest to our LP constituency. Finally just going to our integrated platform, I think we are able to be creative on financing when times are tough in the credit markets. So, those are part of the secret sauce as to why I think we have been able to generate a lot of deal flow and why we have a robust pipeline now. 
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Carrier with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Mike Carrier: Thanks guys. Martin, first just on the fee related earnings, I guess just the outlook like when I think about the transaction -- level of transaction fees, it seems like, from like a deployment co-investment the outlook is still pretty active. I know it's something that's tough to forecast. And then also just given you guys' comments on Fund VIII at 60%, so when we think about going into 2017, any potential time on how we should be thinking about fundraising heading into next year?
Martin Kelly: Sure, I will take the first question Mike and I will hand it over to Josh for the second. Yeah, I think on the fee related earnings comment, we have gone through a period of time we had relatively low deployment and not much to invest to moving across deployment environment. And we earned return fees in a couple of different ways when we take in co-invest capital and we do financings that are created when we place the debt.  So, in the case of ADT, we earned a transaction fee and we also earned a debt replacement fee. I think it is certainly reasonable to expect that we can expect to enroll that fees. But it is depended on a) getting deals done, b) them being large enough to sort of warrant the use of co-invest capital. So, I think there should be more but it is difficult to predict on a quarter-by-quarter basis. 
Joshua Harris: And on the Fund, I mean, as we noted the Fund was approximately 56% committed at the end of the second quarter and factoring recent deal activity was 60% committed to this presuming those deals closed. We have been funds to invest for about three years so, it is about 20% a year. Typically private equity funds begin the fundraising process for success of Funds when they grow up to 70% threshold. But obviously it is difficult to predict exactly when that will be. 
Mike Carrier: Okay, that is helpful and then just as a follow-up, I guess just on Athene you gain in the quarter, I just wanted to -- and I know you mentioned a couple of things that were more maybe specific to Athene but, when you think about the kind of the DOL aspect, you guys mentioned growth and I think when we look at the comp in a group we didnt see much of a move, so just wanted to flesh out or understand how we would be thinking about maybe what happened in the quarter but probably more importantly just going forward?
Martin Kelly: So, I guess the events in the quarter, are the new managements teams in place are doing well. The organic growth in the business across each of the channels is stronger than planned. And the readiness for the IPO is progressing nicely but sort of with the registration choices and in terms of internal readiness. And so, our view is and the view is that a premium to the comp set that we have identified is warranted and that is being supported by advice that we have had from financial advisors. So, when you sort of translate them into numbers it gets us back to 1.2 times multiple on the book and around 15% premium to the comp set. And coming to that with the 1.2 times multiple is where capital was raised too easily. 
Mike Carrier: Okay, thanks a lot. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with JP Morgan. 
Ken Worthington : Hi, good morning. First on AAME, I know you have given some description, could you further flush that out, I am still a little uncertain about what AAME is and then maybe in those comments, can you talk about maybe providing a service for a fee or how does it make money, I assume it is not carry fund or maybe it is carry fund, anyway that is sort of number one? Thanks. 
Joshua Harris: Yes, so it is an entity that gave we set up. So we have various insurance companies and banks that are in and around our platform and various funds. And it is an entity that we have set up -- so each of -- when one of the ways we add value to those companies is rather than each of them having their own specific team and certainly it makes sense for them to -- for us to consolidate all of those teams and come over to meet better team that is integrated and centralized. And in doing that both save costs but at the same time allow for and in our opinion better and more thoughtful investment performance versus each smaller entity having a specific team. So, AAME if you will created a the opportunity to manage certain assets of our European investments where it is logical and makes sense. And at the same time so that capability gross benefits our investors but at the same allows us to make more thoughtful acquisitions of other assets as well as possibly our managed incremental capital outside our investor pools. And so that is AAME in a nutshell. 
Ken Worthington : Okay, so then
Martin Kelly: And I guess I would say at the outset the thought was that AAME would mostly be servicing our existing portfolio companies and that is why we are seeing repeated cost or at a very low margin. But the hope over time is that we would also engage in incremental activity that could create value on new investments that may or may not be portfolio investments. And on those there could be meaningful fee increments to the entity. 
Ken Worthington : Awesome, what does that mean to the other end, so that was trying to go towards new, you got that perfectly, thank you. And then on -- I dont know if you can answer this but like on Athene, you mentioned that the assets were up a bunch. There was new business -- material business growth, you mentioned some new products. Could you flush that out again and I know the they are in registration period so it may not be possible but try anyway?
Leon Black: It is tough for us to do Ken as you pointed out given the quiet period and also importantly Athene hasnt reported their own Q2 results yet. So, I think it certainly do that stuff for us to comment. You can start to look at their Q1 results relative to last year and you will see strong growth at the end of the reinsurance flows and you will see strong growth in new sales driven by new products that they released earlier this year. 
Ken Worthington : In retail?
Joshua Harris: Yes, if you are jogging on your morning line in front of Bloomberg, you will see a fair amount of the advertising for Athene in their approach to retail which is new for us, which is working so far. 
Ken Worthington : Excellent, okay, thank you. And then maybe just lastly on mid cap raised more capital, based on the business environmental conditions how quickly can they deploy what you raised, I think you said 800 million if I heard correctly, is that an amount of capital given the leverage that can last a year, or two year, or six months, how long until they possibly could work through that capital?
Martin Kelly: So, I will just try to get down on the first six months of the year. They originate wires and then syndicate down a portion to i.e. what they call a halt level. That has been about $2 million on year-to-date basis and then the run off on the book has been about the plan. So the writing of it, just sort of adding it two times to one off. And if you annualize it that is about 2 billion net growth per year. 
Ken Worthington : Okay, great, that helps. Thank you very much. 
Leon Black: Yeah, I think we said that at 7 billion of AUM and we said in the prepared comments that they could go to approximately 10 billion based on current market conditions and so that would be two more years empty years of growth. 
Ken Worthington : Okay, awesome. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glenn Shorr with Evercore ISI. 
Glenn Shorr: Hi, thanks. Just curious, I wanted to flush out your comments on related to the 80 million or so gain -- unrealized gain in credit. I think you mentioned European principle finance, rebound in energy, and liquid performing funds but curious what asset classes maybe underneath, and I am trying to get out how much of it is rebound on energy prices, how much of it is just you brought well and credits improved in the quarter that would be helpful, thanks?
Joshua Harris: Yeah, I think energy is the deminimus component of that plan. If most of it in dollars, about half of those were coming out of EPS which itself is driven largely by European real estate positions. And then a portion came out of our structured credit funds, SCRF III which actually came into carry this quarter and created some nice Carry. And the rest was sort of sprinkled across through liquid performing parts of the business including the credit fund and all those sort of related credit hedge funds. 
Glenn Shorr: Excellent that is good. And then just a follow-up in your capital deployment comments, within credit you mentioned NPLs and longevity assets, just curious if you can give a little more color on each where they are coming from, the types of assets, is it bank balance sheet downsizing and what kind of expected returns there?
Joshua Harris: Yeah, it is kind of across like, kind of around our platforms. I think it is pretty hard. I would like to answer that question the way you have framed it. I mean it is coming across non-performing loans, it is coming across incremental buys in our performing credit business which is yield. As I think you are aware, the second quarter experienced bunch of volatility. And it is coming across our sort of opportunistic businesses. So, it is sort of -- if you just look at our platform it is pretty broad. 
Glenn Shorr: Okay, and you mentioned just the volatility in the quarter provided some great opportunities that you are always ready to jump on, should we keep our expectations at bay borrowing another crazy event in the quarter, would you consider this an exceptional capital deployment environment in the second quarter?
Martin Kelly: I wouldnt say it is exceptional. I think that it was strong and we still have a robust pipeline. I think it is real difficult. The problem is it is sort of difficult to predict the ebb and the flow of the investment business. I mean certainly where there is volatility it is helpful. When there is pullback it is helpful. But you know there is not pull back I think we have demonstrated the ability to continue to deploy. Like as Glenn said, in private equity we are 60% invested after three years and what is possibly one of the most aggressively priced environment that I remember I think in my 26 years in the business. And yet our platforms are able to continue to churn out deal flows.  Certainly when there is a pull back and the financing market shut that helps but we are just doing it quarter-after-quarter and then in credit certainly it helps when there is a volatility between our structured credit business and a yield business in Total Return. The long-term trends are of the deleveraging of the bags with financial sector. We have positioned ourselves to be in products in which we dont need volatility to the forray. But it was a great -- it was a good quarter but I wouldnt say it is an exceptional quarter. I think it is just we are just continuing to chug away. 
Glenn Shorr: Okay, I appreciate that thanks. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW. 
Robert Lee: Hey, thanks good morning everyone. Just kind of curious on maybe looking at fundraising a bit, I mean I am interested in maybe trying to get updated on some of the drawdown in PE strategies, you are fundraising for obviously you mentioned FCIIV, you mentioned ANRP is ongoing. I mean if I look at them, those are quite EPS is pretty much fully invested in EPF2, I am not sure if you are raising another credit opportunity front because I know 3 had some performance issues but that is pretty much invested. So, can you maybe update us on some of the fund raising initiatives and draw down in PE land?
Martin Kelly: Sure, It is Martin, I will start and I will hand it over to Josh. In PE, I am happy to second the natural resources fund and special situations which we -- which is small but we think potentially important at the time for us. And we touched on that last quarter. In credit it is the third generation of some of our sort of what we call flagship funds, SCIIII and which is underway with the first quarters EPFIII is in fundraising. Now, has not had first quarter zing [ph]. We will likely get one done by year-end but unlike for Q3 [ph]. And then it is sort of -- always sort of what you would expect across the platform. So, it is on CLOs continued managed accounts. 
Joshua Harris: Yeah, I mean as that sort of -- I think it might identify the turf flagship and brought out of -- and then you got certainly some of the products that are perpetually open. In the hedge fund it has been performing incredibly well. And we are -- we are starting to see some notwithstanding some of the negative pass towards hedge fund products. Our performance is really setting us apart. We are starting to see some traction there. I would say that the total returns fund where we can add a bunch of returns to BB, BBB cross over type product. And for the duration for a small amount of incremental lock up, quarterly lock up versus the daily lock up for most mutual funds that is also trying to resonate with investors and the performance has been quite good there. And so what we are trying to set up a series of products that allow -- in our yield business starts -- overall yield business where we are just constantly taking in money and growing in our CLO business as well. We are trying to set up a series of products that allow us to not just be depending on the next big drawdown of fund even though there was certainly a drawdown funds. Our flagship funds are quite unique in terms of how they perform and they are big pops if you will. They propel our growth forward but we are trying to have a series of these other lags to allow us to just continually grow assets and I think we are getting some traction there. 
Martin Kelly: Obviously we would be remiss just underscore Fund IX in PE is looming somewhat on the horizon although at 60% committed and would certainly present you can go out and raise it. But we can't predict with any exactitude when that will be, but somewhere. 
Joshua Harris: And I think the last thing I would say, the managed account business also continues to chug along. So, as I think we mentioned in the comments, we are at about 18 billion there, and those comments 400 million are chunks, 200 million are chunks, 700 million there are chunks. And so, again they are a little lumpy but they continue to land those. And we have a nice pipeline there as I mentioned in my remarks. 
Robert Lee: Great, and I did have a follow-up going back to AAME. I guess there's been a lot of questions on the call today, but I guess it strikes me that's pretty similar to what you do for Athene here in the States, the services, maybe the types of services you're providing. And you do charge -- you know, Athene does pay whatever the number is in basis points as opposed to making it kind of more utility-like, at least at this point, in Europe. I mean is that more because of just the nature of the companies you're servicing being portfolio companies versus something that you helped start up with Athene?
Martin Kelly: I think you hit it exactly, so it is really starting out with existing portfolio companies. But overtime it should more to hopefully more like in Athene structure. 
Robert Lee: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. 
Alex Blostein: Hey, guys good morning. A question, maybe it's a little early, but as we think about the realizations from Fund VIII just given the improved performance and the pretty quick pace of deployment, at what point in time do you guys think you could start to begin to exit some of the positions and I guess crystallizing and monetizing the carry?
Leon Black: Yeah, it is unpredictable and certainly the investments are year-on on average. Having said that we will -- we are always looking -- if the markets continue to be robust and if they continue to mature, you are certainly going to start to see some of that. But it is really hard to be specific there. 
Alex Blostein: Would it be reasonable to assume, if you do start to see faster realizations and the fund is still in an investment period, you guys were just over-deployed as opposed to kind of return it?
Leon Black: Well, the way the funds work is you can't really make that decision in that lag. There is an 18 month recycle provision which sort of more than allows kind of you recycle the capital. If you realize investment within the context of 18 months then you do -- that is when you would realize carrying profit. So, certainly when you sell an investment again, you realize you are carrying profits that get distributed, that gets realized. So, having said that certainly if it is within 18 months or if it is after 18 months it is permanently sold. And it is goes out of the capital base and that is the way it works. 
Alex Blostein: Got you, and then just a quick numbers question around FRE. I'm not sure if I missed it but obviously a very elevated level of kind of transaction advisory fees and expenses a little bit elevated as well. If we were to exclude that activity, and understanding it could repeat itself but probably a little bit more than usual, so what's kind of a run rate FRE that you guys stand at heading into the third quarter?
Martin Kelly: So, I would just take the transaction. If you simply want to backup transaction fees just backup the difference between Q2
Alex Blostein: Got it, okay. But the expense run rate is kind of it is what it is, there's nothing unusual there?
Joshua Harris: Comp quarter-on-quarter was flat and I would expect that will and obviously subject to your en-composition settle that will be in the area where it is now for the rest of the year. We have not -- we have not many hiring decisions this year. Our headcount is up very modestly and so while we had a bit of stuck up on comp from last year into this year, I think the run rate from here is pretty predictable. And then on non-comp we had a couple of not individually significant that sort of cumulative with increased run rate going into Q2 and so that should step down a bit again next quarter. But all of this sort of underpins our expectations that they dollar shift in the management business. 
Martin Kelly: Well I mean there is, it is certainly transaction fees are unpredictable but they happen, right. And the reality is we paid them out. When we are talking about $1 share we are excluding the ongoing transaction fees, that's all. And so you have upside from those which you are seeing in this quarter. You also have upside certainly from the incentive income which is largely not included, which is largely not included in the dollar share. So, I think all those things are upside but because of the focus on quarterly performance we dont include them, but having said that I think overtime they certainly have what we would expect them to be. 
Alex Blostein: Awesome, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski with Oppenheimer and Company. 
Chris Kotowski: Yeah, I wonder, can you give us the breakdown on ADT, how much came from Fund VIII and how much came from co-invest? And then are your economics on the co-invest primarily the transaction fees, or do you have carry rights retained there too?
Leon Black: So we dont have carry on that capital. And then the transaction fee, we charge a placement fee on the debt and that was 30% or so. So, that and the rest was the transaction fee charged on the value of the acquired business, a portion to the amount of capital that came into co-invest.
Chris Kotowski: And did you give us a breakdown between what's from Fund VIII and what's from co-invest?
Leon Black: The equity breakdown, yes we said it was 2.5 billion of co-invest that included any inflows this quarter. And you can assume about 1 billion from our funds. 
Chris Kotowski: Okay, thanks. That's it for me. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. 
Brian Bedell: Hi, good morning folks. A question for maybe Josh, and Leon, but I know it's a bit hard to answer, but just to get your sort of view on sort of where we are in the credit cycle in terms of the deployment in Fund VIII as both of you guys mentioned at a fixed multiple, I mean did you ever think you'd be able to get that type of entry multiple in this type of highly valued environment? And then as we move forward from here and we do deploy more in Fund VIII, can you envision raising another fund ahead of the next credit cycle, or is that just too difficult to assess?
Joshua Harris: I will start and then Leon can add, look I think it is -- the credit spreads and levels are either not as what you would -- not very exciting. They are at kind of like all time lows but what is driving that is zero interest rates. And what is driving that is quantitative easing around the world. So, the real question you are asking is what is going to happen, when are the central banks going to raise rates. And we dont really have a crystal ball here but I would say that I always see that happening.  As much as I don't like the level of credit spreads, I think we all need to just be accustomed to the fact that we could be in the zero rate environment for a prolonged period of time. I think a lot of that is going to depend on kind of how the economy themselves do and that is unpredictable. But I think you have to go into this kind of being cautious and try to find ways to deploy capital where even if things go wrong and rates go up and the credit cycle time is against you. So, we are okay and make some money but I think that -- I think my personal base is that is to go out for a period of time. And so, that is really what you are asking.  In terms of your second question on PE, look I think we have been holding for 25 years now, 26 years we have been working to hone our craft as practitioners of private equity in terms finding deals that other people can't do. And I think certainly we are getting better at it in terms of being able to source transactions that either dont seem to be consistent with the current valuation environment, whether that be because we are good at arranging financings that other people can't, whether that be buying into distressed debts, whether it be corporate carve outs.  And interestingly, more recently as you guys have seen we have found some public companies where we just have a different view than the market and so, I guess my honest answer would be I am actually quite proud of the job the team has done and in a really tough environment. And we are quite differentiated. And you hear it, we looked into the other calls and we are aware that other people are saying we are not finding a lot of deals in there and the market is overvalued. But when someone -- you just look at the multiples we are paying the reality is that's not the case for us. So, we are quite differentiated from what you are seeing out there and I am very proud of the model and the team and platform that we built to be able to do it. 
Martin Kelly: Just to underscore Josh's last point, if you look at the numbers on our last four PE funds going back to 2000, with each fund we have actually widened by one multiple the difference between us and our peers in terms of putting capital. For Fund V we are one multiple better from VI, two multiples from VII, three multiples on the outside of VIII there was the difference of four multiples versus the average in terms of our deployment in capital. I dont know how long, how we can keep that. Trying to going to V, VI, and VII times but just going to Josh's point that with the evolution of honing the skills that our whole team is imbued with that culture. So, we are gratified. I think our returns have been first in class in PE but what I am more proud of is that we have gotten them by taking less risk and paying lower multiples. 
Brian Bedell: That's great perspective. Maybe just to switch gears, Josh, on the -- you talked about the total return product in the liquid performing credit area. Can you talk about the fundraising market opportunity there, say, over the next intermediate long-term, maybe two to three years in terms of which marketplaces you think you have an opportunity to really gain substantial market share?
Joshua Harris: I think it is really it is the core pension funds, dollar wealth funds that we are typically in dialogue with and that are supporting most of our products. But I think it is also retail. And again like it is hard to make, making it say six to eight is actually quite -- and taking large risk in this environment when you have the ability. If you buy a BB or BBB or say buying BBB high yield investments you are going to make four and you are going to have duration. And so if you are going to go on so it is okay. So, four I will give you six to eight. I will pull in duration, so in case the central banks do decide to raise rates which we are inevitably worried about and have to think about, you are protecting because you are pulling away. But instead of daily liquidity you need to give me quarterly liquidity, that is quite attractive to our core clients. It is also quite attractive to high net worth individuals and other individuals that still have a lot of places to put their money.  So, we think in the long run it is going to be a very large product for us. It is performing quite well. We have now been at it for three year and we have found is that there is lots of boxes to check with the track records and three years of performance and this and that. And we are checking all those boxes and at the tail end of that we are starting to see the potential investor demand open up. Having gone through all that and the performance is quite good.  So, it is just a product that we think is better for our investors and better for retail and it is quite differentiated versus what is out there. And we are at a size where we can play and after running credit differently that some of the very large brand of players were just multiples and multiples inside of us. And they just can't play in that area because it is too big. And so this is an area where we think we can take some market share. 
Brian Bedell: And what is your penetration in retail right now? Is there a strategy to get deeper in the warehouses?
Joshua Harris: Yeah, so I mean I think what we have been saying on pretty much repeatedly, we are investing in the marketing resources we need to attack retail in multiple ways. Certainly the wire house is part of it, certainly issuing in some cases having permitting capital vehicles in public markets. And certainly the non-wire houses, so I think we are doing all of that and it is just -- we have great -- we have always been great manufacturers of return. Increasingly we are just now making those products available and suitable for retail which is different. And then obviously you aware of the advisory stuff that we have done, that we have announced between Opco and Waddell & Reed and things. So, I think we got to another way. But at the end of the day all of these ways, there is not one magic book, it is building up the process, and the people and the systems we have underway, service the retail client base and communicating with them effectively. 
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Autonomous. 
Patrick Davitt: Hey, good morning, thanks. So Fund VIII clearly is going to be a big driver of ENI while it's in this 80/20 catch up and beyond. When we think about marking that, should we think about any one index or industry concentration or some broad kind of weighted index of credit energy, the MSCI and the S&P, in trying to kind of look at how that moves each quarter?
Martin Kelly: It is really hard to answer that. I mean the answer is if you look at all of our historic returns, we quashed the indexes. It is not even close, and I have said that so you can look at our historic returns of the ENI and the midpoint in that and in mid 30s to high 30s growth. So, having said that obviously we are not saying you should model that. Certainly we underrate you at 20% gross return. We have exceeded that and then I guess you can look historical private equity advanced market trends but the reality of private equity is that, the top quartile performers do way better than the average performers. That is just the reality of the numbers. So, you got to look at all the data and so forth and if you want to look at indexes, you will look at the top quartile private equity performers but the reality is we have been better than that. So, I dont know how to really predict it other than to give you all the data that is available as I just did and have you just consult it. 
Martin Kelly: And to just clarify it, sorry we are underwriting the 20% net, 25% gross.
Patrick Davitt: Okay. And I meant more kind of like directionally quarter-to-quarter, like what -- like if oil moves 20% in a quarter, is that going to move it a lot, or if credit moves 5% in a quarter, is that going to move it a lot than over the long run, I understand what you mean over the long run?
Joshua Harris: First of all we dont have big, we have a very small -- 5% in energy so, we are underweighted in energy right now. And so it is not really, energy certainly moves it up and down but it is not any different than in any of the other sectors they are in. And if you look at all the investments they are all -- it is pretty broad right. It is pretty bright, it has been coming in a bit less cyclical than in history. So, it is really hard. I mean, what I would do -- you must take a look at the major investments as best you can and try to figure out how that comparable companies are doing. If you want to look at, the reality is the S&P 500 on a quarterly basis it does move up and down in sort of evaluation. It is really hard to get away from that. But that obviously guys in the long run hasnt been consistent with our performance. We have done way better than that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Nick Stelzner: Good morning, this is Nick Stelzner filling in for Mike Cyprys. Just a quick question on the $10 billion of AUM with future management fee potential, can you elaborate on the funds and strategies those represent and is it just deployment that will turn on the fees? And I guess how are you thinking about the time frame and type of environment needed to put that to work and see those fees turn on? 
Martin Kelly: Sure, it is almost exclusively within our credit business and at least an amount of that is from managed accounts. But the way the money is being raised the money needs to be put to work. I dont think there is any -- certainly nothing of significance that is sort of a fund that is waiting to switch on. It is really based on deployment. And then you can look at the deployment that we have in credit that we have just made in the last quarter's going back in time. It is challenging as Josh mentioned given the rich current environment and so you just need to come up with a run rate based on what we have done over time. But it is multiple quarters of performance that still runs through that.
Nick Stelzner: Okay, that's helpful. Just one other quick question, Fund VIII now 60% deployed, it sounds like Fund IX is looming. I think you successfully scaled your prior PE funds if you think about the size of the next fund, how should we think about the puts and takes around scaling there?
Leon Black: I dont think you can ever predict, I think. But the good news is that there has been a lot of realizations last few years so many LPs have good amount of cash to deploy. The good news is they seem to be giving more of that cash to top performers. But when you go out for fundraising you never know what the outcome is going to be. I think we are already a very large fund -- it is really hard to predict how much more that will scale. 
Operator: We have reached the amount of time for questions. And that concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I will now return the floor to Mr. Gary Stein for any additional or closing remarks. 
Gary M. Stein: Great, thanks operator and thanks everyone for joining us today. As we noted if you have any follow-up questions please feel free to give me or Noah Gunn a call. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Stein - Head, Corporate Communications Leon Black - Chairman & CEO Josh Harris - Co-Founder, Senior Managing Director Martin Kelly - CFO
Analysts: Mike Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Devin Ryan - JMP Securities Glenn Schorr - Evercore ISI Ken Worthington - JPMorgan Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Research Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Chris Harris - Wells Fargo Gerald OHara - Jefferies Michael Cyprys - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Apollo Global Management 2016 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation, all callers will be in a listen-only mode. And following Management's prepared remarks, the conference call will be opened for questions. This conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications. Sir?
Gary Stein: Thanks operator and welcome everyone. Joining me today from Apollo are Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director and Martin Kelly, Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this morning, we reported a non-GAAP, economic net loss of $0.18 per-share for the first quarter ended March 31, 2016. Apollo also reported distributable earnings to common and equivalent holders of $0.25 per-share for the first quarter, all of which was declared payable for the quarter's distribution. Before I hand the call over to Josh I wanted to remind you that todays conference call may include forward -looking statements and projections, which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to our most recent SEC filings for risk factors related to these statements. We'll also be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, which are reconciled to GAAP figures in our first quarter 2016 earnings presentation. As usual, if you have questions about any information in the earning release presentation on this call please feel free to call Noah Gun and myself. With that, Id like to turn the cal over to Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director of Apollo Global Management.
Josh Harris: Thanks, Gary and good morning everyone. Amid a volatile backdrop during the first quarter where equity markets pulled back meaningfully and then rebounded, spreads widening and then tightened, an appetite within the financing markets moderated and then returned. Apollo had one of its busiest capital deployment quarters ever. The funds we manage together with co-investment partners, deployed or committed nearly $8 billion in aggregate across a range of investments by leveraging the firms integrated platform our ability to embrace complexity and choppy markets like those we experienced in the first quarter, create the type of environment where Apollo tends to thrive capitalizing on dislocation while others are often sidelined by it. Due to the long term nature of our capital and ample dry powder across the platform, we were well positioned to put our skill set and contrarian approach to work for our investors. In credit, we deployed capital on a variety of debt securities at attractive prices, but have since traded up in many cases. In private equity, we're very active during the quarter, contrary to what some may think when traditional sources of capital in the financing markets seize up, this can actually work to our advantage. While it may be more difficult to get transactions over the finish line, it can lead to more attractive outcomes. Notable transactions announced during the first quarter include ADT, The Fresh Market and Regional Care's acquisition of Capella Healthcare. Each of these deals is emblematic of Apollos differentiated investment capability and I would like to elaborate further on a few specifically. In the case of ADT, which we just closed on Monday, the funds we managed, were able to invest in the leading provider of home security and automation services, combining Protection 1 and existing Fund 8 portfolio company with ADT. In aggregate this transaction had a combined enterprise value of approximately $15 billion making one of the largest sponsor-backed transactions in the past decade and the largest year-to-date. The combined business is projected to generate over $4 billion in annual revenue, have more than 20,000 employees and serve approximately nine million customers across the U.S. and Canada equating to approximately 25% of the monitored home security market. Through our broker-dealer affiliate, were able to provide a creative financing solution despite difficult markets. This included accessing sizable non-traditional sources of debt and preferred stock capital from a large legal -- a large limited partner and an affiliate of coke industries. The deal also required an investor with a size and scale and power to be able to speak for the $4.5 billion of equity contributed through the funds we manage and our strong network of co-investors. In the case of fresh market, Fund A pursued what we believe to be an attractive high-end specialty grocery business operating a 184 stores across 27 states. We believe there is a significant opportunity to enhance the brand and merchandise offering to make the fresh market a primary destination for shoppers. Our team at Apollo has had the good fortune of having executed a number of transactions in the consumer food industries, including sprouts farmers markets, smart and final hostess brand and general and nutrition centers among others. Each of these transactions has undergone a significant transformation under the strategic guidance that we bring and we intend to bring that experience to bear at the fresh market. In addition to these two-take private transactions, weve also enacted our handful of distressed situations even though the broader markets may not be in distress at the moment, they're usually pocket of distressed in certain industries at any given time. One distressed for a control deal that was completed during the quarter was Warrior Met Coal formerly known as Walter Energy, which owns what we believe a two of the three best mines in the U.S. Although its a relatively small transaction it highlights the flexibility of our investment approach across market cycles and industries. Were excited about all of the recent investments and believe were building a strong portfolio of Fund A one day even in the high priced private equity environment weve seen in recent years, were maintaining our value oriented disciple to buy right, which we believe is a single biggest determinant of value creation for an investment. Were pleased to note that Fund-8 is now approximately 50% committed when including quarter-to-date activity and the portfolio has been constructed with an average creation multiple of approximately six times enterprise value to EBITDA, meaningfully lower than the industry average at approximately 10 times. The commitment level means that Fund-8 is now slightly ahead of pace. I would like to continue the call by providing some commentary around asset growth and fund raising. We generated $23 billion of inflows across the platform over the past 12 months, including $4.5 billion in the first quarter. The quarter's activity was driven by the following. First, newer add-on managed account commitments totaling $800 million, which is an area of continued interest from our LPs. Our pipeline remains strong and were in active dialog for additional mandates. By providing investors with holistic, unconstrained credit accounts targeted to their needs, we believe were providing a differentiated solution. Midcap, our middle markets direct origination platform added roughly $600 million during the quarter, bringing total assets under management to nearly $6 billion. It is worth noting that midcap has only had cumulative losses of five basis points since inception across more than 400 discrete transactions. So the performance is strong. Our inflows during the first quarter also included approximately $200 million for our second natural resource fund bringing total commitments to approximately $2 billion and the fund is continuing to raise additional capital. We had a $250 million first closing for a new fund we called Special Situations. This fund is a product expansion within private equity that will seek to capture idea generation across the platform and invested opportunities that we believe are attractive, but typically fall outside existing fund mandates. Samples of investments that we expect to make through this Special Situations fund could longer dated private equity, royalties, infrastructure and minority investments. In addition to these offerings, there are others worth noting. We've commenced marketing for the third vantage in the European Principle Finance Fund Series, which is primarily focused on by portfolios of assets and businesses from financial institutions in Europe. Its predecessor is a 2012 vintage fund which received $3.5 billion in total commitments. Weve also launched the fund raising process for the third vintage fund in the financial credit investment fund series, a credit drive down product which focuses on insurance linked securities; its predecessor as a 2013 vintage fund, which received $1.6 billion in commitments. And lastly, were continuing to grow our emerging markets corporate debt focused strategy, which is now nearing $1.5 billion. We believe that this strategy is well-positioned for future growth in an addressable market that is as large as the U.S. high yield market. Before I turn the call over to Martin, I would like to reiterate our focus on enhancing the significant and predictable free cash flow generated by our Management business. As weve discussed in the past, we believe that our current degenerating assets under management and expense base that -- with those two we could generate approximately $0.25 or more of after tax cash flow per share on a quarterly basis. Over time, through continued growth of our AUM, as well as our ongoing efforts to enhance our already strong margins we expect the $0.25 of cash per share each quarter to continue to grow. The after-tax cash flow from our Management business is important, since this is a reliable source of cash quarter-in and quarter-out, regardless of whether we have any significant realizations from the funds we manage as was the case in this quarter where we had none. Now Ill turn the call over to Martin for some additional comments. Thank you.
Martin Kelly: Thanks, Josh and good morning again everyone. Starting with our cash distribution, the $0.25 we declared today, was driven by the relative cash flow stability of the management business as Josh has highlighted and reflects our commitment to distribute substantially all of the cash flow generated in each quarter except for what may be deemed necessary or appropriate to run and grow the business. For comparability purposes, Ill speak to the quarters economic earnings excluding the impact of last quarters legal reserve. We earned $82 million of economic income in our Management business during the first quarter down from $96 million in the fourth quarter as adjusted. The decrease was driven by lower management business revenues largely transaction fees and sequentially higher expenses, largely compensation, which normalized from a relatively low level in the fourth quarter and reflected the impact of headcount growth year-over-year. Turning to the Incentive business, the economic loss during the quarter was largely the result of an unrealized decrease in evaluation of Athene, which was driven by the depreciation of publicly traded comparable companies in the life insurance sector. Recall that as Athene approaches its goal of becoming a public company, its quarterly evaluation will reflect market changes and key evaluations, absent any other company-specific drivers. The 11% reduction in Athene's valuation quarter-over-quarter resulted in a $67 million unrealized loss within other income, as well as a $56 million unrealized net carried interest loss from AAA and related accounts, resulting in an aggregate drag on the first quarter P&I of approximately $0.30 per share. Its worth nothing that we're seeing an upward trend in the public comps quarters a day with mid-single digit average appreciation. In Private Equity, our core funds appreciated during the first quarter due to 2% appreciation in private holdings and positive marks on public debt positions, partially offset by 6% deprecation in public equity portfolio company holdings. Its important to note that these overall performance measures represent a blend of different trends among our flagship funds. Fund 6 was down 5% in the quarter. Fund 7 was also down 5% and Fund 8 was up 9%. Each of these funds is in different stage in their lifestyle. Fund 6 is a 2006 vintage fund with approximately $3 billion of unrealized investments in the ground, 75% which is public securities. There are about six material investments remaining, the largest of which is Norwegian Cruise Lines, representing 40% of the fund's remaining value. Fund 7 is a 2008 vintage fund with more than $4 billion of unrealized investments in the ground and 28% represented by public securities suggesting the seasoning process is ongoing. There are about 12 investments remaining, the largest of which is McGraw-Hill Education, which has an S1 on file. Fund 8 is a 2013 vintage fund that is actively capital and performing well in the 2.5 years since inception. There were about 16 investments in the fund at the end of March and that figure continues to grow with the recent activity that Josh mentioned. Since Fund 8 is not in a carry earning position, the fund's positive performance during the quarter is not yet being reflected in the income statement. However, the funds net IRR is now in positive territory and only needs to appreciate by another 5% for the fund to begin accruing carry. In credit the investment performance of the funds we manage was positive during the quarter, up 1.1% on a gross basis and up 0.9% on a net basis, excluding the non-sub advised assets of Athene. Given the choppy market backdrop during the first half of the quarter and the stress observed in certain sectors, we're pleased with the overall performance of the business in producing position positive returns across fund categories. During the quarter $6.1 billion of credit AUM moved back into a carry generated position bringing the amount of carry generating AUM in credit to $23 billion at the end of the first quarter. The shift was primarily driven by positive performance in credit hedged fund assets and CLOs. Lastly on the incentive business, there was a discretionary incentive full compensation accrual in the quarter of $18.5 million within realized profit sharing expense, which drove an elevated profit share ratio in the quarter. As a reminder the firm takes a long term view with respect to discretionary components of incentive compensation and we'll monitor its overall level relative to the fund's incentive based earnings over an extended period of time. On our prior earnings call, we explained the rationale behind our decision to adopt a share repurchase plan. During the first quarter, we repurchased 2.6 million shares with approximately $35 million of capital. This included 1.6 million shares through net settlement of employee equity awards and one million shares repurchased in open market transactions. We continue to believe that share repurchases offer a complimentary approach to its earning capital to our shareholders that will enhance long-term value and we'll look to continue making progress on the plan on an opportunistic basis over time. We expect the timing of amount of additional repurchases will depend on a variety of factors including market conditions and other potential uses of capital. Lastly I would like to just flat a couple of AUM related movements that we expect in the near to medium term. Due to the previously announced pending transaction in which ARI, the commercial mortgage REIT that we manage, will acquire AMCG, the residential mortgage REIT we manage. We expect the sale of mortgage assets and securities at AMCG will result in a decline in total AUM of approximately $3 billion when the transaction closes likely in the third quarter. Because most of the reduction relates to non-free planning leverage, we expect fee generating AUM to decline by $300 million. In addition, due to the recent pick up in fee deployment and strong demand by our fund investors to participate in that activity in a greater way, we expect to invest inflows to benefit AUM by approximately $2.5 billion in the second quarter. And with that, we'll turn the call back to the operator and open up the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now opened for questions [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mike Carrier of Bank of America.
Mike Carrier: Good morning, guys. Josh, maybe just first on -- just first on the deployment that you guys you did in the quarter and then the outlook and maybe separating it and maybe the private equity side versus some of the distress that you saw on credit, I just wanted to get your take, when you look at the private equity side, you mentioned ADT and then your first market. You mentioned that the six times, type of the multiple across Fund 8, just wanted to get sense that you're still able to put capital to work at those levels. And then on the distress side I know was a short period of time in the quarter, but you guys were pretty active, in terms of deploying capital, just whats the outlook and maybe the fundamentals that drive some of these stress situations, because obviously some markets have rebounded pretty quickly but just wanted to get your take on the fundamentals that were driving some of those these opportunities?
Josh Harris: Yeah. Good question. So first of all, were continuing to put money to work and six times cash flow like its actually I look at it and quite I guess impressed with the team -- our team like they continue to find stuff, you can do math on APO as public company. Actually we merged it with our company, but that would be under six. But on average were in that six times and look everyone here knows what Apollo deal is. It's something that where we trade complexity and aggregation for rate of return for purchase price. So we roll up our slaves and can certainly be merging two companies together. Can certainly be a buildup. Can certainly be a corporate carve out. It could certainly be a distress for control situation. So were really bucking the market trends where the average multiple now is over 11 times if you look at the last quarter and we've deployed, we're ahead of pace and I dont think were buying for companies. ADT is a huge franchise business, fresh markets is a great -- great supermarket retailer. We announced -- I think we announced another deal in the industrial space on Monday two crane companies. So they're about the companies. So I think, Im feeling very good about our ability to be highly differentiated in private equity and the gross returns are starting to go up in Fund 8 and obviously, it takes you a little while, because of the J Curve to getting to carry, but we're heading there very quickly. And its exciting to be able to do it in this environment, which is amongst a tougher environments or maybe even the roughest I've ever lived in, in terms of private equity. So the team is doing quite well and were putting capital to work in good and interesting situations. In terms of the second part of your question, just distressed, the distressed market got really interesting for about three days and, it bounced November or December, January, February, the markets were pulling and we got, were buying, two handful, almost two handfuls of distressed names and -- but the reality is that the markets turned relatively quickly. And at this point, there is I think the math there is I just did a research on this, there is kind of $120 billion of bonds trading below $0.80 and there $60 billion in distressed debt on the sidelines and 80% of those are natural resource and energy. So outside the natural resource and energy space, weve had somewhat of V in terms of the markets are going down and then coming right back up, but the only thing that I will say and we did. I think the firm did quite well at investing in what was a relatively short window, but the relativity is was just getting interesting in size and the markets are relatively liquidity and people were just starting to get to the point where they were selling chunks of that really mattered and then the market turned around. So we're going to continue to plough away and distressed but stuff can change really quickly, as we saw in the November to February time period literally things were getting pretty ugly and so if you look at the macro outlook out there, we can talk about that, but the reality is I think there is a fair amount of volatility and risk and things could turn around. So I think stay tuned but we're just going to be ready to take advantage of whatever the market gives us.
Mike Carrier: Okay. Thanks and then just quick follow-up just on the Athene relationship in the growth outlook there just given the Department of Labor the fiduciary rule, just wanted to get your guys sense on maybe the growth outlook and how you see that business proceeding forward just given some of the constraints with the role?
Josh Harris: Sure, thanks for the question. We know the Department of Labor rule is a big topic on investors minds across financial services. I would say at this point like other companies in the space Athene is accessing the potential impact to the rule and they havent really said anything publicly about it yet. From our standpoint we think it wouldnt be appropriate for us to comment on how the rule may impact them. We think we better wait for them to comment. So I would say stay tuned for their next public investor update call where I am sure theyll discuss this topic. But I would say broadly speaking we still remain very excited about Athene given a lot of interesting things across a number of different sectors and exploring a lot of different opportunities. So I think we still see meaningful growth opportunity there.
Mike Carrier: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan of JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Thanks, good morning. Just wanted to get an update on the health of the financing market today relative to the start of the year. I know you guys have noted that it was effectively shut down. So I am just curious how it is today and how thats influencing your backlog of opportunities and also just on the backlog, the size of the ADT deal as you guys highlighted, is that an abortion or could we see some other large deals like that in terms of what you guys are looking at?
Leon Black: Yes, so just taking them in order, the financial markets are back. They're back in all their glory. Literally again things were relatively shut down for a few months and now we concluded a number of transactions based on having a rough expectation or an expectation of relatively rough financing market and pricing that in. And then sometime having a little luck is good because the deals we're priced for market we've priced ADT obviously we're still -- we still have a pipeline of deals to go into the market, but all the deals are getting done ahead of our expectation. When we did the deals and so the financing markets, the high yield markets was down to five and now it's up six. It was down five last year, its been up six or so in the first four months. So there is still a bit of bifurcation, but really even triple Cs arrived. So things are -- the good times are rolling again at least for this month, but you cant really predict what will happen given the relatively muted financial fundamentals of the economy, but very aggressive monitory technical out there in the world. And there is sort of a battle between fundaments and technical and one month fundaments win and then another month technical win and you just have to be really on your toes to navigate what's a very challenging environment. In terms of what was your second question, do you mind repeating that 
Devin Ryan: Just the kind of the size of backlog and just within that is ADT kind of abortion in terms of the absolute size of that deal?
Leon Black: Yes ADT is I would say is abortion. Its pretty hard, so if think about it, it was $15 million deal, but there is whole bunch of debt that we rolled based on its terms and then we went outside the financing markets and to have turned to Coke industries and large LP, to privately place some of the debt. And so, when you -- and then we had an existing company that had some debt that they have to replace. So when you look at it all like we really only raised, $3 plus billion of debt capital. Obviously brought -- we bought $4 billion to $5 billion of equity capital, and so thats really the Governor. The Governor is that the bridge market the ability to get committed transactions really taps out, in some months its three -- it was very hard to get $3 billion of bridge. So like when you start to put a normal equity cushion under that, you get to like five. And so, unless things change that it gets a little harder to do deals above that levels unless youre bringing, unless it's a special situation you're bringing lots of equity to the table, your rolling debt, you have to be very creative. Its not 100% the case, you will see the odd large deal, but I think like -- if you think in terms of $5 billion being aware that the financial market, the capacity to absorb bridge facilities taps out $3 billion, excuse me $3 billion to $4 billion that gives you the size of how big the deals can be.
Devin Ryan: Got it. Okay. I'll leave it there. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr of Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: Hi. Thanks very much. Curious in private equity performance, if youve done any attribution analysis. When you look at last 12 months being down a little bit, its bummer, but curious, if youve looked at that performance X energy just first to see how the performances has been outside the energy complex?
Martin Kelly: Yeah. So weve done the analysis on that Glenn, its Martin. Energy was a clear headwind and the last half of last year and NTE in the first quarter actually was a very slight tailwind and that was given the construction of the assets we had and so factor specific to them like reserve estimates as well as is where the comps moved. But Im sorry, I think the non-energy piece has for sure outperformed the energy piece over an LTM period of time. If you then dig into it more, I think its not surprising that the privates equity added value as they mature across the Board and then the public are up and down with the markets. I think the good news though is, if you dig into what happened in the quarter in six with six and seven both being down, but eight being up and on the road to getting into carry, there is path forward to getting funded into carrying and producing cash. Now thats obviously going to depend on the new investments, creating value. So, it will take a bit of time. But, the newer companies in the book across the Board are performing nicely and having some markups.
Leon Black: Yeah. To put in context, six was $10 million fund that we close to double and there is $3 million left. So youre talking about round numbers 3 out of 20 that's less. Seven was $15 million fund that we more than doubled, so call it 35 or 40 -- between $35 million to $40 million and you're talked about four left. And so really, this is the like the tail of very large dog and you get some idiosyncratic performance so that has nothing to do with -- youre dealing with the positions that are left. Now the good news is weve invested 9 of 18, the investor committed 9 of 18 in 8 and 8 is like really looks really strong relative to the early returns in 8. You can look at the gross. I think we published the gross returns. I dont want to drill on that and theyre very high in a pretty difficult -- theyre well north of the equity markets, well north. And so, 8 is coming, and yeah we're dealing with what we have left in 6 and 7 and Martin mentioned that Norwegian Cruise Line strays up it strays down, its strays sideways and so we get some volatility. So it is bummer in some sense, but in other sense all that became dividends over the past couple years, so we and hopefully a lot of people on the call reap the benefit of it. 
Glenn Schorr: Yeah right. I get that. Just one quick follow-up to Mike's question, I know you can't say much on the Athene I heard you loud and clear. But am I reading it right that the big issue for them is the inclusion of fixed index annuities inside the BIC, because that was part Athene's bread and butter, that's the way I read it and I'm just not sure if it's how that impacts their organic growth.
Leon Black: Yeah I think that's really where they're assessing what the impact is, you're right. It was inclusion of fixed index annuities which really came as a surprise to the industry at late inclusion and so they're just absorbing that and assessing what it all means.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. I appreciate, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Ken Worthington of JPMorgan. 
Ken Worthington: Hi good morning. Just Fund 8 the negative 6% IRR to a positive 4% obviously you're in the J curve, so we would expect big swings, but it was a pretty lousy quarter. Anything you can help us on in terms of the big swing in IRRs which positions maybe happen to be doing quite well or which may not, but really focus on what's working in the fund?
Martin Kelly: Sure. Ken, it was actually some pretty decent mark-ups across the book including on a particular energy position that we are in that we've marked down a lot in Q4 and had some reserve finds and some come increases during the quarter. So that was a factor, but I would say really across the book the portfolio if you look at the underlying revenues and EBITDAs they're performing well. There's really nothing in that portfolio that we're concerned about. And it was a markup across the book. And the 4% youve mentioned is net 18% gross and so we have 5% to get to carry, we have 8% to get through catch up carry as we look forward, obviously adjusted for the recent money that's been put into the fund.
Leon Black: Yeah I hate I don't want to simplify but when you're buying at six and the market is trading at 11 you make a decent amount of money on the buy, you just do. And then when the companies perform it start to impact the valuation.
Ken Worthington: Okay. Great. And then maybe continuing on performance in credit in the permanent capital vehicles, I think there is $16 billion or so where you disclosed you need about an 19% return to get back to carry, which I don't know feels for like a big assumption, but maybe like walk through what would you think needs to happen to get back that 19% return and maybe why the deficit got so big in the first place? Is it exposure to certain sectors which have hurt or color there be great too. Thanks.
Leon Black: And Ken your question is on capital vehicles, not the draw downs right.
Ken Worthington: Yeah here let me see if I get to the page, permanent capital vehicles exit being non-sub, no I'm sorry, its $16 billion of credit Slide 8.
Leon Black: Okay, so thats -- that will include a series of draw down funds plus the BEC plus the rates and reflects it's the year-to-year end of the credit spectrum as we define it and reflects -- it reflects the last two or three quarters that we've lived through in terms of March. Some of that has come back in Q1, some of it came back a bit further in April, but it represents the lowest tranche debt pieces that we buy, which got hit pretty hard in Q4 and in early part of Q1. Also within that is about a plan of CLO AUM and that's actually a somewhat mix story, it contains new CLOs that are just seasoning and will take time to get to carry, but it also includes some older CLOs that are running of.
Martin Kelly: What I would, I heard someone say like there's $23 million in carry right, on the $16 million to data carry, Id say that energy and natural resources haven't helped that and so we would need a rebound and I think those sectors have been I'd say the bigger drag on that, and we need a bit of a rebound there, but make your own assumptions there is $23 million and there is $16 million that we have some work to do. I think it could happen but there's no question that we have some work to do. And then we're originating lots of new opportunistic accounts. So when we talk about in the press releases whatever the $700 million or $800 million of news managed account like money that's likely to be you're starting at day one and so it's not in carry, but it's right there. 
Ken Worthington: Okay, great. Leon I appreciate the addition color. Thanks. 
Leon Black: Thanks Ken. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Great, hey good morning, everybody. Just one more I guess can you I understand you guys can't really get into the future and how the business roll out, but help us understand I guess how much of their product is in qualified accounts today as well as how much of sales over the last couple of years has come from qualified accounts.
Leon Black: Yeah. Unfortunate I don't want to seem like we're ducking questions here, but it's just not something that they've disclosed publicly. As you know they're on a path towards filing the rest one towards their IPO and you can expect that they'll be discloser included in their filings that I think will help answer some questions you're asking. but again I don't think we should be the ones to disclose before they have a chance to put it in the context of their pull business.
Alex Blostein: Understand, fair enough. On to Apollo's business I guess when you guys talk about the fund raising opportunities and clearly the pace of deployment is extremely robust this quarter. Does that accelerate any of the fund raising opportunities you see over the next 12 months or so? I know you highlighted the $2.5 billion co-invest that I guess it supposed to come in next quarter or I guess this quarter second quarter. Talk to us a little about the fee rates on the $2.5 billion and also just how we should think about the fund raising out for the next 12 months?
Leon Black: Yeah. So the fee rates, I don't think we really disclosed what we charge co-investors, but it's certainly not going to be a private equity style incentive fees probably I'll leave the specific deal by deal. The fund raising outlook in the next 12 months is good. I think you guys are seeing the phase we're running at. I think we expect to continue to run at that pace.
Alex Blostein: I guess what I'm trying to get to is that the $0.25 a quarter and measuring key business earnings how much runway does it have call it 12 months? Is it -- should we be expecting like a $0.30 kind of number or is it going to stay in the current run rate?
Leon Black: Yeah I appreciate what you're asking, but we don't really give forward guidance, but I think by talking about it in the script we feel pretty comfortable with that as a minimal.
Alex Blostein: Got it. Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from one of Patrick Davitt of Autonomous.
Patrick Davitt: Hey good morning guys, thanks. 
Leon Black: Good morning.
Patrick Davitt: This is the first quarter where there was a pretty big disconnect in the broader key portfolio performance and the carry number that you reported and it sounds like part of that is because of how well Fund 8 did relative to the other funds. But also that this triple A mark, was it more the Fund 8 disconnect or the negative mark in the triple A stuff and what exactly is driving that negative mark because I don't remember that being called out as aggressively as needed?
Leon Black : Yes it's related to the Triple A carry, so let me just go through the pieces. So fund 8 is out of carry so it has no impact on our reporter earnings. Fund 6 and 7 were both down 5% and between the two of them after profit share costs it created an A&I loss of about $35 million. So the rest is attributed to AAA. The arrangements -- the carry arrangements we have with AAA complex there are several of them. They have different hurdle rates and participation rates and they don't apply to all of assets in AAA. So it's not a linear relationship with the price that we value with Athene, but collectively during the quarter it had about a $55 million negative impact to the PE carry.
Patrick Davitt: But it is related to the market and not from assets in the portfolio right? Is that what you're saying?
Leon Black: Its related relates exclusively to the mark on Athene. It's just the way that it's derived comes through couple of different structures. 
Patrick Davitt: Okay, I got it. 
Leon Black: And we thought it would be helpful to give that just sum it all up and simplify and just say that given an 11% decline in the comps that had an essentially approximately $0.30, $0.31 here to our numbers across the PA and credit segments.
Patrick Davitt: Okay. Great. That's very helpful, thanks. And then just a quick follow-up, the Escrow footnote and I apologize if youve answered this on past calls, why is it that there's $111 million net profit sharing in Escrow, but you would only get $12.5 million to the GP in the event of liquidation from my reading not incorrect.
Leon Black: I think that is driven by Fund 6. So Fund 6 is Escrow is now below 100%. It's 89% and there is some cash sitting in the Escrow account that was trapped when assets were sold last year. So if everything were sold at the March 31 marks, then a lot of that cash sitting in Escrow would go back the LPs instead of coming back to far.
Patrick Davitt: So if it were over 100.
Leon Black: Yeah. That's right.
Patrick Davitt: Yeah, perfect thank you. 
Leon Black : Sure.
Martin Kelly: The other point just this point keeps coming up, there is and again you guys can do your own projections on Fund 8 like obliviously don't give forward-looking statements, but there's 9 -- there's about, by the time all the stuff closes that we've signed up, there's roughly $9 billion of carry eligible AUM out there one Fund 8 crosses its hurdle and so I don't know presuming things keep going okay, help is on the way.
Patrick Davitt: Makes sense. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank. 
Brian Bedell: Hi. Good morning folks.
Leon Black: Good morning.
Brian Bedell: Josh, a question for you on the credit cycle in terms of -- in terms of the investment strategy in the credit business, obviously we've seen these very wide volatility of spreads. Does it drive you to be more opportunistic in taking advantage of short term movements and then maybe if you can just -- I know it's always hard to predict, but whether the next credit cycle will be more episodic in that nature versus more of a longer term drawdown in the cycle that would need you to deploy for longer term periods.
Josh Harris: So just taking the first one first, it does. I think that you have to be really good at your craft to make money. So what we do is we tend to get all of our ducks in a row. We file lots of credits and then when they hit our price targets we buy them. And it's actually even harder from the point of view that the liquidity in the market is actually much lower and so things gap down, but they don't really trade very much other than here and there. It's now become a much more institutional market so things will gap down from a price point of view and it will be hard to buy and then I'll gap back up. But yeah, you have to literally be there and ready for the days once that make it negative and so yeah you have to be alert you have to be more opportunistic. And then the things trade up very crazy you have to be willing this out and so you just have to be managing the volatility a lot more aggressively than in the past. In terms of like the future credit cycle it's just so hard to say. I think that when you look at it, I think there will be, I just think there will be more volatility, in the sense that the traditional people that dampen volatility which were the fact they just have lot less capital upright. So now when things gap its firms like ours that are stepping out. And so we need to get paid for it and so there is more volatility down and then there is probably more volatility back up it presuming that the monetary policy that exists out there it creates this bid for everything at some level because people need to put money on that. But it's hard to know, I think at some point if it were to get more negative yeah then I think there would be at this point 35% of the fixed income market is daily liquidity vehicles, right. So if it were to break to the point where retail started pulling out of those vehicles and people got really negative there would be it could be extended down but it's so hard to predict based on what's going on right.
Brian Bedell: Great. It sounds like you can certainly be more opportunistic anywhere in prior cycles potentially given the lack of liquidity in the markets?
Josh Harris: Yes. 
Brian Bedell: And then just maybe switching gears, just maybe talk a little bit deeper about midcap and the long term strategy. You're up to $6 billion now the performance is tracking well. Do you have a long term view of how large that could be and the capacity for them to deploy capital?
Josh Harris: We haven't really thrown out like a number, but it could be quite large. This in the sweet spot. This is middle market lending to corporate America in multiple segments. So certainly we've seen GE and all the big banks get out of that sector. The likes of CIT and Heller and others are now no longer either they're gone or they're not as significant. And there's just a huge opportunities as companies need capital. And so make you able to get much larger than it is today and you're able to look at how quickly grown at $6 billion. And we're going to hope to continue to move it along, but we haven't thrown out a specific size of it, but it's a very large market.
Brian Bedell: Did to keep the pace up that the pace of going from zero to six or is that's too tough to say right now for you? 
Josh Harris: I think the benefit of the GE transaction is diversified the industry's, the make-ups lending to and so the organic, organic origination volumes are now broader across -- healthcare is now less than -- healthcare broadly defines now less than half of their broadly -- will continue to shrink. They've also done a couple of capital raises which allow him to take bigger positions and then syndicate it down. So we have net growth ambitions, which are quite accretive over time considering -- even considering syndications and run off of the book.
Leon Black: Yeah then the reason it's hard to answer the question, there is also chunky stuff out thereby, but look I think the organic growth, I think we should be able to keep to change organic growth consistently with what youve seen and then we're going to keep trying to find the GE type transaction to do.
Brian Bedell: Okay. That's great color. I appreciate it, thank you.
Leon Black: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from one of Chris Harris of Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris : Thanks, hey guys. Another one on Athene, can you guys, let us know where you have that position marked maybe on a price to book basis and how that mark compares to some of the comps you guys look at?
Leon Black: Sure, Chris so we go through a process of looking at public comps that span both large cap and small midcap companies that operate in the same space and then we fit Athene's ROI to the comp set and derive a multiple and then given that its private and there will be lock up post IPO we apply a discount to the public comps. When you do all of that you get to a book value multiple, a GAAP book value multiple, which is just slightly more than one time, it's 1.02 times and at March 31.
Martin Kelly: That was down from 1.18 times quarter before, so again it's really just reflecting the fact that the comps were down so sharply before the quarter.
Chris Harris: Got you, okay, and another follow-up on the outlook for the Management business. It sounds like you guys are pretty optimistic on the fee outlook, really just wanting to know how we should be thinking about expense growth for this year, whether we should be expecting a decent amount of operating leverage as you guys perhaps grow the management fee line.
Leon Black: Yes, we do expect leverage to improve. I think on the non-comp side the numbers have come down in the last year or two. I think what you're seeing now is as best we can tell long term, with one exception being placement fees which are lumpier and more difficult to predict. On the comp side last year our headcount grew by about 12% and that was a build-out across our investment teams and infrastructure to support all that. We have much more modest headcount growth plans this year given that we're significantly done with the build on. So, I would expect comp, were only one quarter into a year. Lots can play out, but I would expect comp from here to be flat to where it was in Q1, which coincidently was where it was in the middle part of last year as well.
Chris Harris : Helpful, thanks guys. 
Leon Black: Thanks, yes strategically were looking hard at equating comp and revenue growth at a maximum and trying to get some operating leverage. Obviously if there is special situation in terms of what you need and people that you really want, you don't want to -- you have to be flexible, but we're now much more focused on keeping these things in mind and generating some operating leverage.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerald OHara of Jefferies.
Gerald OHara: Great, thanks. Just another on fundraising. It sounds like the environment has been relatively good or the outlook is relatively strong. You mentioned a Special Situations Fund that you are taking to market and I was curious if you perhaps could provide a little color on the sizing or scale where you think you might be able to take that fund?
Leon Black: Yes, clearly there are opportunities that are private equity like, but may be are longer data than a private equity fund maybe their assets, maybe they're buying a softer liability at a discount along with that assets and may be the minority investment. So in terms of sizing I think it's -- I dont think it's going to be, I dont think were expecting this to be a massive number in Fund 1, but were exciting to have on the right spend it quickly and then go back for more. And so, I dont know thats the way I would leave it.
Gerald OHara: Fair enough. One more on -- it's been a little while. Maybe if you could give us an update on where the retail offering stand? It's still probably pretty early stages and whatnot, but maybe just early demand or interest or growth prospects within that platform? Thank you.
Leon Black: Yes, Id say that we continue to focus on retail and we're building kind of were committed as a firm to making investments and expanding our coverage of retail, our sales people, weve been spending a lot of time on it. And it does represent 12-ish percent of our investor AUM and youve seen some of the work weve done with some of the sub-advised accounts and so but its early days. Were just hiring people now and so I expect it to be an impact over time. I cant say that, I cant point to large job scenario, obviously we completed the transaction that we walked away from would have been a significant move forward, but now were just building it organically and it's going to take some time.
Gerald OHara: Okay, great. Thank you.
Leon Black: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just following up on Fund VIII, currently 50% committed or deployed, just seems like the pace of deployment here has really accelerated. I think you mentioned some other investors wanted to get in as well on the co-invest. Just curious how you're thinking about the time frame for a successor fund raise, a Fund IX, and if next year would be a reasonable timeframe in what you're thinking about in terms of size?
Leon Black: Yes so next like the way I would answer that is its difficult to predict, but if you just look at it, weve done just trending yourself right and weve done 50% in 2.5 years right. So that's 20% a year. Generally -- as general matter you can hit the road when youre greater than 70% deployed or committed. That would put us a year out-ish, but its hard to predict. And so next year -- end of next year seems like a way to think about it. In terms of size like because of our track record which is 500 to 1,000 basis points higher than everyone else in the large cap space, pretty consistently we typically have been able to raise the amount of capital that we can deploy and so were deploying the Fund 8, right. Its working fine and so I will leave at that. I dont know how to really answer. We tend to take that amount of capital that we can spend wisely and so we look at our pace and investors look at our pace and weve done this fund in and fund out and so they tend to support what were doing and so we will have to make that evaluation at that time, but that should give you a sense at least.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thanks. And just to follow-up on the management business, it sounded like you may have been increasing your guidance there, but I just wanted to make sure I heard you right. I think in the past you quoted about $0.25 a quarter from the management business on a pretax basis in terms of what you think you could do, but I thought I heard you say earlier now in terms of what you're expecting that the $0.25 is now after tax, if you could help me with that?
Leon Black: Yes first of all we dont give guidance. Were certainly not increasing our guidance, but to be very clever with that, look in my opening remarks said $0.25 after-tax. So like that is in the script.
Michael Cyprys: And so that's what we should think about going forward, in terms of what you should be able to hit from here?
Leon Black: Yes.
Michael Cyprys: I think in the past you had spoken about that on a pretax basis. Just thinking between the two comments, to me I would take that as an increase.
Leon Black: Im just reading at this, we can generate approximately $0.25 or more of after-tax cash flow per share on a quarterly basis.
Michael Cyprys: Got it. Okay. Thanks. Just wanted to make sure I heard you right.
Leon Black: Great.
Operator: And thank you. That concludes the Q&A portion of todays call. I will now return the floor over to Gary Stein for any additional or closing remarks.
Gary Stein: Great, thanks operator. Thanks everyone for taking the time to join us on the call today. As we said, please feel free to follow up with Noah or myself with any questions.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude todays call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Stein - Head, Corporate Communications Leon Black - Chairman & CEO Josh Harris - Co-Founder, Senior Managing Director Martin Kelly - CFO
Analysts: William Katz - Citigroup Mike Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Ken Worthington - JPMorgan Robert Lee - KBW Luke Montgomery - Sanford C. Bernstein Devin Ryan - JMP Securities Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Research Michael Cyprys - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Welcome to Apollo Global Management Fourth Quarter and FY '15 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications.
Gary Stein: Thanks operator and welcome everyone. Joining me today from Apollo are Leon Black, Chairman and CEO, Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director and Martin Kelly, CFO. Earlier this morning, we reported non-GAAP, economic net income $0.08 per-share for the fourth quarter and $0.96 per-share for the full year-end of December 31, 2015. Apollo also reported distributable earnings to common and equivalent holders of $0.31 per-share for the fourth quarter and $1.50 for the full-year. We declared a cash distribution of $0.28 per-share for the fourth quarter, bringing the total for the full-year to $1.38 Before I hand the call over to Leon I would like to remind you that today's conference call may include forward-looking statements and projections and we ask that you refer to the most recent FCC filing for factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from these statements and projections, as well as rick factors relating to our business. We don't undertake to update our forward-looking statements or projections unless required by law. We will also be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call which are reconciled to GAAP figures in our fourth quarter and full-year 2015 earnings presentation. This conference call is copyrighted property and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without our consent. As usual, if you have any questions about any information in the earnings release presentation or on this call, please feel free to follow-up with me or Noah Gun. With that I would like to turn the call over to Leon Black.
Leon Black: Thanks Gary and good morning everyone. I would like to focus my remarks on the rationale behind the share repurchase plan that we announced in our earnings release. Then I would like to discuss a few highlights regarding our performance before I turn this call over to Josh, who will provide you with some color on a few of our key business activities. As you know, since our listing on the New York Stock Exchange nearly five years ago, we have paid out substantially all of the quarterly cash flow generated by our business in the form of cash distribution. This policy has yielded cumulative cash distributions of approximately $11.00 per-share over nearly five years which has been very rewarding for shareholders. At Apollo, we pride ourselves as being best-in-class investors. And I believe that is something we've have demonstrated in over more than two decades. To produce outstanding returns for our fund investors, we apply our value orientation and spend a great deal of time searching for attractive investments with the funds we manage. We believe it's our responsibility to apply that same philosophy, diligence and commitment for public shareholders in managing our financial resources. As a firm, we're continually presented with numerous potential areas to invest capital opportunistically and for strategic growth. And at the current price levels for Apollo shares, we see is significantly undervalued company. So we view share repurchases as an accretive use of our capital. As such, given the trading level of Apollo shares in today's volatile markets, we felt it was financially prudent to adopt a share repurchase plan. This action should be viewed as a reflection of our firm belief that the current share price does not in any way capture the inherent strength of Apollo's business model, growth prospects and long-term strategy. The $250 million share repurchase plan includes $150 million earmarked for open market repurchases and $100 million through a reduction of shares to be issued to employees to satisfy tax obligations associated with equity-based awards. Our current expectation is that share repurchases will occur opportunistically over time. The timing and amount of any share repurchases will depend on a variety of factors including, market conditions and other potential uses of capital. The aggregate repurchase plan represents approximately 5% of Apollo's current market capitalization. By introducing share repurchases into the mix, we believe we're using a complementary approach to returning capital to our shareholders that will enhance long-term value, while preserving a very competitive and attractive payout through cash distribution. Before I turn the call over to Josh, I would like to provide some comments regarding Apollo's business performance. As we look back on 2015, there are a few highlights that I want to quickly touch on including the strength of our management business, positive influence of capital and deployment of capital by the funds we manage across our integrated platform. First, the financial performance of our management business remains strong with pretax cash earnings during 2015 of $427 million or approximately $1.04 per-share. We continue to view this has a very solid base of relatively predictable earnings supported by long-dated and permanent capital, that we expect will continue to grow over time. Second, we have continued to solidify our position as a leading global alternative investment manager and drive our business forward through organic fundraising efforts and strategic initiatives among our permanent capital vehicles which collectivity led to more than $20 billion of growth inflows for the year. That figure includes nearly $10 billion of fundraising activity, a year that did not include a flagship private equity fund. This organic growth was driven by our continued success in meeting the strong fund investor demand we're seeing, particularly across the credit spectrum, through raising larger successor vintage funds, bespoke management accounts and newer open-end products which leverage our existing expertise in product diversification. Strategic growth primarily two of a permanent capital vehicles we manage, Athene and MidCap, accounted for nearly another $10 billion of inflows during the year. Athene completed its first deal outside the U.S. annuity market through the acquisition of Delta Lloyd in Germany. In addition, MidCap and innovative, middle-market direct origination platform, grew from less than $2 billion to more than $5 billion during the year, with expectations of reaching approximately $6 billion in total assets by the end of the first quarter 2016. Lastly, we remain committed to our value orientation and continue to identify a variety of attractive investment opportunities. In other words, we have planted many seeds that we expect will drive attractive realization opportunities in the future. Across our integrated global platform we invested more than $13 billion of capital during the year. This was driven by strong activity among all of our businesses, where in a generally over-valued market, we have continued to find what we believe are attractive opportunities in a number of regions and industries. In private equity specifically, our funds deployed more than $5 billion during the year, exceeding our historical annual average of $3 billion to $4 billion. In line with our value orientation, the average creation multiple on investments made by fund eight in 2015, was approximately six times which is four turns below the 2015 industry average of roughly 10 times. Our funds pipeline of committed, but not yet deploy capital approached $2 billion as of December 31st. Through the end of the fourth quarter we have committed 32% of fund date, so we believe we're well positioned to continue to deploy the funds within its investment period. Taking a step back, this is Apollo's 25th year in business. And today my partners and I remain as enthusiastic as ever regarding our potential for future growth and profitability. We have an extraordinary team that is now approaching 1,000 employees, with nearly 350 investment professionals and we all remain eager to drive our business forward. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Josh for some additional comments. Josh.
Josh Harris: Thanks Leon, I would like to continue the call by providing some specific commentary around a few of our key business drivers. Starting with asset growth and fundraising. As Leon mentioned, we generated more than $20 billion of inflows across the platform during the year. Included within that figure is more than $12 billion of inflows in the fourth quarter alone which we believe provides strong momentum heading into 2016. The quarter's activity was led by the acquisitions among some of the permanent capital vehicles. We manage further expanding a large base permanent capital which now stands at $83 billion and represents nearly half of our total AUM. In addition, to Athene acquisition of Delta Lloyd that Leon mention, MidCap completed the acquisition of the majority of a loan portfolio from -- GE capital during the quarter, with a balance of the acquisition expected to close during the first quarter. Our inflows during the fourth quarter also included approximately $400 million from our second natural resources fund which is now up to approximately $1.7 billion in total commitments and the fund is continuing to raise additional capital. We also raise nearly $700 million during the fourth quarter in new or add-on managed accounts which is an area where we continue to see interest among fund investors. In fact, so far during the first quarter of 2016, we have already closed on nearly $1.2 billion of additional managed account mandates. As we have said in the past, by providing fund investors with holistic, unconstrained, credit solutions targeted to their needs, we believe that we're providing a differentiated service that is not easily replicated elsewhere in the marketplace. In addition to these offerings, we expect that a couple of our flagship credit products will be in the market with their third vintage funds during the year, including European principal finance or EPF which is focused on buying assets and businesses from financial institutions in Europe and financial credit investments or FCI which is our insurance link security strategy. Next, I would like to provide some context around investment performance. Given the volatility were seeing in oil prices and the other markets, it is not surprising that a common thread between the markets we saw in [indiscernible] and credit during the fourth quarter, was primarily driven by our fund energy investments. Our fund energy exposure is only 5% of our $120 billion of a AUM and Apollo managed funds and accounts. That figure excludes the non-subadvised portion of Athene. But, as a result of the continued pricing pressure were seeing on energy prices a relatively small proportion of the portfolio, can create a drag on overall unrealized marks. Our traditional private equity fund portfolio depreciated by approximately 2% during the fourth quarter. And if we were to exclude energy-related investments from the private equity funds in the fourth quarter, the funds would have been up approximately 1.5%. Turning to credit, amid a generally soft backdrop we saw many industries post declines during the quarter, with more than $71 billion of Apollo managed funds in our credit business produced a relatively smaller decline of approximately 1% before fees and expenses. If we excluded energy-related investments from the Apollo managed funds within credit, for that same period the performance would have been flat during the quarter. Ironically, the choppy market backdrop which led to mark to market losses which are not realized generally among the funds we manage, that has actually created what we believe to be more attractive opportunities for us to get capital to work. As a result, the total dollars invested in 2015 by funds we manage was strong. If we stopped to take advantage of dislocations of market, we believe are continuing to persist in the current environment. Although the financing markets have all but ceased-up lately for more traditional buyouts, volatile times like these play to the strengths of Apollo's flexible investment model an integrated platform, enabling us to pivot toward stress and distressed opportunities as they begin to emerge. As we sit here today and look forward to the rest of 2016, we're beginning to see the potential for a more distressed investing opportunities than we have seen in the past several years. In fact, given the recent pressure on bond prices, our investment teams have already begun buying debt of selected companies that they have been tracking for years. Historically approximately one third of our funds invested capital and private equity as an example, has been in the area of distressed. To date, funding has invested in relatively small amount of distressed, but we expect this to increase if the current market environment persists and opportunities become more plentiful. We're already beginning to see the acceleration of distressed investment pace and as funded exposure to distress as a percent of invested capital nearly doubled between the third and fourth quarters. Broadly speaking, we believe the combination of our distressed and contrarian investing skill set, our long dated capital and our dry powder is particularly well-suited for today's environment. In certain cases were market values of certain fund investments are falling, but our conviction remains, our funds are buying more to build on existing positions as prices fall and lowering our average cost. While this style of investment can create near-term headwinds in unrealized marks, any [indiscernible] accounting, we believe the potential long-term value creation has proven to be a highly rewarding strategy for our fund investors and shareholders. Taking a step back and looking at where we're today, we have largely gone through our realization cycle over the past three years by monetizing approximately 85% of private equity funds six and seven and also opportunistically monetizing our credit and real estate funds. At this point, with $26 billion of dry power across the Apollo platform, we're more in a deployment mode, particularly given the environment I just described. Now I would like to turn the call over to Martin for some comments on our financial results. Martin.
Martin Kelly: Thanks, Josh and good morning again everyone. Starting with our cash distribution. The $0.28 we declared today, was driven by $0.31 of distributable earnings which resulted from a $0.28 pretax contribution from our management business and a $0.03 pretax contribution from our incentive business. We understand the FCC to be focused at an industry-wide level on the disclosure to fund investors, regarding the acceleration of fees from fund portfolio companies. In connection with an ongoing FCC regulatory matter previously disclosed in our third quarter 10-Q that principally relates to this topic, we accrued a $45 million pretax reserve during the quarter. For comparability purposes, I will speak to the quarters economic earnings excluding the impact of the reserve. On an adjusted basis, we're $96 million of economic income in our management business during the fourth quarter, up from $79 million in the third quarter. The increase was driven by higher management business revenues, as well as sequentially lower expenses. The increase in revenue was driven by rising management fees and transaction fees, while the decrease in expenses was driven by lower compensation costs and lighter than expected placement fees. Turning to the incentive business, the economic loss during the quarter was primarily the result of unrealized marks in private equity. The 2% depreciation in core funds during the fourth quarter, was driven by 1.2% depreciation in private holdings, as well as negative marks on public debit positions. Partially offset by 1.7% appreciation in public equity portfolio company holdings. And is Josh alluded to earlier, public and private energy-related investments combined were 350 basis point headwind on core fund returns during the quarter. In credit, the investment performance of the funds we manage was modestly negative during the quarter, down 1.2% on a gross basis and down 1.4% on a net basis, excluding the non-subadvised assets Athene. Energy-related investments resulted in slightly more than a 100 basis point drag on performance for the quarter. Despite the overall performance figures, the credit business posted carried income during the quarter, due to gains and certain carried generating draw down funds. Within other income we recognize a $16 million increase in the value of our direct and indirect ownership stake of Athene. And lastly on the incentive business, there was a discretionary incentive for compensation accrual in the quarter of a $8.5 million within realized profit sharing expense. Our ENI tax rate was approximately 1% and 3% for the quarter and the full-year respectively, excluding the impacts of the reserve I mentioned. As was stated previously, we expect the tax rate to normalize in 2016, toward our long-term range of 10% to 20% due to the rolloff of certain benefits realized in 2015. To provide even more context, we expect the effective tax rate on our management company to be in the mid-to high teens range. We currently expect our cash tax rate on total distributable earnings to be approximately 10% to 15%. One last point I would like to mention relates to the escrow position of our private equity funds. Based on December 31 fund valuations, there is currently $0.28 per-share of cash that is potentially available for distribution at a future date. As a reminder, escrow is a standard provision in our industry and occurs in our PE funds when the fair value of the remaining investments in the funds falls below 115% of the funds remaining capital. This typically occurs in as a fund gets closer to the end of its life and is holding investments in their later stages. To provide further color on funds six specifically which accounts for the majority of the cash held in escrow, the fund is currently sitting with approximately $3 billion of remaining assets, a $35 million net carry receivable balance and since inception, gross and net IRRs of 12% and 10% respectively. While fund six appears to be relatively close to its 8% preferred return total, the funds remaining assets will depreciate by 44% before the fund entered the phase otherwise known as 80/20 catch-up, where unrealized losses would be disproportionately returned to investors in the fund. With that, we will turn the call back to the operator and open up the line for any of your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first comes from the line of William Katz with Citigroup.
William Katz: Just a little curious with the buyback, just how are you thinking about funding that? And maybe the related question would be sort of you mentioned opportunistic, just given how the stock is behaved over the last year or so, is it safe to assume you're in the market currently?
Leon Black: So in terms of the first question, the reality is, if you look at our balance sheet we have $600 million of cash and then another $500 million of undrawn revolver and so I don't really, that is sort of -- and then we have dividends stream where were only paying out, we don't even payout all of that, we've been not nearly all of it. So the buyback feels very manageable from a liquidity standpoint. And so, the answer is, that would be the answer to the first question. The second question, I would say that we're announcing a buyback. We have not been in the market, but this is sort of the announcement that we may very well be in the market going forward depending on market conditions.
William Katz: Okay. Just a quick follow-up to the second question. You've been making a bit of a push into the retail segment, can you give us an update of where you might stand and where you see the income opportunity?
Leon Black: Yes, I would say that, as we said on previous calls, the retail investor we think it's under weighted rather to alternatives. And particularly relative to yield product, whether that yield the real estate slash credit. Also to a more limited extent in private equity and so there are many ways to access the regional channel. Clearly we've announced some subadvised special situations with people like Oppenheimer and others, that would be the one that we've announced. Clearly there are a lot of high net worth channels. Basically where the major banks provide access to their retail client base. And then more recently obviously, as you know, we had and announce transaction which we did not pursue relative to ARC and RCS and so we looked opportunistically at doing something and that did not work out and you should just read the public disclosure there. And they were obviously in the private BDC slash real estate channel which then go public. So there are many ways to access it and we're doing all of it and building up our capabilities there and building up our own sales team there. Looking forward to continuing to press into that area.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Carrier with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Mike Carrier: Maybe a first question on the fund raising, it's very active particularly on the credit side. I just wanted to get some sense, as the fees are kind of turning on with this type of fundraising. What we should be thinking about in terms of the revenue impact like the fees rates and then the operating margin or the operating leverage in that business. Because FRE it's definitely strong this quarter when you back out that reserve, but given the strength of fundraising just what the outlook looks like?
Martin Kelly: So I would say the fund, the fee structure of new fundraising is consistent with what is named. And so, I don't think there's any sort of noticeable change on that side. And then in terms of funds that we've raised, that are not yet earning fees, of which there's about $8 million, we can look at the pace of deployment that we're experiencing outside and get a sense for how that's wrapping up. I think in terms of margins overall, we remain intently focused on maintaining and improving margins over time. I think the only real risk in any period to that would be unusual placements fees that we might occur on raising successive of funds like EPF three later in the year, but apart from that, I would expect that everything we do is focused on maintaining and improving margins, [indiscernible] basis.
Mike Carrier: Okay. And then maybe for either Leon or Josh, I think when you look at the amount of dry powder and the deployment activity you're picking up, I think a lot of investors will be looking at Apollo as very well-positioned to take advantage some of those opportunities. There's obviously the pressure on the current portfolio and then the time to realize the investments that you're deploying currently. So Josh, you mentioned looking at more of these distressed opportunities versus the traditional private equity types of deals. When you think about the realization time you typically see for those types of investments, are they longer or shorter than typical private equity, trying to get a sense on when you can start to see the benefits there?
Leon Black: This is Leon. So, we been doing this at Apollo now for 25.5 years. We've gone through four market cycles. This one is going to be the fifth. We deployed probably 35% to 40% of our private equity capital overall during down cycles. And frankly, it's had our best returns for the following reasons. Basically, when we put that money to work in distressed situations, about half that capital has turned into longer-term traditional PE deals after a restructuring. That restructuring might take a year to happen and then we've gained control of those companies and manage them and build value and made a lot of money on them. LyondellBasell is one you're all familiar with, but in each of those cycles we've ended up owning four or five companies through that process and been able to buy-in at very attractive prices. In fact they've averaged about of five multiple through the distress process. What makes this so interesting to answer your question is, about half the capital we have put to work in distress, we fail to get control. We fail to get control because either we can get a large enough position which gives us an important seat at the table or maybe at the end of a restructuring process, a third-party comes in and says we will buy at high multiple now that you've cleaned it up. And all of those cases we have made a lot of money on our bond position. And those have been 80% IRRs on average, although over short periods which could be even less than a year and then we get to recycle that capital and use it again. So, distressed as long as you know what you're doing and you're looking at companies that are good companies with bad balance sheets that your delivering through a restructuring process, we have found that either we end up with a prize of having very good leverage buyout transactions of companies we control where we make very nice long-term money or for half of it we make very high returns over a short periods and we redeploy the capital.
Josh Harris: The holding period for the distress businesses a lot shorter. So realizations come quicker. I mean, just to add a little bit, over the last year as we realize about $50 billion and so were largely sold-down in our private equity portfolio there's very little left. There is a little bit of energy obviously which is affecting our margins, but when we look at our portfolio, we sort of feel like were well-positioned to weather the storm and what's left. A lot of liquidity even in the energy, a lot of liquidity, a lot of runway, a lot of hedging, a very low cost reserve positions and so, even though you do get to mark to market volatility in the cycles. What we try to do is position ourselves very defensively on our existing portfolio, not sell it, weather the storm while we're adding on offense and if you look at our numbers you will see that for the first time in years deployment in 2015 were $13 billion and realizations were $8.5 billion so we've flipped now and we're going in a deployment cycle from the several years before the realizations were roughly three times the size of deployments. So we're doing what we have said were going to do and what you should expect us to do which is, we're buying when things get tough -- we're buying low and selling high. I hate to be trite. We sold when the markets were high, now that the markets are low, were slowing down are selling and doing a lot of buying. The reality is, when you look at the fourth quarter, deployments were very, very high. They were as high as they have been. And realizations were as low as low as they have been. So you're going to see I think in some sense, the cycle getting a bit worse it's going to help us create a lot of value even though it may create a few more mark to market losses for us in our existing portfolio which is very small.
Martin Kelly: Just a put a little granularity on that, our last private equity fund was an $18 billion fund that was the largest done of this vintage, the reason for that is, I think there are investors have appreciated that we have had 25 years of 39% growth, 26% net returns. To them going through all of the cycles, investing in good times and bad and doing my Josh just said. One of the reasons we're starting this repurchase program and why I stated earlier that we don't think the current stock reflects in any way what our underlying value is that even though we've had the best-in-class returns in PE for the last 25 years, the market is giving us a negative evaluation frankly today. Negative not even zero for our franchise-leading track record in creating superior returns. In good times and bad. So that's really coming full circle as to why we think this is something that is the right thing to do for our investors, to have a stock repurchase, because if you look at $13.00 a share today and you look there is almost $3.00 on the balance sheet of assets, so you have $10.00 left over, you tell me what the multiple is? It used to be 16 and let's say it's 12. That says your whole incentive fee business, where we're the best in the industry, is being valued negatively which to us is kind of an absurdity, but an opportunity clearly in terms of repurchasing shares.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: Capital deployment picked-up nicely in the fourth quarter as global asset prices corrected. Based on your transactions already announced in 1Q, how do you expect aggregate investing activity too track to 1Q and throughout 2016 at this point?
Josh Harris: It's very hard to predict, because we have a significant private equity, traditional private equity pipeline. But to a large extent, that pipeline is waiting for the financing markets to open up. And right now with given all the volatility in the market the financing markets have not quite opened up yet. They could. But at the same time, we're deploying capital in our distressed for control and our credit business is quite nicely at an expanded pace. So I really can't, because it can literally change, week-to-week, month-to-month and I kind of know in my mind what is out there, it is very hard to be able to give you an accurate answer. I can tell you that if the financing markets do come back, it's likely we will have a very significant quarter. And if they don't, we may have a smaller quarter, but distressed for control will pick up a lot.
Leon Black: I mean once more, we have been through this before. This is 25.5 years, four cycles, this is cycle number five. And we're pretty tried-and-true and proven in being able to traverse these cycles. But underscoring what Josh said, it's very hard to predict quarter-to-quarter. But cycle-to-cycle we feel extremely comfortable.
Josh Harris: You just sort of unfortunately have to, -- the other thing that is going on truthfully is, the liquidity in the market is quite different this cycle than it has been in the last few cycles. And so again, the trading in our distress businesses and our credit businesses is very chunky. It can be literally bond prices or -- prices can move down a huge amount on very little volume and then you buy a little bit and they can spike back up or you can have big chunks come out. And so just the predictability of deployment on a daily or weekly basis it's just unclear.
Leon Black: But in medium -- truthfully if the environment gets worse, deployment will over time go up for us. When you look at, we deployed way more our average deployment, let's just use private equity for a second, our average deployment has been in the $3 billion to $4 billion range. At very high points of the market it can dip in into the two's and during the financial crisis it was eight. And so if, I'm not saying this should be a financial crisis, but if this environment slowdown continues in the financing markets, are deployment will over time directionally be heading up and that will be a good thing for us.
Craig Siegenthaler: And just as my follow-up, on slide 24 you highlight CLO performance, I see the returns are fine, 2% in 2014, 2% in 2015. I'm just wondering, how does this compare versus the benchmark that Athene has for these assets or maybe any insurance total rates that they look at?
Martin Kelly: I can talk to how they perform verses the industry benchmarks, I'm not familiar with Athene benchmarks. The whole end market has been down in the quarter. The leverage line index was off 2% points and we have, although we have underperformed the press, we've outperformed the market generally speaking.
Leon Black: It's pretty good. CLOs have been wacked. This is pretty good performance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: So first, you have some credit AUM out of carry. When you think about getting 300 to 500 basis points back in this type of market, is that possible for 2016 or is that a hard-core fantasy here? And then as we think about the recovery in some of those products, is it something that you manage or do you have to wait for it? I think Josh you talked about adding better investments to the current book. I guess, is that true with credit too and is there enough dry powder in the right funds to get those products back? Sorry, I think is like 20 questions in there but thanks.
Josh Harris: Let's take them apart. First of all, the high-yield market was down 500 basis points. Just the high-yield market last year. The energy high-yield was down 25%. And so it's not, the reality is, it's not our core fantasy at all. The reality is, the credit markets have been -- if you look at benchmark credit single B is up 400 basis points from the low. That's a huge move. So do the math. It's five-year to seven-year duration, it's a big move. It's not a hard core fantasy at all. Liquidity, certainly if liquidity were to come back in the marketplace and if the single B, double B, credit markets would go back to where they were or oil were to come back quickly. It's really not a hard-core fantasy. We're buying a lot of stuff that is getting quite stressed in our credit businesses, as well as our private equity business. And truthfully is no different. At the end of the day, we have more than enough liquidity in our credit businesses to manage through the situation. We have a lot of liquidity in our opportunistic businesses and if anything we've had a lot of, we been really slow at deployment there. And so, I think this is a good situation for us. And what happens is, in this kind of environment our investors because of our brand and because of our expertise, they look to us, this is when people want to add capital. And so, we'll add capital as we start to draw-down liquidity. The reality, the tough thing for us has been not finding the liquidity. It's been finding the investment opportunities and we tend to be one of the few shops where when things get tough -- when things get tough, our institutional investors do pull back a bit. They just do. But with us, you have this counter-cyclical trend where people say okay, we're going to pull-back, but the dollars we have we're going to give to someone like Apollo because we know that they are good at this. So I actually think again, is quite good for our credit and private equity and our real estate business. We operate all of our businesses with the same culture, we're integrated and we operate with this value-oriented culture. And so this is good across the board. I'm not sure if I got everything there but.
Ken Worthington: Good enough. I appreciate that. And this is sort of pie-in-the-sky too but, is a potential for some consolidation for APO or maybe some of the permanent capital funds? Obviously MidCap did the GE book, APO bought some of the CLO managers a few years back.  So as we look at 2016, are these type of acquisitions done in good times or do they start to perk up more in bad times? And do credit managers start to come on the block because they are under pressure because their investments are under pressure? Is there a closet opportunity here for you on a consolidation front?
Leon Black: It's like every other investment, I mean we tend to be value-oriented both for our GP, for the Company, for APO as well as for all of our investing, for our LPs we have the same philosophy. And clearly we don't pay up. It's just who we're. And so when there's pressure in the system, that certainly on a broad level helps us find more value-oriented investment opportunities. It's hard to be more specific than that though, because obviously you have to work through the underlying investments. Certainly when things get tough you need to also be careful and diligent. So I would say broadly it's helpful. But it is hard to be more specific. It's a general statement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee: I apologize if you have gone through this before, but on the third-generation credit funds you touched on earlier. Is it possible to size, give us some sense of what you're thinking about what a next generation will be, relative to the second in terms of size. You're assuming kind of 50%, 20% increases same size. Some sense of that?
Leon Black: It's tough to say. I don't think we want to be putting targets out there at this point. But generally speaking, if you look at that trajectory of our prior credit funds, whether DPF or FCI or script, the trajectory has been where the successful funds have been as large, if not larger than the prior funds. Clearly it will be based on performance of the funds.
Robert Lee: Okay. And then maybe strategic question. If memory serves me, I think similar to Athene asset management that you billed to manage Athene's assets here, I believe in Europe you've been looking at or trying to build something similar whether it's the manage Delta Lloyd assets and portfolio company financial assets. So I'm curious on where that initiative stands and how you're thinking of that as contributing to management fee growth over time.
Leon Black: Yes, it's moving forward and it's something we're excited about and focused on. At this point it's really helping our internal businesses, because what we've done is integrated and created one team that servicing a lot of our businesses in Europe. Whether they be portfolio companies or companies like Athene where we have or companies like Delta Lloyd where we have asset management agreements. But the client capital which is going to generate the management fees is still coming. We focus on setting it up and getting the value proposition right and then we're going to grow it. And so, the expectation is that it will add management fees, but the reason were not emphasizing it today, here and now, is that it's still a work in process in terms of the client business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Luke Montgomery with Bernstein Research.
Luke Montgomery: You sound very guarded about the ability to finance buyout deals. I get that the leverage finance markets have been choppy, but it seems like your comments are a bit more negative than what I'm hearing from some of the peers. Maybe you can just clarify if this is something that's affecting you disproportionately or is it more of an issue for everyone? I would've thought your brand and history would have been a real advantage in this type of financing market.
Leon Black: I think we're just trying to level with you that is a more choppy market. I don't think our deals our harder to finance than anybody else in the industry. And I do think we have terrific relations with our banks and multiple banks. And there are deals that will be financed, there will be deals that will have to be negotiated, because there is a lot of fear among the banking community that they don't want to be stuck with hung loans and they have regulators looking down at them pretty sharply. So there's some fear and anxiety, I think deals will have to have more equity in them in terms of the capital structure and be slightly less levered. And clearly we're in a period again, nothing new versus the past where this can affect pricing and eventually either prices will have to come down or deal flow will be compromised. I think that's just the fact that were being blunt about, but no, I do not think that there's an issue vis-a-vis our peers on Apollo deals. I think if anything, banks respect that what we're able to do in these markets and want to work with us. But it is a choppier market. We're stating the obvious.
Martin Kelly: I would also add that it can literally change in a couple of weeks. So there was a pretty quick and negative sentiment shift in both of fixed income and equity markets over the last few months and that's what's created this. From our point of view, the fundamentals of the market remain similar to what they were last year, but the sentiments got negative and the sentiment can certainly turnaround. There's also a lot of quantitative easing globally. There's a lot of money out there that could come into these markets. So we're just reporting the real-time market data and activity that we see over the last 30 or 60 days. And not in any way prognosticating about where it goes, but just being ready to react either way.
Luke Montgomery: And in terms of thinking about potential risks related to credit marks, the issue of maybe, remind us of how much good of your credit management business fees are price on gross or net asset value. It didn't seem to have much effect, at least not a material one on the credit management fees in Q4. I wanted to revisit the exposure there and maybe you could comment on how material of a risk you think that might be to the stability of FRE, your goal of growing up FRE with the credit business.
Martin Kelly: So there's the Athene assets for which we drive the 40 basis point fee. And that is based on the market value of the assets. The sensitivity from a fee perspective is not great. As I mention that, those assets have a duration of about four years. So if rates or spreads widened or backed-up 100 basis points, that would translate into about $10 million of management fee revenue risk on an annualized basis. Away from that, there's some, but there's not much. And you've actually seen it come through in the Q4 earnings. So I think certainly whatever has happened has been reflected in the results that we've just posted.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP.
Devin Ryan: Just a couple follow-ups here. So first, maybe you could drill down a little bit more into the opportunity and energy. It seems like the opportunities set can be pretty broad with some companies that just can't operate at $30 oil so that could create recap opportunities and then others that just can't support the CapEx, you get some asset sales and attractive prices. With that said, is there a particular area within energy where you guys are currently focused or do you feel like the risk, reward is better today?
Leon Black: I think you said it. It's a very broad opportunity set and there are multiple things going on and I think you've highlighted some of them. There's also JV structures and other things that you didn't talk about. Some companies have too much debt, there's capital structure opportunities and so there's just a lot of pressure in a very capital intensive environment where most people, nearly everyone is cash -- negative at this price and so someone that has a lot of dry powder is a great opportunity. And so were trying to have, to be very flexible as a how we approach it. And certainly the credit, the secondary trading prices of debit are finally starting to get to the point where there interesting in some specific cases. That has not been the case until recently. But it's getting there now. But that doesn't preclude private equity opportunities. So in all of our funds we're pretty active to be honest with you. And it's not really specific. So I would just leave it at that.
Devin Ryan: And then within Athene, you guys have been expanding your funding agreement back-notes business. I know is relatively small, but I believe the capacity is much greater there. I'm curious how fast you can scale that or you want to scale that to a meaningful number and really where you see the capacity there over time?
Leon Black: It's tough for us to speak on Athene's behalf, in terms of the operations of the business and projecting out what their potentially going to do. Clearly to your point, projects speaking of funding agreement back in the [indiscernible] market is an attractive one for them as an avenue of growth. They did their inaugural offering I think in October of $250 million offering which they were able to do now that they have A minus ratings across the board. Clearly they will look to opportunistically use that market going forward, but to try to scale it out or scope it out, it's not something I think we would want to do, we'll leave that for Athene to do going forward.
Devin Ryan: And then with respect to the buyback, I think it would be great to see and clearly you have to start somewhere on a number, but just curious if there is any way or anything we can think about or look at to give us some sense of how the size was determined or a metric to maybe think about where that could go over time. I don't want to put the cart before the horse, but just trying to think about that number.
Leon Black: $250 million is a meaningful number relative to our float. It's between 15% and 20%. It also, as we executed plus or minus, generally will immunized the dilution from employee grants. It was very manageable in terms of our capital structure and our liquidity and our cash, so that's where we're starting and we will see what happens.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Autonomous.
Patrick Davitt: If you look at the evolution of your commentary over the last year or so on the energy marks in PE, it sounds like the private marks have started to become a little bit bigger of a drag than they were earlier in the year when there was more EP energy. Is that a fair perception? If so, what's really driving that? Are the hedges starting to roll off and if that is the case, where do you think we're in that process if prices stay in this range?
Leon Black: I think it's pretty simple. The answer is, the price of energy went from $80, $90, to $50, to $30 and the reality is that the private marks, I won't speak about the specific [indiscernible] marks, but the reality is, the prime marks were based on -- public comps and other things -- amongst other things. And so it totally makes sense that the primary marks are coming down. From a hedge point of view we're between 70%, were greater than 70% hedged in private equity portfolio this year. And so that's down a little bit from last year, but were still substantially hedged and when you look at the overall liquidity of our overall portfolio, we have more liquidity than we have maturities for the foreseeable future. Clearly there are specific companies that have different things going on in which I will not comment on. So our portfolio is in quite good shape, but it does not surprise me, you would expect the private marks to be moving down as a function of the oil prices.
Martin Kelly: I just had, in the quarter the marks on privates and publics were pretty similar actually. And it's really company specific. Most of our PE investments are early-stage EMP and we benchmark them against comps realizing that every company is different. There's a variety of methods that we use to do that, but if you look at what's happened in the last couple of quarters they are similar. Whether you look at debt versus equity and private versus public, what's in our credit business or what's in our B business. It's all thematically, inconsistently down. The one other comment is gas for companies that are tagged as predominantly gas are down more than oil in the recent bust. So that's it.
Leon Black: Sorry to pile on. I would just add as we talked about having gone through a meaningful realization cycle, just the amount of public holdings we have has gone down quite substantially and the value of EP as part of that public portfolio has really gone down significantly already. So that's what you're seeing more of a shift towards some of the private marks having more of an impact.
Patrick Davitt: And Josh, the comment on the 70%, does that mean you're hedged for the full-year?
Josh Harris: That's an aggregate figure for all of our companies and a private equity portfolio. It's an aggregate comment on percentage their hedged for this year, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys, Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Just a follow-up question here on the buyback. So it seems your buying-back some of the stocks issued here to employees that satisfying tax obligations. Just curious how that's change from what you had done in the past, what some of the mechanics were around that and how you are thinking about the timeframe for using of that $100 million component, equity based component with this year of about $62 million, I think last year was about $100, so is this maybe like a year or a year and a half or so on that component?
Martin Kelly: We've been buying back or net-share selling for the last year or so. And we've made that decision each quarter and now we're sort of formalizing that as part of the announcement we made this morning.  If your questions getting at the share count and how that evolves over time. As we look forward, if we were to net share settle and our share programs remain the same which we currently expect, then each year our share count would step up by about 2 million shares, so there's about a half a percentage point of dilution per-year, in our share count if we [indiscernible]. With the program we announced this morning, that gets us into year three of what we see as net share settles three years from now.
Leon Black: It hasn't really changed. If formalized we continue to be able to have flexibility to make the decision every quarter. I think we're indicating that -- we're indicating where we're headed today, given the current stock price. And I think also, obviously that minor dilution Martin talked about would be offset by any shares we buy-back into the market. It would be non-employee.
Michael Cyprys: And if I could ask just a follow-up here on some of your earlier deployment commentary, it seemed like that did pick up a little bit in the quarter. But just from here, what sign posts are you looking for to deploy capital even more aggressively from here, we see credit spread gap out concerns around liquidity and the marketplace, we've seen oil prices collapse, I guess how much more to market you need to pull back or what do you see happen from here?
Leon Black: Again, we have returned targets in each of our funds. We're absolute return players and when we think that the market prices or the prices where we can transact are below levels that allow us to achieve our returns, we buy. And so, what you're seeing is the aggregate of all of those decisions. There's hundreds or even thousands of those decisions and the reality is, yes when things get tough, since we tend to think about things over the medium-term or the long-term in terms of we've locked up capital and we're looking at returns over a period of time. When you see short-term disruptions in the marketplace which pushed down prices that tends to create more investment opportunities. So naturally, investment flow ticks up and you see us with greater volume of deployment. But that is the way we approach it and it's hard to really predict, again was is going to happen, but certainly lower prices, lower values, are better.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions. That concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I will now return the floor to Gary Stein for additional and closing remarks.
Gary Stein: Thank you, operator and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. As we noted earlier, if you have any questions please feel free to follow up with Noah Gunn or me.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Stein - Head of Corporate Communications Martin Kelly - CFO Josh Harris - Co-Founder, Senior Managing Director
Analysts: Ken Worthington - JPMorgan Mike Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Luke Montgomery - Bernstein Research Robert Lee - KBW Glenn Schorr - Evercore ISI Devin Ryan - JMP Securities Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Michael Cyprys - Morgan Stanley Chris Harris - Wells Fargo Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Eric Berg - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Apollo Global Management's 2015 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation all callers will be placed in a listen-only-mode and following management prepared remarks the conference call will be opened for questions. This conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications.
Gary Stein: Thanks operator and welcome everyone. Joining me today from Apollo are Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director and Martin Kelly, Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this morning, we reported non-GAAP economic net income of $0.26 per share and distributable earnings to common and equivalent holders of $0.36 per share for the third quarter of which $0.35 per share was declared as a cash distribution. Before I hand the call over to Josh, I wanted to remind you that today's conference call may include forward-looking statements and projections, and we ask that you refer to our most recent SEC filings for factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements and projections, as well as risk factors relating to our business. We don't undertake to update our forward-looking statements or projections unless required by law. We'll also be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, which are reconciled to GAAP figures in our third quarter earnings presentation. This conference call is copyrighted property and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without our consent. As usual, if you have questions about any information in the earnings presentation or on this call, please feel free to follow up with me or Noah Gunn. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director of Apollo Global Management.
Josh Harris: Thanks Gary and good morning, everyone. Despite a challenging and complex market backdrop during the third quarter in which we saw weak equity markets, SMP down 8%, sluggish credit markets with leveraged loans and high yield down low to mid single digits and ongoing volatility in energy with oil down 25%. The funds we managed performed relatively well and we continue to identify opportunities for growth at Apollo. I would like to focus my remarks this morning on providing you with an update on a few key business drivers and some of our active strategic initiatives. Starting with fund raising we generated inflows of approximately $3.3 billion during the quarter, which came from a variety of our investment strategic across the Apollo platform and reflect a continued growth and diversification of our business. We received $1.3 billion of commitments from the first closing of our second natural resources fund in private equity, which remains in the market and already exceeds the total size of our first natural resource fund. As announced previously, we received another $500 million from our strategic relationship with Texas Retirement System towards a $1 billion credit mandate. Our success in delivering differentiated returns through customized managed accounts led to two new credit mandates in the quarter from two large non-U.S. pension funds totaling approximately $540 million. In addition, existing mandates added $150 million to their accounts. We had a $450 million final close to our third structured credit recovery fund, bringing the total fund size to approximately $1.2 billion meaningfully larger than its predecessors. We also continue to see net inflows into some of our open ended strategies including our credit hedge fund and total return fund. The public commercial mortgage REIT we manage ARI raised $350 million in a private stock transaction with a sovereign wealth fund during the quarter. Lastly, we've begun to scale up our three retail oriented sub advisory mandates, which include Oppenheimer, Waddell & Reed and K2. Today Apollo's credit funds are sub-advising on approximately $100 million for those mutual funds with the opportunity to sub-advise on additional assets as these funds grow. Turning to capital deployment, we invested $3.9 billion across the platform during the quarter, deployment and private equity totaled $1.4 billion where funds we mange closed on simultaneous acquisitions of Protection 1 and ASG, two alarmed services companies. The funds we manage also made follow-on investments in select distressed situations as well as in our fund's portfolio of energy related asset build-ups. In credit, the funds we manage deployed $1.8 billion across a variety of strategies including ERP and distressed lending, CLO debt and equity, private lending, syndicated bank loans, mezzanine lending and energy debt. One example of the different ways in which we pursue investment opportunities is Alteri, which is a joint venture from last year to focus on distressed and distressed retail situations in Europe. This Group is led by a number of retail industry veterans and has already completed several transactions and continues to evaluate a number of potential investments. In real estate our funds and accounts deployed more than $600 million, primarily in commercial real estate debt investments. Across the Apollo platform, our funds currently had nearly $30 million of dry powder available to invest and we continue to evaluate an active pipeline of opportunities to put additional capital to work. Since the funds we manage generally have long dated capital investment horizons, we believe that the recent market volatility creates value oriented opportunities increasingly opens up potential stressed and distressed investments that will unfold over the months ahead in a number of industry verticals. During these times, you should expect our contrarian investment to drive us to lean into situations from which others may shy away. In certain cases, where market values are falling but our conviction remains, our funds are buying more to build on existing positions at a lower average cost. Those demonstrated by our long-term track record of private equity this contrarian verge has proven to be a highly rewarding strategy and is a hallmark of our investment style. One current example is the energy sector, an area in which we have deep industry and technical expertise. During this period of dislocation, we're replacing of the underlying commodity has declined significantly, but industry participants haven't yet fully absorbed the impact. We're tactically picking our spots and working to identify buying opportunities. We continue to believe this is a very attractive area to be raising and investing capital and our expectation is that the opportunity set we're deploying will expand over the next 6 to 18 months. I would like to highlight two additional growth opportunities our clients pursued during the quarter, which we believe are strategic to the Apollo platform. One growth initiative we've discussed previously is MidCap. MidCap's financial penetration into middle market directly originated credit space. The third quarter MidCap had $3.6 billion of assets. They recently announced the acquisition of an asset portfolio from General Electric and Mubadala. This is expected to close in the fourth quarter and will double the size of their balance sheet taking it up to approximately $7 billion. We remain very optimistic about the growth trajectory of this vehicle since MidCap has plenty of runway to continue to grow organically and strategically. Moreover the Mubadala GE transaction will provide another opportunity for MidCap to raise additional equity and debt for this permanent capital vehicle. Another growth initiative is Athene, which continue to execute on its business plan and drive value creation. With sequential increase in its valuation this quarter, reflects the demonstrated evolution and success of their business model and a number of other recent milestones, including recent upgrades with the team now having an A minus rating form S&P, Fitch and AM Best having A reading from S&P, Fitch and AM Best. Completion of its first acquisition in the German market, the issuance of its inaugural funding agreement tax note, which provide the team with another channel for future organic growth, substantial progress in the completion of its financial remediation project, which allows for the issuance of its 2014 and Q2 2015 Cap financials. And very importantly key senior hires including Bill Wheeler, who joined as President after spending 17 years at MetLife where he served most recently as President of the Americas, and Martin Klein who will be joining the team in next few weeks as CFO after serving in that same capacity at Genworth. We believe that the various strategic initiates were pursuing represent powerful examples of our ability to innovate and navigate complexity and to ultimately drive growth and diversification in full power. I would like to wrap up my comments by reemphasizing a point we stressed on our last call. We've been very focused on growing the Management business, contribution, the overall profitability of the Firm. Particularly it's set to provide a steady and predictable source of cash flow. We believe that the strategic growth initiatives at MidCap and Athene are supportive of this pursuit. The revenues we generate in our Management business are primarily derived from management fees we earned from long live data we manage more than $75 million of which are in permitted capital vehicles as of September 30. Year-to-date our Management business is on pace to generate more than $1 per share of annualized cash flow, which in the context of our current share price represents a predictable base yield of nearly 5.5%. This is the highest base yield in our peer group on a comfortable fee related earnings metric. It has also more than doubled the forward yield of the S&P 500, which stands at 2.3% and meaningfully above the average traditional asset manager at 3.2%. This strong level of stable steady earnings is before any of the upside cash earnings potential from our incentive business where we have more than $80 million of carry eligible assets under management. To highlight the strength of our Management business to a slightly different lines according to company reports all but one of the public traditional asset managers that have recorded results for the third quarter, thus far has reported net outputs with an average sequential decline in totally AUM of 6% and related average sequential declines in management fees of 3%. Today we reported net inflows and sequential growth in our fee generating AUM of more than 2% and stable management fee revenue. These data points highlight the inherent strength of our business model and the resiliency of our core earnings stream. I believe that the market will develop a greater appreciation for these important characteristics over time, not just for Apollo, but the sector as a whole. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Martin for additional comments. Thanks.
Martin Kelly: Thanks Josh and good morning again, everyone. Starting with our economic earnings for the quarter, in the Management business we earned $79 million of economic income down from $92 million in the prior quarter. The sequential decline was primarily driven by the absence of some non-recurring transaction fees earned in the second quarter as well a modest increase in compensation cost as we continue to build out the platform. We currently expect to incur placement fees in the range of $6 million to $8 million in the fourth quarter, principally related to our second natural resources fund. Third quarter non-compensation expenses included various deal related expenses totaling $5 million related to our previously announced transactions with AR Global and RCS Capital. The closing of these transactions remain subject to the satisfaction of a number of conditions. We incurred $4 million in the second quarter and we expect to incur additional expenses in the fourth quarter relating to these transactions. Turning to the incentive business, in private equity the 3.7% depreciation in core funds during the quarter was driven by 13.5% depreciation in publically traded portfolio company holdings, partially offset by 2.3% appreciation in private holdings. Excluding energy related investments, the most significant of which is EP Energy, the publicly traded holdings of our private equity funds would have been flat for the quarter and the overall portfolio would have appreciated by approximately 3%. In credit the investment performance of the funds we manage was modestly negative during the quarter down 80 basis point on a gross basis and down 90 basis points on a net basis excluding the non-sub advisory assets of Athene. If we excluded energy-related unrealized losses from the Apollo managed funds within credit for the quarter, performance would have improved by approximately 100 basis points. Due to negative marks in certain of our funds this quarter we had approximately $6 billion of carry eligible assets within credits move below that hurdle. The majority of these assets are in credit hedge funds and CLOs. In total we have $19 billion of invested carry eligible credit assets that stood below their hurdle or high water mark as of September 30. Nearly $11 billion of these assets are less than 2.5% away from reaching their respect hurdles at which point those assets would again become carry generated. Lastly on the incentive business, there was a discretionary incentive full compensation accrual in the quarter of $21 million within realized profit sharing expense. Next I would like to provide some additional information on Athenes' impact on our results this quarter. First within other income in the incentive business we recognized a $92 million increase in the valuation of our direct and indirect ownerships with Athenes. The 20% increase in Athene's valuation quarter-over-quarter was driven by the various factors Josh highlighted during his remarks. In dollar terms Apollo's 9.2% economic interest in Athene resided at $566 million on our balance sheet as of September 30. Now that this amount excludes the $178 million gross carry interest receivable related to AAA as of September 30 that we expect to be paid in shares of Athene at a future date. Next the percentage of Athene related assets sub-advised by Apollo or invested in Apollo managed funds or accounts was approximately 24% or $14.6 billion as of September 30. We expect to sub-advice assets under management to continue to increase gradually over time as long as we continue to perform well and providing asset management services to Athene and also indentify opportunities to redeploy their investment portfolio. Lastly, regarding Athene, you may have seen that they closed on the acquisition of Delta Lloyd Deutschland early this month, their first non-U.S. acquisition, which added $6 million of assets to their balance sheet. We're in discussions with DLD for Apollo to provide asset management services. Please note however that we expect the scope and associated fees for such services to be less than the existing arrangement with Athene Asset Management. With regards to our cash distribution the $0.35 we declared today was driven by a $0.24 per-tax contribution from our management business or $0.25 net of one-time deal related expenses and $0.10 of net cash carry of which $0.04 resulted from a tax related distribution from fund sake. One last point, I would like to mention relates to the escrow position of our sorry, escrow physician of our private equity funds, funds fixed from ASG and escrow as of September 30 and has approximately $0.27 of cash in escrow potentially available for distribution at a future date. As a reminder escrow is a standard provision in our industry and occurs when the fair value of the remaining investments in the fund falls for 115% of the fund's remaining capital. This typically occurs as a fund gets closure to the end of its life and is holding investments in their later stages. Given the negative unrealized mark-to-market adjustments within the private equity portfolio during the third quarter, Funds V, VII, and ANRP were also in escrow as of September 30. The largest fund of the Group Fund VII has an escrow ratio of 110% and would require approximately 4% of appreciation to fully exit its escrow position. With that well turn the back to the operator and open up the line for any of your questions.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ken Worthington of JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. In terms of MidCap, I guess maybe how should we think about the growth their going forward and is Athene maybe a good analogous situation where kind of shut out with an idea in assets it grows through some big chunky deals where was the GE transaction and growth for GE and that type of growth kind of a one-off? And then maybe talk about next steps for MidCap, does it go out and raise equity right now and wait to set out the next deal or could there be other steps? Thanks.
Martin Kelly: Yeah, I think it is somewhat -- its hard to predict large chunky acquisition, but there are some out there. Clearly GE was a very large chunky transaction and maybe the largest and highest quality, but there is definitely a step out there. It is an analogous situation in terms of there just being lots to do and lots of growth and certainly we're going to continue to rise. There is a lot of interest in MidCap from our investors and this is -- this plays on a lot of things we've been talking about, which is that the banks to a largest extent are moving back from the space which is middle market, senior secured lending and so MidCap is stepping right into that void and between the returns that you can earn on the assets and a little bit of a leverage you can get, you can generate very, very attractive returns for investors. And so the investors are interested in supporting that and so we will -- and the platform that weve designed is an advantage over others trying to get in space. So I think weve got a critical mass. We have a great Management Team. We have lot of investor interest and there are lots of people getting out of the business. So I think all of that will allow us to grow their platform quickly.
Ken Worthington: Thanks and then maybe in terms of your thoughts on capital return I think this is something that you've been maybe contemplating, the stock price is depressed, KKR just kind of re-jiggered its way of returning capital to investors. So as you kind of think about where the stock price is, how much cash you're generating and what the opportunities are, any thoughts is there -- do you think there is still merit in maybe contemplating a change or is the current path really the obvious right path? Thanks.
Martin Kelly: We've thought about buybacks a lot and there are some pluses and minuses from our point of view. On the one hand, our stock is clearly undervalued with really no value. The way I think about it there is no value ascribed in the incentive business at this point. Thats not withstanding $80 billion that we can put in some of which is in the money and generally weve gone to these cycles before and I know it all it may a unnerve everyone when you see us go out of -- go into escrow, but the reality is we've seen this multiple times before and I have to really scratch my head and think about any situation. There is a very few situation where we haven't ended up and carrying these funds because this is what we -- this is what do and this is what we're good at. And so the fact that there is no value to our incentive business is very frustrating and therefore, the stock is undervalued. So we have to consider buybacks. On the other hand we have a number of potential strategic uses for our cash and while we have $850 million of cash on our balance sheet, we currently need $650 million to fund the future commitments. And I appreciate those commitments are over time, but we like our ratings on that and we're going to be managing the AGMs balance sheet fiscally prudently and look to not have downgrade and so therefore, weve got all these opportunities to substantially grow the platform strategically and we dont have an endless supply of cash. And so we have to balance our opportunity set with our buyback and in addition we've been working to increase our profit flow, which is now at 30% and I know as someone has spend a lot of time with many investors on the phone, I know that there is debate whether that matters or doesnt matter, but I can tell you, it does matter. It does matter to some of the larger investors that want to get positions in our stock and so in that -- from that perspective, buybacks would be counterproductive and so we're constantly thinking about it but at this point we're going to stay the course. I would just point out we have been net share settling with employee stock distributions because a lot of our employees, some of their comp is in stock and that's akin to a share buyback because you issues shares net of taxes instead of issuing gross shares and letting them sell in the market. And we spent about $75 million over last three quarters to fund this and the effect of this is that we're lowering our share account quarter to quarter. So I appreciate thats not -- there is no drum, there is no trumpets like a buy back, but the reality is we are buying back stock and I think in a more technically efficient way if you will. So thats my longwinded answer, but it is -- its a question that we're constantly contemplating.
Ken Worthington: Awesome. Thank you for the comments.
Martin Kelly: Thanks Ken.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier of Bank of America, Merrill Lynch.
Mike Carrier: Thanks guys. Just on the distribution may be outlook I just wanted to get your thought when you think about the funds that are in escrow versus looks like the management business we're seeing more growth than we have over the past maybe two years. And then even on the incentive business just wanted to give your thoughts on like what portion of that particularly maybe on the credit side that could be viewed as more like recurring where you dont have to sell something to drive that on it could be like interest dividends versus something that is going to be like transaction oriented.
Martin Kelly: Sure, so Mike its Martin. I'll answer that. I guess there is three components to the distribution as you know. So firstly on the management business, I think we've pretty clear about our focus on, on growing management company revenues, maintaining or improving the margin over time and increasing the cash earnings coming out of the Management company in sort of predictable manner that creates a source to the yield. So thats management company fees. So on GE Funds, the surety of the funds we have is all quite different from each other. Funds VI as in escrow, its got a small handful of investments that are barbell in terms of their performance and I really expect the Funds VI in escrow for quite some time. If we sell as I think as I think you know Escrow is affected by changes in value and the sequence in which you sell assets and whether those assets are sort of above cost or below trust. And so as we look forward, and our view changes from time to time as we look for Fund VI is probably in Escrow for the foreseeable future. Fund VII is a different story. Fund VII in escrow last quarter was above 130% and it dropped to 110% this quarter, really for two reasons. One was marks on the publics mostly ET which dropped by 10 points and then we get a dividend recap on wholesales which was sort of the high value to loan cost sale. And so its 110%, it could easily come out escrow based simply on marks. And then its $5 million of running in the ground in fund seven to the highest over time. 70% of it is private and so there is a much larger number of companies in the portfolio. So there is a healthy amount of realizations to come forecasting something that we do, but it changes, but I feel quite -- its certainly a possible case for that to come out escrow is simply based on marks given that the price changes for that. So thats GE. And then on credit, we look at the returns that we quote the 80 basis point overall loss in credit was net marks and carry of coupons. If you look at the construction of assets -- carry assets in the credit, this $45 million of carry eligible assets in credit and a bit under 40% of that today is in carry and a bit more than 40% of that is invested that has carry potential. And you can see in the earnings release we stratify the appreciation as needed to get assets back into carry. We do that for funds that are more than 24 months old. If you do it for old funds, we have about $11 million of a AUM in credit thats within 250 basis points getting into carry. We also have a number of funds in credit that have annual resets on that hurdle and so the reset we have in San Juan and next year and so when you throw all that together to get meaningful distributions out of credit we have to get the assets back into carry. Some of the marks in the coupon has to exceed the press which is on average 6% to 8% and there is a lot of served money in the ground dry powder that can and sure will carry over time that is dependent on getting assets back into carries or the annual reset funds sort to earning that if you like by 2% a quarter.
Josh Harris: Let me just give my take on it like outside simplified it is $81 million of carry eligible AUM. We have all this in our earnings release. Round numbers a third of it is currently generating carry. Round numbers a third of it is un-invested and round numbers a little less than a third or the balance is not currently generating carry. Most of that is likely to generate carry. So I think fund 6 is a successful fund, its largely realized, its relatively small. So again just having lived through cycles before Id be very surprised if ultimately a lot of that doesnt generate carry and so I view this to a large extent as temporary. I remember where our funds were marked during the financial crisis and it was -- this is not even -- it was wildly significantly more below carry hurdle and all of those funds ended up generating carry. And when youre a contrarian investor and again there is no -- I cant predict the future, but when youre a contrarian investor and you're buying into debt guess what happens? You actually have some mark-to-market losses and that affects the value of your funds. And so this is just what we do and so but -- so we'll just have to prove it over time. But weve done it for the last 25 years and its one of the reasons why our returns are consistently above our peers and why our LPs consistently come back to our funds.
Mike Carrier: Okay. Thats helpful and then just on the -- I guess on the deployment side, this quarter activity picked up and then it looks like even the pipeline is pretty active. Just wanted to get your sense, it seems like the credit markets or the financing markets are a little bit more challenging. Just wanting to get your sense both because on the private equity side and the credit side youre active just what you guys are seeing and when youre deploying that capital how the terms are shaping out?
Josh Harris: Yes both the high yield market and the bank debt market backed out. Certainly the high yield market has come back a bit and -- during the volatility in the high yield market and even the bank debt market backed up it hasnt really retraced that much. That unnerved a bunch of people and so it led to a bunch of investments and even distressed, which has been not very interesting, I'll be honest with you. It took a leg down. A bunch of credits that were on above or took a leg down and weve been buying for the first time really -- weve been dipping in tail in distress and buying some stuff. And so you are -- the volatility in the credit markets is allowing us to put capital to work in more interesting situations. I think from our point of view, we would rather have another leg down that would be helpful. And so its not -- it's certainly not the flood gates haven't opened in distress but were starting to see some interesting stuff final. And what needed to happen is a bunch of the people that have short term unlocked up capital needed to be cleaned out and lose money. And I think thats happened. I think particularly in energy and natural resources, when you look at it there was a leg down in oil, everyone ploughed right into some of the stress credit names and guess what? The leg down continued and got worse and people lost a bunch of money and so that let to unwinding of certain things and not only in energy but across the Board and you saw some larger financings and I want to comment on specific names get backed up. And so were sitting there with a lot of capital waiting and when things get backed up today even in the double BB space they get backed up materially because the liquidity in the system if you will is lower and so they have to back up into opportunistic territory and so things can go from a 6% price tag to 10% price tag pretty quickly. And thats where BB credits and thats where things get interesting and so were seeing some of that, but the reality is the last week or two of the markets have been this month's been a rally. So again youre seeing volatility and so forth and so on and were just -- were taking advantage of it where we can on a daily basis and certainly it does help our deployment.
Mike Carrier: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Luke Montgomery of Bernstein Research.
Luke Montgomery: Hey, good morning guys. Just coming back to the comments you made just a second ago about the deployment in the energy sector, if I hear you correctly you think were now in the cusp of the credit problems you wanted to see to accelerate your interest in the space. And then I guess along with that, assumingly you are there, how would you think about allocating those deals to fund 8% beside natural resources fund you just closed?
Josh Harris: Yeah, well first of all, we never wish credit -- credit woes on anyone, but I think the market volatility in energy, which has gone on for longer than people expect it. So I would say here is what I would answer which is the price of oil went down a lot more than the price of debt and the price of assets and the cost of debt and the price of equity. And so what you saw last year was almost a halving of the price of oil, but yes the equity markets and the debt markets didnt react to it and there was a lot of issuance and that allowed many of the companies to mandate their liquidity needs and for some period of time the people that actually bought all that have been really -- that has -- that's been marked down pretty materially. And so the markets to a large extent now are much more discerning about energy names and so we are starting to see more interesting things happen, but again its not -- its not a full flood gate yet, but were starting to see it and the capital intensity of these companies is large enough that they have to keep either selling assets or issuing debt or equity to survive or if you cant slow down your capital programs enough in many cases to outrun those needs without really hurting your business. And so certainly its helping us and its helping us not in the U.S. the two funds you managed are private equity funds and its pretty simple with those funds. In the case of those private equity funds, they buy private equity or they buy distressed for control and in the distressed for control space in energy its still -- its not a flood gate, but there are some things to do and they allocate pro rata. They allocate based on the desired position size relative to those funds. Its a whole objective process that we run here. But you didnt in your question referenced like our credit business, which is either distressed not for control or stressed or even performing credit that might back up. The BB example of that goes from 6 to 10 and were also -- were seeing almost as much or more opportunity in that area but it's across the Board in the case of energy and so we're -- I think we will see more opportunity. And the good news from our point of view is that not a lot of people -- its very hard to read a financial statement and understand an oil company or a gas company because what really matters you can understand some of it, but the actual scientific research you have to do on the underlying reserves in the ground and the engineering you have to do is not readily available to all players. And so I think we believe that having all these people in the field allows us to do research that is very difficult to do and provide us an advantage in discerning which companies have good reserves and which companies have higher cost reserves. And so that advantage we think will reflect in our ability to buy those companies that will do well in a lower priced oil and gas environment versus the market and so therefore, we think we have some alpha here, but well obviously have to prove it by generating returns.
Luke Montgomery: Okay. Thanks, really helpful. And then I realize its still very early days, but as you said with the AR Capital acquisition for bit longer, has anything changed in your thinking about strategic possibilities and how that will help you scale on real estate? What challenges are you working through and then any thoughts on inorganic opportunities get more involved in opportunistic real estate equity.
Martin Kelly: Yeah, thanks for the question on AR, I'll just say that at this point as we noted in our prepared remarks, the deal is still subject to a number of closing conditions and so really can't say anything beyond what was said in the press release and the presentation that we posted back in August in terms of opportunistic real estate. Take that one Josh.
Josh Harris: Yeah, opportunistic real estate, we continue to find opportunities in various platforms Apollo whether it would be certainly Id say the most interesting part from our point of view of opportunistic real estate were finding in Europe in commercial real estate where large portfolios of assets are being solved at discounted Cap rates because of some of the regulations that are hitting the banks there. And so your ability -- so we have the ability to transact across dozen 100s in some cases thousands of properties at the same time. We have that capability and so as a result of being able to buy in bulk, were getting pretty discounted Cap rates. Id say in the U.S. there is selective opportunistic real estate opportunities. Some of the core markets are getting at this point in the cycle as you might expect relatively fully valued who are playing in some cases we think the arbitrage between some of the core markets and some of the secondary markets is interesting and were looking at some of those secondary markets.
Luke Montgomery: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee of KBW.
Robert Lee: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. The first one I guess is simple kind of big accounting question from Martin just those to get in the quarter, the other payables to drive the distribution were essentially zero compared to where they had been running kind of year-over-year. So is there -- should we expect that there will be a step-up in that in Q4 that obviously would have some impact on the Q4 distribution?
Martin Kelly: Thanks Ron. I guess there is a couple of factors that go into the difference that you know. The primary one is balance sheet returns. So when we earn money from our own balance sheet, we tend to not distribute that, but hold it to reinvest back in the cycle. And during the quarter there wasnt much of it. So that drove a high fair rate on distributable cash flow. I think over the time, I would refer to a more normalized payout rate or sort of low 90s, 90% low 90s but we dont target a payout rate. Necessarily we just look at it in terms of balance sheet returns and then hold them back and that derives it.
Robert Lee: Actually I think I was actually referring to and I apologize for not being clear on Page 10, where you go through the shareholder distribution, the taxes and payables, last year they were $68 million. Year-to-date this year they're essentially zero. So those kind of roll down to the dividend the distribution, so should we think there will some step-up in that?
Martin Kelly: Yes, so that goes to our overall tax profile which, I guess the difference year-on-year is two things. And it affects both our ENI tax rate and our cash tax rate. One is last year as you recall we were running a significant transaction fee from Athene which was non-cash but taxable. So we had to pay taxes on that. We dont have that this year and then this year we have a series of deductions for compensation that was awarded to employees many years ago back when the 144A transaction was done and it's just finally sort of investing in being delivered and it's tax deductible now. So there is -- there is a skew between the two years for that reason. Going forward I go back to the comments we made at the Investor Day, which is turn all the time. ENI tax rate I would expect to be in 10% to 20% range and the cash tax rate high single digits to sort of light double.
Robert Lee: Okay, Thanks and then maybe as a follow up, I guess I apologize, I think I missed Joshs comment earlier, but I guess I am trying to understand the write up and being in the quarter, particularly since if I look at AAA it was actually down, understanding there are two different securities, but since AAA still a predominant asset, it is being I guess I was a little surprised it would be that write up in the quarter.
Martin Kelly: So a lot has happened at Athene in a short space of time and all the factors that Josh outlined in his prepared remarks around the Management Team ratings from the three agencies accessing the new distribution channels first funding agreement bank notes and catching up the financial segments and so the state of the company has evolved from a rolled up series of blocks into a operating company thats preparing for an IPO. So we moved off what we had --- the method we use to value Athene which was embedded value to a book value and multiple and so all of those factors combined to create that surplus in the value.
Robert Lee: Okay. Great, and then if I could maybe just one last question, I guess maybe kind of a strategic question, so you talked about some of the initiatives and more liquid strategies with Lockdales, Oppenheimer, K2 as asset growth opportunities. But conceptually, I guess I am thinking there is a open and mutual fund asset or there is a potential for a lot of assets. Its certainly an inferior asset to all the permanent capital vehicles you talked about more modest feel that's less permanent. Open up to more volatile flows, some extent maybe user's capacity in terms of your team's time. Is it -- how do you really think about that besides obviously the asset growth, but is it really something that you really want to grow a lot or have a nice add on but I guess I kind of struggle with that a little bit.
Martin Kelly: Yes, Okay. So most of our -- I would say that there are -- most of our capital is in more locked up structures and some of it is stressed to stress like the sort of higher octane moral alpha line and stuff. There is a real opportunity though in the BB, BBB space and we're not subject to like almost none of our vehicles have -- I think I'll actually go sort of none of our vehicle, none, had daily liquidity. So in certain cases the assets that we're buying particularly the higher credit quality assets from our point of view, which are cross over BB, BBB even into single A. Those things actually are quarterly lock-ups for that with some panel but we believe that that structure is logical and makes sense and we think we can make money. So we are not even in the context of some of the small amount of sub advising we're doing with mutual funds, we're pretty careful up to not mismatch the assets that we own and the liabilities and so were not really taking the same redemption risk at a mutual fund, risk is -- we're not subjecting ourselves to the type of redemption that a large mutual fund complex would have to deal with.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr of Evercore ISI.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thanks very much, just one quick follow-up on the Athene mark, just curious what book multiple are you using and more importantly will it slow with public comps now quarterly now that you're on that valuation though process.
Martin Kelly: Hi Glenn its 1.2 times booked and that is benchmarked against public comps.
Josh Harris: Yeah, I would point to the AAA financial statements which are posted up on the Apollo alternative assets website the financial proposed last night was actually pretty lengthy description in there about the valuation methodology and the 1.2 times book valuable and that's on Page 34 of the financials.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. No problem. I was just curious on that and then on real estate I think my first glance was well in that market to be up 4.6% and the quarter is pretty good, it is that a function of just being in some of the right REIT sectors, which did well in the quarter just curious what drove the good real estate performance.
Martin Kelly: It was specific properties that are quite seasoned and are either nearing an exit or this good comps that we can look to value them. So it's not particular to a particular REIT sector, but its individual assets that we earn that is decent transparency around comps.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan of JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Hi, thanks. Good morning, maybe just a bigger picture question, so first potential of higher interest rates. I know you guys been addressed it but it seems that the market perception is still that higher interest rates will create a headwind for the business in aggregate. So I guess maybe if you can help us walk through some of the various parts of the business that will be impacted and how much Management actually goes around preparing for whether rates will raise or even on the other hand managing for lower for longer environment?
Josh Harris: Look again so just going through it in private equity whether it would be real estate or if higher rates mean less about less liquidity and less availability of financing, generally what happens there is that the purchase price multiples like ultimately follow that. A lot of what's driving what is kind of an overvalued environment as actually I believe and have said many times is the excess liquidity in the market starting with the quantitative easing that's going on. And so what even the perception of rates going to go up, creates volatility and pull back in the credit markets which ultimately helps across credit immediately because we buy stuff at higher returns and private equity over time because prices come down and so where would obviously hurt is that. And so if you think -- let me tell you how much management goes into it, the answer is that we've been preparing for it for five basically -- were basically through the excess distribution cycle. Now we're in the asset accumulation cycle. And so clearly weve been betting that there will be more volatility and lower values over time and clearly lower for longer is not -- were a value investor. Lower for longer is not a good environment for value investor tune in for stock. But having said that, our platform -- Im actually very proud of both what weve been able to do in private equity and credit and real estate in terms of accumulating assets at very low multiples and in another ways overvalued environment. Our private equity portfolio, the average -- if you look at our flagship Fund A, the average multiple in the industry and private equity is over 10 times and our multiples pretty much is plus or minus six. So we're sitting there in full multiple point discount. And that I could give you that same story across all of our businesses and so were getting better at our graph in terms of being able to navigate through finding areas of arbitrage whether they would be energy or financial services and buying from banks that are getting smaller like within the context of the over-valued environment you have to find things to buy and were getting better that. But now were saying that it's definitely not the best environment. So again perception versus reality just having done this for 25 years raising rates might create some mark-to-market right downs for us, but generally when that happens, we buy a lot more than we sell and that ends up being very good for value creation.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Thanks for running through all of that. And then second question just around the conversation on capital allocation there has been an increased focus again around potential changes to tax carry interest. We maybe a long ways away from that if it all, but how important is that favorable tax treatment as a factor and how you guys think about the attractiveness of the outsized dividend that you pay now versus other options for the capital?
Josh Harris: It doesnt effect, okay so changes in carried interest and again like we've tried to communicate that and sometimes we havent been successful but changes in carrier interest do not affect the financial statements of Apollo nor does it affect what we pay in dividends. What it does affect is ultimately how much in taxes people that own the carried interest pay. And so the effect would be on employees and then Ill just kind of answer this second question on your mind, which is I still believe that private equity will be a very attractive place for smart people and young people to work on the margin, could you lose an employee or two over change the carrier interest maybe. But by and large I dont see it having a significant effect other than the obvious effect, which is people will make less money, but its not -- its get a lot of play and discussion then it might and its sort of -- there is lot of noise out there relative to the valuation of the stock and dividends and earnings and it's just not true.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: Good morning, guys. I just have a follow up here on Athene, can you remind us what the level of asset sensitivity of Athene's balance sheet and also the approximate duration of its liabilities?
Josh Harris: Sure, its structurally short by little foreign change versus private change on the asset and liabilities side.
Martin Kelly: It's pretty matched.
Josh Harris: Its a little bit short -- its a little short.
Craig Siegenthaler: And then just as my follow-up here on real estate, how do you think about the right sized of this business and scale and Im sure the answer is larger, but youd a really strong return this quarter, but the business was still producing a loss. So Im just wondering like when do you get it scaled in this business.
Josh Harris: I would say on the debt side I think were scale -- the answer is wed like to be a lot bigger than we are. Id say clearly when you look at the size of our private equity business relative to certainly Blackstone but a number of other players, there is a lot of room to go, but it's like everything else. We started from a small base. Were growing it, but were growing off of a small base and so yeah the breakeven nature of it on our financial statements is not lost on me nor on anyone here and we do think that there is leverage ability to the business and it is growing. I would say that when you include other real estate thats within credit, the business is actually a $17 million business and so its not small and we're thinking about how we reflect that part of the business and we're at more accurately on our financial statements and stay tuned on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Hi good morning, everybody.
Josh Harris: Hi Alex.
Alex Blostein: Question for you guys on the management fee business clearly really nice to see the increased focus on that -- on that earnings stream in more I guess kind of subdued carry realization environment. So as we look out over the next year or so, I dont know if I heard it on the call but anyway you can help us I guess summarize what the pipeline of AUM that's not paying management fees. How quickly you think you guys can deploy it obviously outside of the pending AR Capital acquisition because it sounds like there is a couple of things going on there. So A, the size of that and then the incremental margins that you think that's going to come into the management fee AUM, thanks.
Martin Kelly: Good morning. So the total amount of AUM fee potential but not earnings management fees today is about more than that, but most of that's in credit. I dont mind that is in credit. And that's just given the structure of many of the credit funds where we have paid as we deploy versus as we raise capital. So I would look to the run rate of deployment in credit as the best guide to how quickly that's put to work, which is sort of $5.5 million for the last 12 months and so annualizing to about the same number for the first nine months.
Alex Blostein: Okay. And just the incremental margin on that, is that kind of keeping the roll up fee related margin constant over the last kind of several quarters, so there is pick up on the back of it?
Martin Kelly: Yes I guess there is a wide range in credit. The types of funds that sort of draw down style funds where we get paid as we invest tend to be higher fees, but then we're also growing out -- the yields are at the tow of the business, which is lot of fees like MidCap and so I guess use a blended average, but it's quite a large spectrum.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Hi good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I guess just more broadly on the distribution, how should we be thinking about the potential monetization outlook over the next 12 to 24 months and PE now that Fund 7 is in escrow. And then just also in credit too it looked like the monetization in credit have been specific down in each of the past four quarters. Just any color around that would be helpful.
Martin Kelly: It's sort of -- were largely through them, if you look at our assets in the ground like Fund 7 is like very close to carry, very close to escrow. So one tick up in the marks and youre not in escrow. I think we lay out in our presentation how close it is and as Martin had said. So I would say that that's a liquidating fund and we expect whether or not we sell will depend on market volatility. So you're unfortunately asking me questions that are very difficult to answer. So that's probably the best that I would be able to do.
Michael Cyprys: And on the credit side?
Josh Harris: And again there has been volatility in credit. I would sort of unfortunately give you the same answer, although certainly in credit clearly there is a large amount of interest expense cash flow that's coming out of that portfolio on a current basis. So its not really as leveraged if you will or as volatile as the peak. It's much more predictable in many cases just based on interest expenses. But relative to like what we're going to sell or not sell tell me if the market is getting up or down. If the market goes up, we're going to sell a lot and if the market goes down we would be probably be buying more than we're selling, if history is any guide.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Harris of Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: Thanks guys. The drop in carry that you've been already discussing it, but just wondering if you guys can inform us whether part of that drop was related to performance of energy investments in those funds?
Josh Harris: Yes.
Chris Harris: Okay. Any color you could share on what the concentration of energy is in those particular funds?
Josh Harris: I can give it to you across the platform and so which is probably the best guide. We have about $6 million in the grounded energy today and about 2.5 of that is fee and 3.5 of that is credit. And so we have been actually buying in credit and as the marks have gone down, which is what we do. We also have -- we have a lot of dry powder to put to work which we would do selectively when the time comes, but for sure its a about it.
Chris Harris: Got it. And real quick any update on quarter day realization?
Josh Harris: Today weve sold a couple of small investments, but they have not created any distributable cash.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Hi, good morning folks. Most of my questions have been answered maybe just a different angle on the KKR move yesterday on the distribution side of it moving to a fixed distribution just I guess in picture whats your view on that? Is that something that Apollo has ever considered and then do you think it opens the debate a little bit more for the alternative firms and putting yourself to look at becoming a C Corp from the partnership structure?
Josh Harris: Yeah, obviously we watch all of our competitors very closely and its pretty appropriate for me to speculate on why KKR did what they did. Certainly our strategy is very different and there are many roads to run right. Maybe not everyone has the same strategy to be successful. From our point of view, we continue to be an asset light model and we continue to believe that distributing nearly all of our cash flow to our shareholders and generating big dividends is the right strategy for us. And we'll certainly watch what everyone does and if there is -- if its compelling and were always looking and researching at better ways to create shareholder value, but right now were -- we believe in our strategy.
Brian Bedell: Okay. Thats helpful. Thats all from me. Thanks.
Josh Harris: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Berg of RBC Capital Markets.
Eric Berg: Thanks and good morning. Josh in thinking about the building out of the permanent capital businesses as rapidly and as aggressively as you have is this really about at least in part attracting new investors who would like to become owners in your company, but can't stomach the volatility or is this something that your existing shareholders have asked for or both?
Josh Harris: I would say that -- certainly I would say permanent capital vehicles are generally -- there are some investment opportunities that are longer term in nature even in longer term than traditional private equities funds, which are quite long term in nature. And so to take advantage of those investment opportunities permanent capital vehicle make sense. Secondly, in many cases there are potential public exits or strategic exits for things that are built up in a company structure at premiums to book value versus in a fund structure and so as a result of those factors, investors and certainly there are investors that prefer those structures for their own reasons. And so for all those reasons it certainly makes sense to consider permanent capital vehicles in the context of all the other tools that you have in your toolbox and in certain situations earlier avail yourself of those tools to generate better returns and more efficient structure for your investors. On the other side, I dont believe the market yet is recognizing it, but I do believe that its having a permanent capital base that's sustainable where you dont have to even from seeing for supper every five years if you will, I think that that is -- I think that de-risks the entity. And so therefore its puzzling to me that we dont get any credit for it and no one talks about it. But yes, I do believe it is better. I think we will talk about it increasingly because we think it is something that differentiates us and then investors haven't yet factored it.
Eric Berg: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude the Q&A portion of today's call. I will now return the call to Gary Stein for any additional or closing remarks.
Gary Stein: Thanks operator, and thanks again everyone for joining us this morning. As always if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to circle back to Noah Gunn or myself.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the Apollo Global Management's 2015 third quarter earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Stein - Head of Corporate Communications Leon Black - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Martin Kelly - Chief Financial Officer Josh Harris - Co-Founder, Senior Managing Director Jim Zelter - Global Head of Credit
Analysts: Luke Montgomery - Bernstein Research Bill Katz - Citigroup Chris Harris - Wells Fargo Ken Worthington - JP Morgan Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Devin Ryan - JMP Securities Michael Cyprys - Morgan Stanley Brennan Hawken - UBS Chris Kotowski - Oppenheimer Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Robert Lee - KBW
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Apollo Global Management's 2015 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation all callers will be placed in listen-only-mode and following management prepared remarks the conference call will be open for questions. This conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead.
Gary Stein: Thanks Crystal, and welcome everyone. Joining me today from Apollo are Leon Black, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director; Jim Zelter, Global Head of Credit and Martin Kelly, Chief Financial Officer. Leon, Martin and I will review some prepared remarks and Josh and Jim will be available with us during Q&A session. I would also point out that Josh is calling in from overseas. Turning to our results earlier this morning we reported non-GAAP economic net income of $0.38 per share and distributable earnings to common and equivalent holders of $0.48 per share for the second quarter of which $0.42 per share was declared as a cash distribution. Before I hand the call over to Leon, I wanted to remind you that today's conference call may include forward-looking statements and projections, and we ask that you refer to our most recent SEC filings for factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements and projections, as well as risk factors relating to our business. We don't undertake to update our forward-looking statements or projections unless required by law. We'll also be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, which are reconciled to GAAP figures in our second quarter earnings presentation. This conference call is copyrighted property and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without our consent. As usual, if you have questions about any information in the earnings presentation or on this call, please feel free to follow up with me or Noah Gunn. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Leon Black, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Apollo Global Management.
Leon Black: Thanks Gary and good morning everyone. Amid a volatile and complex backdrop we continue to identify opportunities for growth during the second quarter. And I'd like to focus my remarks this morning around the few key drivers of our business including the continued strength of our management business as well as recent fund raising and deployment activity. As you know we have been very focused on growing the management business contribution to the overall profitability of the firm particularly since it provides a steady and predictable source of cash flow. The revenues we generate in our Management Business are primarily derived from management fees we earn from long-lived assets we manage, more than 75 billion of which are in permanent capital vehicles. In addition, to driving top line growth in our Management Business, we also remained focused on margin improvements. During the second quarter, our Management Business generated pretax distributable earnings of $0.27 per share or more than $1 per share of cash on an annualized basis, which we believe represents a strong base of cash flow to our shareholder. In the context of our current share price, the $1 plus of annualized cash flow per share from our management business alone represents the current yield of approximately 5% and this is before any of the upside cash earnings potential from our incentive business where we have more than $80 billion of carry eligible assets under management. Turning now to fundraising, by leveraging our integrated platform we generated inflows of $3.2 billion during the quarter similar to the previous quarter our fund raising activity came from a variety of our investment strategies and reflect the continued growth and diversification of our business. We received $1 billion from the expansion of our existing strategic investment account with the Teachers Retirement System of Texas or TRS bringing the total size of this account to $4 billion, and it's worth noting that this total doesnt include a separate credit mandate of up to $1 billion more from TRS half of which is expected to close during the third quarter. We believe the highly successful partnership we've been fortunate to establish with TRS over the past two years is a powerful example of the strength of our integrated investment model and our ability to deliver value across a range of alternative investment solution. In addition to the incremental capital we received from TRS during the second quarter, there are few other inflows during the quarter we'd like to highlight including one more than $500 million from a final closing for our new energy opportunity fund bringing the total for this fund to just over $1 billion, secondly nearly $300 million from a follow-on closing of our third structured credit recovery fund bringing the current total for this fund to nearly $800 million at quarter end; and third over $550 million of combined new equity and leverage at midcap bringing midcaps total growth asset to $3.3 billion. In addition to these capital raises, we are also continuing to see positive net flows in some of our open end strategies including our credit hedge funds and total return funds. As many of you know we're actively marketing our second natural resources fund and are approaching a first close for the fund. Lastly on inflows I would like to point out that we completed the acquisition of a real-estate private equity manager in Asia during the second quarter. The team that came aboard expands our integrated investment efforts throughout Asia and this transaction added approximately $600 million to our real-estate AUM. Next, I would like highlight the significant capital deployment activity that occurred during the quarter. Across the broad Apollo platform, the funds we managed committed or deploy nearly $3 billion which we believe will drive future carry and realization opportunities for our investors. Despite an environment in which evaluations generally remain quite high, our investment teams continue to utilize the various pathways we've created to deploy capital, define what we believe to be attractive, value oriented investment opportunity. In private equity, the funds we manage were particularly active during the quarter investing or committing to invest $2.4 billion, included in this 2.4 billion total is approximately $900 million that was invested during the quarter in transactions such as CH2M which is a leading engineering services firm, Carige Insurance in Italy and the funding of American Gaming Systems acquisition of Cadillac Jack. In addition to the closed deals, there were various new investments announced by the funds we managed during the quarter with combined total commitments of $1.8 billion. These pending investments as of June 30th included the acquisition of two alarmed services companies Protection 1 and ASG to create an industry leader. Secondly the corporate carve out of Verallia Packaging from Saint Gobain. Thirdly the acquisition of Slovenian second-largest bank NKBM, and lastly the go private transaction of specialty materials firm OM Group. Following the announcement of these recent investments, the committed but not yet deployed capital of the private equity funds we managed was $3.5 billion as of June 30th of which $1.6 billion was related to asset build ups in the energy sector that is expected to be deployed over time. With the balance related to deals that have been signed but not yet closed. As of the end of the quarter Fund VIII is still less than two years into its six-year investment period and the funders invested are committed nearly one-third of its capital in a diversified portfolio of investments that we believe will generate meaningful long-term value for Fund VIII investors and I would just add that we're particularly proud of the fact that we have kept to our value orientation and the Fund VIII is approximately invested at six point and half multiple of EBITDA in a ten multiple environment right now. So I think that discipline is one that we are keeping. In credit the funds we managed and deployed $1.4 billion across a variety of strategies including energy lending, CLO debt and equity and other opportunistic credit investments. And in real-estate, our real-estate funds and accounts deployed more than $600 million primarily in commercial real-estate debt investment. Across the Apollo platform our funds currently have nearly $30 billion of dry powder available to invest and we continue to evaluate an active pipeline of opportunities to put additional capital to work. Before I return the call over to Martin, I would like to say a few words. We're on the significant milestone in our history. I'm pleased to note that Apollo is now celebrating its 25th anniversary marking 2.5 decades of incredible growth and strong investment performance of which my partners and I are extremely proud. None of this could have been imagine 25 years ago that we would evolve from our one room office into one of the world's leading alternative investment managers with plenty of growth opportunities still at -- as I think about what we oriented Apollo in these early days and look at where we are today and where we're going, I'm struck by the sentiment that the more things changed the more they stay the same. At Apollo we have found success by staying agile amid changing markets while remaining rooted in who we are. Our investment success has always centered on four key pillars. First, our contrarian value oriented approach which we believe enables us to identify opportunities by embracing complexity. Second, our integrated model across private equity, credit and real-estate which we believe is a true differentiator. Thirdly, our pursuit of superior investment performance which is driven by our ability to identify the best risk reward for our investors across investment cycles. And lastly, our deep bench of extraordinarily talented professionals many of whom have been with us since our early days and others who have been integrated into the fabric of our culture more recently. At Apollo we believe our success begins and ends with our relentless drive for good investing which means it begins and ends with our people. From leaders across our business like Jim Zelter in credit or Scott Kleinman in Private Equity to our most recent hires just starting out performance and people are inextricably linked. And as we continue to grow we'll always seek out the most tenacious smart and creative professionals to join our team and help us push forward. Thats how we expect to continue to create and capitalize on the most attractive opportunities for our investors. Fueling growth across our platform and executing innovative strategy. When we established the firm 25 years ago, we set out to build something that was different, something that would last and something that would outperform. We're very proud of what we've accomplished and believe that the continuity of our strategy and the strength of our amazing team is a truly winning combination. And as I look to the future I know the best is yet to come for a follow-up and I can't wait for what our firm accomplishes next together. With that I'd like to turn the call over to Martin for some additional comments.
Martin Kelly: Thanks, Leon, and good morning, again, everyone. Starting with our economic innings for the quarter. In the Management Business, we earned $92 million of economic income, which was in line with the prior quarter. While we continue to carefully manage our cost base, looking forward we expect compensation and non-compensation expense to rise as we continue to grow the platform. Specifically over the second half of the year we expect to incur fund placement fee expenses of approximately $13 million related to various fund raising initiatives. Primarily reflecting expanding distribution relationships with Wolf Management platforms. As Leon mentioned, we remained focus on expanding our management business through top-line growth and disciplined cost management. Further driving our margin which we believe is already industry leading among our peers. Turning to the incentive business, in private equity the 2.7% appreciation in the second quarter was driven by 1% appreciation in publicly traded portfolio company holdings and 4% appreciation in private portfolio company holdings. With $14 billion of unrealized value across the private equity funds we managed at the end of the second quarter. This generated total carry of $81 million during the quarter. In credit the investment performance of the funds we manage was positive up approximately 1.2% on a gross basis and 0.8% on a net basis for the quarter excluding the non-subadvised assets of Athene. Despite the positive fund performance, carry income was on the lighter side as one of the drawdown funds we managed that was earning accelerated catch up carry, reversed costs and returns some of the accelerated carry that was previously accrued as is convention. I'd also like note however that we continue to see growth in both carry eligible and carry generating AUM, within the credit business during the quarter. In fact carry eligible AUM in credit is higher than it's ever been. So we remain optimistic about the performance fee earnings potential in this business. Lastly on the Incentive business, there was a discretionary incentive pool compensation accrual in the quarter of $20 million within realized profit sharing expense. Next, I'd like to provide some additional information on Athene's impact on our results this quarter. First, within other income in the Incentive business we realized a $25 million increase in the valuation of our direct ownership stake of Athene. In dollar terms, Apollo's 9.2% economic interest in Athene is valued at $471 million on our balance sheet as of June 30. Note that this amount excludes the $136 million gross carry receivable related to AAA as of June 30 that we expect to be paid in shares of Athene at a future date. Next, the percentage of Athene-related assets invested in Apollo managed funds was approximately 24% or $14.4 billion as of June 30, up from 22% as of March 31. We expect the sub-advised assets under management to continue to increase gradually over time, as long as we continue to perform well in providing asset management services to Athene and also identify opportunities to redeploy their investment portfolio. As it relates to the taxes, our ENI tax rate in the quarter of 2% was driven by a lower amount of taxable carry as well as the tax reduction in connection with share deliveries. While subject to change based on the ultimate composition of our earnings, we currently expect our full year 2015 ENI tax rate to be single-digit. Additionally we expect the tax rates to normalize toward our longer term range of 10% to 20% previously articulated as we enter '16. With regards to our cash distribution a 42% that we declared today was driven by a $0.27 pre tax contribution from our management business and $0.18 of net cash carry, of which $0.04 resulted from tax related distribution. With that we'll turn the call back to the operator and open up the line for any of your questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Luke Montgomery of Bernstein Research.
Luke Montgomery: In credit, I was hoping you could just walk through the conversion of carry eligible to carry generating AUM. It looks like dry powder invested and invested but not earning carry AUM declined it had, the amount was invested over 24 months is still $4.4 billion and it needs about 6% appreciation. Yet the carried generating AUM increased about $2.6 billion to $23.3 billion, so perhaps if you can just help me bridge the change, which is better than those indicators you would have suggested?
Martin Kelly: I think, so I think you hit on a number of the points there, within credit the 1.2% gross return was a 2.7% gross return in the drawdown funds and within that segment of the business we had a number of funds that were plus to carry that not in carry less quarter step up above the press. And that was really the reason for the increase, what's left to your point is a slightly reduced amount of AUM investment on in carry, but with that slightly greater gaps against in the press.
Luke Montgomery: So it was the market appreciation then?
Martin Kelly: Yes, in opportunistic in particular driven by the higher -- higher yielding assets, some of which was energy, some of which was broader based.
Luke Montgomery: And then on the escrow piece from funds -- it always seems a little bit mysterious. You've had realization from the fund, the remaining investments are 100% of cost, I think versus a 104% last quarter that hurl rate is 115, but the balance is more or less flat at 167 million. So maybe just help me understand the puts and takes that drive that balance. I guess there's the taxable income that caused you to maybe distribute some of it but, what are the inflows and outflows?
Martin Kelly: So, the escrow calculations are quite complex, and the key moving cost to the calculation I guess firstly the escrow is based on what's remaining in the portfolio. So, what's the value of remaining assets relative to their cost base and that ratio then is affected by a couple of different things, one is change in value of those assets, two is what's sold and in what sequence assets are sold meaning sort of high cost base versus low cost base and then thirdly any other changes to the cost base of the assets. During the first half, we recognized and examined on one of the assets in Fund VI and while that did not impact ENI because we already marked it down. It did bring down the cost base of that asset and it also resulted in a diversion of cash flows from sales to the piece, so when you stand back from it the cash that came in from sales was diverted to a piece as a result of that impairment the benefit of that was that it helps the escrow ratio by reducing the denominator in the ratio and it would all else being equal would result in us coming out of escrow sooner than we would otherwise. The last point I'd make is that the Fund VI itself sort of lost money on a mark-to-market basis during the quarter that was mitigated by the return on capital that I just mentioned. So all of that sort of nets off to a cash, cash is the same on a per share basis and the ratio is effectively unchanged within a couple of percentage points.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the Bill Katz with Citigroup.
Bill Katz: First is actually two part question, so I was wondering could you layout the timeline towards the elevated placement expenses for the second half of the year. I know you step back, I think you've been pretty active you just linked up with Waddell and you're working with Oppenheimer and now you actually have this wealth management strategy. Just to step back and tell us where you think you are strategically in terms of any real time momentum for generating some retail flows that might boost the overall growth rate?
Martin Kelly: I'll address the first part of the question and I'll hand it over to Gary for the second. So on the placement fees, it's a couple of different funds the most important and most meaningful is our second natural resources fund. Although we expect a first close of that fund during the third quarter, it's tough to predict specifically when the placement phase we paid because they'll be paid for White House for the high network distributions. So it could be Q3 or Q4 or actually both.
Gary Stein: Yes, just on the retail component of our business, as we said in the past retail remains an important part of our platform and will be a growing contributor to our flows overtime. Today retail includes high network and the office is around 15% of our AUM and we do certainly expect that to grow over time. You've mentioned just yesterday Waddell put out in press release announcing that they have filed to launch two new mutual funds, both of which will have Apollo as a component of the funds specifically it will look to replicate our total return strategy within credit versus the more liquid end of our credit business. They hope pending SEC approval to launch those funds in October and so we'll just have to wait and see on the timeline there. And then with respect to Oppenheimer which we mentioned previously where we also have a sub-advisory relationship. The shareholders of that fund did approve an allocation to Apollo and we do also expect that to begin to ramp in the fourth quarter. And then we continue to have conversations with others. We said in the past we do believe this sub-advisory component to be very scalable and works really well in terms of marrying our less liquid solutions with the more liquid needs of daily liquidity funds. And so we expect this to grow over time.
Bill Katz: And then follow-up maybe on the treasure perspective, couple of your peers have sort of laid out how quickly they think they could put some of their dry powder work or more importantly some of their non-fee paying AUM yet at this point in time, so just given your thoughts about where we're in terms of market levels, how do we think about the outlook for fee paying AUM growth which has been pretty flat for last several quarters?
Martin Kelly: So fee paying AUM has about $10 billion of fee potential, most of that is in credit, 7 billion of the 10 is in credit. We think credit, most of the drawn down funds pay fees as money is deployed versus as it's committed. So I would look at place of deployment in credit which was 1.4 billion in the quarter, 2 billion on a year-to-date basis and if you go back, back in time it's 5 billion last year, 3 billion before that's probably, if you average that that's probably a good run rate to think about as actually paying it puts away, realizing that not all of that is earned on deployed some of its non committed that the majority of it is.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Chris Harris of Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: I wonder if you could provide a little bit commentary of the real-estate manager you required in Asia, what the plans are there how quickly you think you can scale that and what potential opportunities might be?
Gary Stein: Yes, I'll take that, we're building an opportunistic Apollo as business in Asia, it's hard to do that and so therefore this business is likely to start and this is a great team, it had a great -- was our style of investor and so by joining with us we provide over sighting distribution to this team and it links very well with the existing private equity in credit. Platform that we have and it creates kind of a special situation approach. I would say we are -- this will be a small but growing part of our platform. And if you thing about Asia today Asia is between 1% and 2% of our assets. And clearly there is a lot of upside there and the trick is doing in an opportunistic Apollo-esque way and many of the investments in Asia are higher priced and the creditors rates and our legal systems in many countries are difficult, so you have to take your spots. So we today are very focused on ramping Asia and we think Asia could grow significantly but we're growing off a small base.
Chris Harris: And my one follow-up would be. As you guys continue to ramp Fund VIII; are there any restrictions to where that fund can invest whether it's by sector individual holdings, I'm just wondering if there is any concentration limits to raise that fund?
Gary Stein: Yes. There's no specific limitations in various parts but what we tend to do as apply common sense limitations and when we get to an industry that we get to 20% to 25% of funding and even in the broad industry categorization we tend to have back off, and then we really will go above 10% of funding in any one investment and even 10% is a lot and I'd say that in general U.S. has been 75% to 80%; 85% of everything we've done and Europe and rest of world sort of have been the balance and when Europe and the rest of the world are interesting, we tend to do a little more in Europe and the rest of the world that's interesting we tend to do a little less. But to a large extent, usually that fund is a primarily North American fund, but we have a global network and we're always looking. Today Europe is actually quite interesting, so we might achieve towards those higher end of that range from an international point of view. But constraint that fund is highly flexible and opportunistic but we tend to self constraint based on common sense.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from the line of Ken Worthington of JP Morgan.
Ken Worthington: Couple of things on real-estate. Seeing nice AUM and fee generating AUM growth part of it acquisition, part of it new funds, any reason why you wouldnt or couldnt buy in Europe the way you have -- just have in Asia. And on your Asian manager what do the IRRs look like in its legacy funder funds and your real-estate business has been real complement to your credit business. So can you talk about how this new manager kind of fits in the credit area as well?
Martin Kelly: So, lot of questions there. I would say that there is no reason why we can't buy a real-estate manager in Europe. We do have through -- we have been buying a decent amount of real-estate through our non-performing loan business. We have a small dedicated real-estate effort in Europe but we're -- if you think about our non-performing loans platform, you know the underlying collateral is greater than half real-estate. So we today thats been the right way for us, we think to get the most value. We also have the ability to invest out of -- we have a global real-estate business thats been focused on the U.S.; we can also use that. So I'd say that we're always looking opportunistically in that and we found the right people with the right culture and the right value orientation at the right price, we would certainly buy something in Europe. Today we're getting that exposure through means that I chatted about. So that was question one. What was the other question?
Ken Worthington: The other question was just on Asia so IRRs in its legacy funder funds and then the complement of the Asian real-estate business to your credit operation which you, kind of talked about generally, but just how does the Asia component may be fit in?
Martin Kelly: So the IRRs -- the legacy IRRs, some of that ran the Asian region real-estate business, came from Warburg Pincus and his IRRs we can't disclose but they were quite attractive and in any time we buy a manager certainly one, big component that will be what their historic track record has been and getting behind that. And so that was a big component about diligence. In terms of how it complement he tends to be very Apollo-esque. So, much of what he did was it's very highly structured debt investing in addition to private equity investing similar to what we've done in our private equity fund. And so therefore it sits quite nicely into our credit business in a sense that it's similar to the way our U.S. and our European businesses work -- we use the private equity funds for control oriented distress and credit fits in nicely above that in stressed and opportunistic all the way up to performing. And so clearly this gives us a way to express the view on a company in a much broader sense. And so certainly it expands the number of offices we have in Asia, it expands in team in Asia -- the team has integrated very similarly to our U.S. and European teams and therefore when an idea comes in we look across the capital structure up and down, so it fits quite nicely they have a strong presence in India as do our credit business as well. And so there's a lot of I think strategic synergy to the Asian real-estate business and just gives us girth there that we didn't expand our team and our ability to invest and we're actually quite focused on it in terms of it being a place where we can grow both AUM and investor capital which we have even talked about.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: On the capital vehicle detail, Slide 13. So on a profitability basis not AUM, how do you rank these seven from capital vehicles in terms of incremental future growth?
Jim Zelter: Well this is Jim -- certainly weve got to put a team at the top of the list. The business that they have today, when Josh alluded to it, but not only in the U.S. but in Europe, there's quite a bit of potential M&A opportunity with that company going forward, so certainly we think that is going to be a major driver and following our five trend in December, we're still excited about the organic and M&A opportunities around the team. Second to that certainly has to be midcap -- midcap has grown, we bought it a bit ago this quarter or year-to-date it added over 500 million in assets. And we are very-very excited about the success of the team date and the opportunities that we're seeing in the market place with a continued deregulation and deleveraging of financial institutions, the middle market lending historically for midcap has been in the really in the healthcare industry, but we have successfully through the integrated platform -- brought in a variety of other financing opportunities. So, our long-term goals and aspirations at midcap are just beginning and we think that will be a big driver. Certainly it's sort of been alluded to in the call earlier, but real-estate the way to play real-estate in a overvalued market or in a highly valued market is to do more debt structures of solutions. We've done that through Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance and certainly we believe that that's going to steadily grow and create a variety of opportunities for -- and that team not only supplies product for that vehicle but also for a team as well on their balance sheet. Entirely AIMB which is a BEC that continues in a market place where certainly permanent capital vehicles in the credit space are few and far between and now staying where the NAV book value, the stock trading to book value we still believe there is nice steady growth opportunity in that vehicle as well. So, a couple of the other ones are closed end vehicles, the tactical income fund and senior floating rate fund, that was really also created to establish a task for retail investors to be involved with us. And as Gary mentioned earlier our dialogue on 40 Act products with Waddell and Oppenheimer, we still feel those will be future opportunities. So, really need to summarize -- we're sort of in the top, followed by Midcap commercial real-estate in the BDC, those are the four areas of the real drivers of continued growth.
Craig Siegenthaler: And then just circling back to midcap which has a 3.3 billion in AUM now, can you remind us what the AUM growth targets are for Midcap and how we should expect that to be funded between debt and equity?
Jim Zelter: Well, we talk about it being a driver for growth in our five year plan in December, but we did not really get into details about it, but this is a business that compared to a variety of our commercial finance companies, it has no leverage facilities anywhere, from 3 times to 4.5 times or 5 times but it certainly has a broad base of financing facilities. But certainly looking at growth multiples of where it is today over an extended three year period was certainly within our grasp and our aspirations.
Operator: Thank you. And next question is coming from Devin Ryan JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Maybe just starting with credit, the reversal on the catch up carries was highlighted how much that and then also how much is left of the catch up carry there?
Martin Kelly: So that was in one of our European funds, we haven't' disclosed the amount -- the impact on the quarter was about 3 pennies a share in terms of negative marks.
Devin Ryan: And then just following up with respect to energy obviously the pullback here in prices, I know that I think last update you guys had said that 75% or so of your exposure was hedged over the next several years, so just curious what point of energy prices commodity prices would have to revisit marks and is that still a case the vast majority is headed out for the next several years?
Josh Harris: Yes, I'll take that, I mean I'd say that certainly we're pretty fully hedged, we're significantly hedged through '15 and then it rolls off in '16 and '17, so if we see now, so that's kind of the answer there that certainly the companies that we own in private equities will start to be impacted. If you think about our exposure though it's relatively small when you compare to the capital we have yet to invest and I think that the team has been very conservative about how much leverage they put on the business, the business -- the prices they paid, and liquidity that they have available. And so I feel that I think the current energy cycle is going to be and then we also have a large amount of un-deployed credit dollars where we're sitting and waiting. And so I think that we've been quite public about the fact that we see it getting worse before it gets before better. We were a little surprised at the increase in pricing that's kind of pull back at this way. We thought the markets were wildly aggressive when during the fourth quarter of last year and early this year. There was a record issuance of equity in debt to an essence standing many of the energy companies and so we've sat back and waited. And I think that it's the -- we feel like the market is coming towards this. So I do think that we have a small existing portfolio it's in good shape certainly at some point prices need to go up, but I see much more opportunity than I see downside for us in the energy space.
Martin Kelly: Yes, I would just add to Josh's point in credit we have been with this integrated view and with Josh's view and Gary's view about what's going on in the macro. We've been very-very cautious and thoughtful this year in capital that we have raised for energy opportunities. As Josh mentioned, in the first quarter there was record equity and debt issuance and people thought that the needs for solution type capital across private equity and credit was muted. The reality is those that issuance from debt and equity have severely underperforming last eight weeks. And certainly we believe form the top down macro in addition to there will be a great deal of bank of these lending redetermination in the fall. This is when people talking about restrictive and regulatory environment, this is a good example where the arm of the OCC and the Fed is going to be much more draconian with reserve based lending and we feel we're in a great position to be able to deploy opportunistic capital across credit and private equity as result of these macro and financing market conditions.
Gary Stein: Yes, and just to put some numbers around it, broadly speaking, if you look at our total AUM and back out team asset management, energy broadly defined is about 6% of our total AUM as of quarter end. And that's made up of about 3 billion in private equity exposure and about 3.7 billion across credit.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Michael Carrier of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Unidentified Company Representative: This is Michael [Needham] for Michael Carrier. Several questions on the real-estate business in the quarter performance was pretty good in 2Q, but on economic income basis it's still relatively weak, are there things that you can do to get the management business operated to profit, be it on an acquisition finding other ways to scale that business or maybe something on the expense side?
Gary Stein: So in other words like the reality is we're investing in the business, and I mean as Leon mentioned, it's all of that people and we have a team that has critical mass and so the assets are caching up. I mean I think to a large extent I think cost cutting from here would be somewhat unproductive in the real-estate business. On a large scale, we're always looking for opportunities to cut costs but this is -- we have a good team. We have a global team and now we need to raise assets to deploy them and that takes time, particularly in a market that is overvalued where you're value in investor.
Martin Kelly: And I'd just said part of the uptake in expenses in the quarter was one-time costs as a result of the Asia acquisition. And then part of this is providing people which will be part of the run rate going forward.
Unidentified Company Representative: And just one follow-up, do you seem markup but that flows through the other income line incentive business. Just wondering why that line was so stronger this quarter?
Martin Kelly: Yes. There is a number of -- I dont think I see that line, GP stakes as well but most of the Athene -- the impact of Athene markup was $25 million and that relates to 9% our economic interest and in Athene.
Gary Stein: I would just add Athene was marked up about 6% in the quarter and you also -- you want some additional detail on Athene continues to perform well. The Athene management team today a public investor call on June 23rd and a replay of that is available through APO alternative assets Web site.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: So just back to real-estate you spoke about fund raising picking up there and the acquisition of the Asia real-estate managers. I guess just bigger picture, could you talk to your overall strategy in real-estate. You have been in the business for sometime but how are you building out that business today? What are some of the products gaps at geographies that you are looking to fill in? And is there any appetite from moving into to core plus?
Josh Harris: I would say all of the above you look at the Apollo today, I think our AUM in real-estate is something in the 10 billion range. I think if few kind of add all the different parts that might even be a little higher in the '14 billion to '16 billion range. Our view is as we said last December is we would like -- we're not projecting but our aspiration to double that. Some of thats going to be organic and some of it's going on in terms of new product development like what we're doing in Asia but we're also aggressively looking to strategic add-ons and there is the really matter of findings of right people, on right chemistry, fitting in to our Apollo-esque of valuing the world but it's an area that we would like to be a bigger piece of Apollo but it has to make sense from a valuation and a people point of view.
Michael Cyprys: And any additional color you could share in terms of products or geographies where you're thinking about teams and potential acquisitions there?
Martin Kelly: Well. Certainly as Josh said, we do a lot more in Europe than people would look at because our NPL business really capitalized on that and I think you said it was right now where is your favorite place to invest around the globe in real-estate. Its key gateway cities in the U.S. key gateway cities in the Asia and then throughout the continent in Europe and thats what we are doing. So as Leon said certainly I think core is something, it's a little bit later for us to add but we're adding a whole host of -- we'd like to add more debt capability, more origination capability and more opportunistic capability but you need to have a market cycle, have a little bit of choppiness in volatility where six-seven years up into an upswing in that market place. So being patient right now the opportunity in Asia came around, we looked at lot of teams that one was is developing in time and we're going to be patient on the other areas as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brennan Hawken of UBS.
Brennan Hawken: We seen a withdrawal of some of loss fund money among traditional asset managers and obviously different liquidity profile there, but given the decline in oil, have you noticed any change in allocations appetites or behaviors from you offering clients?
Josh Harris: The answer methodically is no, in fact our dialogues have expanded, I think it's a little bit the way of fund raising in general. It's kind of a bifurcated world of haves and have not and unfortunately with our performance we've been in the position of haves and that includes our relationships with sovereign fund.
Brennan Hawken: And then on the Levered Finance funding markets, given the regulatory pressure there, are you seeing any change or you seeing a shadow of banking system stepping in to any material degree and how do you think that this could impact deal velocity from here?
Martin Kelly: Well, I think that what we have found in our recent acquisitions in private equity, we have not had any challenges of accessing the market. We've done -- we've really gone out to make sure that investors know how we're -- what our strategy has been, what our returns have been and we've been very positively and nicely surprised by the breadth of investors who want to spend the time to get to know us because they know that we will be large issuer going forward. Certainly there are some opportunities -- could we see the traditional banking financial providers be augmented by some alternative providers in our capital structures and private equity. Certainly due and I'm not surprised by it. On the other side of the coin, our activities whether it's in Midcap, our activities in our loan business -- lot of our opportunistic business we continue to benefit from that. I do think the headlines are correct. The leverage lending guidelines are being followed in stricter manner by a variety of banks today and that is impacting some loan origination -- loan origination is down year-over-year about 25%. And but that's not held us back from achieving our goals and CLO formation structure credit formations. So as Leon said about this fund raising of the sovereigns we are in the haves versus the have nots. So, we've been able to -- to be able to navigate that and we've been the positive beneficiary. So I see that continuing. I don't see a massive widening of new issue yields because of some players withdrawing, but I see a pretty firm market for companies that can have access.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Chris Kotowski of Oppenheimer.
Chris Kotowski: Yes, I guess this is a question for Jim Zelter, recognizing that you invest in a lot of non traded illiquid credit, I mean if you look at the portion of the iceberg that is liquid and traded, it's just seems like that you can't get an uptick in the past year that we've -- whether you look at the high yield indexes or leverage credit indices, they're all down steadily in the past year and the BDC sectors now including Apollo that they all trade like we're on the brink of a recession. And I guess my question is what is the market trying to tell us and other than energy do you see any stress on the borrowers that would imply the deteriorating credit quality in terms of coverage ratio or things like that?
Jim Zelter: Well there was a bunch of questions, but just sort of go from one at a time. You are correct, if you look at year-to-date loan and high yield returns -- loan funds are up 2% to 3% high yield breakeven to 1%. And the performing -- our loan funds and our CLO's have done very-very well. And so that part of the market. The market you identify is -- whether it's the BDCs or high yield funds, there's a great deal of concern about energy exposure, there's a great deal of concern about liquidity of the underlying assets and -- what you're really -- what you're highlighting is the indexes are still on the black year-to-date nominally but if you look at the amount of credit dispersion, energy, metals and mining, some of that consumer retail, there's been a lot of pain and performance out there along with names like Puerto Rico which were not involved with some of that liquidation trades whether it was WaMu or Nortel. So, there has been a lot of pain in the stress and distress area of credit. Luckily we dont have most of our capital is really in the performing side or in the deeper stress side, but -- and I think in your BDC question it really is more of a question of people's perception of their ability to raise equity or inability to raise equity right now because it's creating a discount and it's really-- that's a -- while it's a nice business for us and it's a 3 billion, 3.5 billion, the other parts of our credit business are much larger and have been beneficiary of positive performance. So from our perspective, -- whether it's going on in China energy the commodity concern of the imploding commodities across the spectrum. This redetermination of energy, we think there's going to be good opportunities for us over the next six to twelve months in terms of -- deploying some of our dry powder, but you are right the indexes in headlines don't reflect the dispersion is going on in the underlined markets.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Patrick Davitt of Autonomous.
Patrick Davitt: Is there any credit group of comps reconstruct in those, is there really best in to pay attention to what they're kind of reporting to public I think you pointed to that June call or you are just trying to track when those big markets are going to coming through?
Jim Zelter: Well, we value Athene -- when we raised the financing a year so ago, we remarked then offering price, and then since then we apply violation model which is called [indiscernible] which basically a DCF model of the enforce business and that's effected by change in rates, so the backup remains this quarter increase the value given it's sort of a structurally short company and new origination with policies. We will, we expect to move to a multiple approach once we have a current NOI of book value and so as Athene continues to work through their catch up phase and restating their earnings; we will likely in the next couple of quarters get to a point where we move to a multiple approach.
Josh Harris: I just want to clarify that the perspective with the -- obviously they have restated their Q1 '14 financials on the June 23rd call, they released their Q2 and Q3 financial statements for '14 and they should be caught up with '14 financials by September and fully caught up by yearend?
Patrick Davitt: And then finally could you give an update on the distribution quarter today. I think there is a big close this recap coming through?
Jim Zelter: Yes, so the distribution is announced but not post transaction is $0.10 and that's related to assets.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is coming from Robert Lee of KBW.
Robert Lee: First question is, will be the modeling question I guess but on Page 10 of the deck, if I look at taxes payables that drive ENI and that's down 40 million year-over-year, so kind of curious what's driving that and how should we assume that over the second half of the year that that's going to bounce back towards historical norms or is this kind of -- is there something going on here that's going to leave it below historical trend?
Jim Zelter: I would look at the ENI effective tax rate and the ENI effective tax and I'd say a couple of things, one is if you compare us now this year where we were at last year, the tax rate is benefiting from two things one is we have seen [CNSP] from Athene last year which was taxable non-cash income and sort of taxed at a high marginal rate and since that ended last year that has benefited the tax rate. And we're also benefiting from in this year a number of stock delivery deductions, that relates to stock was issued back at the roll up and jut being delivered now. And so there is no impact of that on our share count it's in the four diluted share count, but we're getting the tax benefit for it now. And then I think we're also benefiting in the tax rate from a sort of large taxable carry period of time so mix of taxable income and nontaxable is important to the rate. So I would say for the balance of the year and as I said in my remarks think single-digit although that subject to taxable carry long gets firm as we get into next year, the ENI tax rate would be sort of in the teens sort of 10% to 20% range. The cash tax rate on a fully diluted basis will lag a bit behind that on the assumption that realization lag behind value creation.
Robert Lee: And maybe a follow-up this goes back to kind of new market lending and midcap and AINV [ph], I guess I am just kind of curious no both midcap and AINV doing middle market lending two different form of capital vehicles understand BDC can't raise capital right now as one that on leverage, midcap financial I guess this is C-core to put more leverage on it, so I guess in terms of these deals souring or origination, they really kind of doing the same thing or how are their businesses different and I mean I know you guys have been pretty creative over the years is there a way of actually combining those platforms to build scale even faster and maybe grow the middle marketing lending business faster?
Josh Harris: Let me answer two questions, while they are both origination enterprises they really service a different set of clients in a different product set. Midcap really is a senior secured lender typically, they're lending whether it's an ABL or revolver or term loan, at leverage point of 3 to 4.5 times and for that they get LIBOR 450 to 550, 600. I mean if you're correct that entity then can have some financing such that you get return on equity with that type of loan with 3 to 4 turns of leverage in the low to mid teens and that's the business that midcap is pursuing. So a variety of that they're servicing middle markets sponsors and other corporations really as a senior secured lender. The DDCs for the most part not only Apollo but all of our peers, we because of the leverage limitations of one-time you never really want to operate at one-time you typically operate 3.5 and 0.7 making that LIBOR plus 450 to 500 loan you're not able to lever that enough to actually be turned have the return requirement. So you're much more of an enterprise lender or -- while you wanted to be a senior lender, your lending more as an enterprise rest than really a cash flow senior secured lender. So it is two different markets, we cover, we work very well together, we source together, we hand transactions back and forth. So it's a very, very -- it's an integrated approach with our coverage model and certainly you know we think of ourselves as creative and if there is a time in the future or either the leverage lending changes in terms of what a BDC can do that may give us a more opportunity to us. But right now we look at the businesses that they pursue, while integrated yet distinct and unique to each other.
Robert Lee: Just squeezing one more quick question on Athene. Delta Lloyd -- if I remember correctly that was supposed to expected to close, I guess later this year as $2 billion of assets thats the case?
Josh Harris: Delta Lloyd it's actually $6 billion of assets that are on target to close during the fourth quarter and as we said really, I think Athene looks at Delta Lloyd as potentially a platform within the German market and looks to that potentially as a vehicle to consolidate the German market just as it done in the U.S. over the past five years.
Operator: That concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I will now return the floor to Gary Stein for any additional or closing remarks.
Gary Stein: Thanks operator. Thanks everyone for joining us this morning for the call. As we said if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free circle back to Noah Gunn or myself.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the Apollo Global Management's 2015 second quarter earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary M. Stein - Head of Corporate Communications Joshua J. Harris - Co-Founder, Senior Managing Director, Director, and Member of Executive Committee Martin Kelly - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Christoph M. Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Brennan Hawken - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Michael J. Cyprys - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Amanda Yao - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Bulent S. Ozcan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Kaimon Chung - Evercore ISI, Research Division
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Apollo Global Management's 2015 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications.
Gary M. Stein: Thanks, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me today from Apollo are Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director; and Martin Kelly, Chief Financial Officer. You probably noticed that we issued a new and improved format for our quarterly earnings release this morning based largely on feedback we've received from many of you. In addition to changing the overall look and feel of our earnings presentation to make it more user friendly, we also added a number of new disclosures in our continuing effort to enhance our transparency. I'd like to highlight just a few of the new disclosures for your reference. On Slide 6, we've included a breakdown of our cash earnings between our Management and Incentive businesses. On Slides 7, 8 and 9, we've provided key business drivers and metrics for each of our segments. And specifically, for our credit segment, on Slide 8, we've provided a streamlined and more transparent view of our credit AUM and performance by fund type rather than fund strategy to facilitate your analysis of the segment. On Slide 10, we've provided a simplified view of our AUM roll forwards as well as additional granularity regarding the drivers of changes in our quarterly AUM. On Slide 11, we've added details regarding funds that are not currently earning carry and the appreciation in value required to achieve carry. Lastly, on Slide 14, we've provided you with details regarding our balance sheet at the segment level. We hope that you'll find these significant enhancements helpful as you analyze our business. And as always, we welcome your feedback. Turning now to our results. Earlier this morning, we reported non-GAAP economic net income of $0.23 per share and distributable earnings to common and equivalent holders of $0.35 per share for the first quarter, of which $0.33 per share was declared as the cash distribution, representing a 94% payout ratio. Before I hand the call over to Josh, I wanted to remind you that today's conference call may include forward-looking statements and projections, and we ask that you refer to our most recent filings with the SEC for important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements and projections, as well as risk factors relating to our business. We don't undertake to update our forward-looking statements or projections unless required by law. We'll also be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, which are reconciled to GAAP figures in our first quarter earnings press release. This conference call is copyrighted property and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without our consent. As usual, if you have questions about any information in the earnings release or on this call, please feel free to follow up with me or Noah Gunn. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director of Apollo Global Management.
Joshua J. Harris: Thanks, Gary, and good morning, everyone. During my brief remarks, I'd like to discuss a few elements of our business, including fundraising, deployment, innovation and strength of our management business. Broadly speaking, we believe 2015 is off to a great start as we look at the long-term growth drivers of our integrated investment platform. First, on fundraising, we had inflows during the quarter of approximately $5 billion, and I'm pleased to note that these inflows came from a variety of our investment strategies and reflect the continued growth and diversification of our business. Some of the largest contributors during the first quarter included $2.7 billion from MidCap, which I'll discuss further in a few minutes; $425 million from a first closing of our new energy opportunity fund; and nearly $600 million from 3 strategic managed accounts, including one that represented a $300 million add-on for an existing account and another $250 million representing a new account, which we believe could be expanded meaningfully over time. In addition to these significant capital raises, we also continued to see inflows in a number of our other evergreen investment strategies, including our credit strategies, hedge fund, our credit short fund and our total return fund, to name just a few. As we look forward, we are very excited about the pipeline for additional capital raising across the platform, which includes $2 billion from the Teachers Retirement System of Texas that we expect to close in the coming months. As you may recall, we were very fortunate to receive a $3 billion mandate from that system just a few years ago, and they recently approved an increase of that original mandate by $1 billion. They also approved $1 billion for a new separate mandate focused on credit investing. In addition to continued growth in strategic managed accounts, where we now manage $17.5 billion of AUM pro forma for the incremental TRS allocation, we expect to have an initial closing for our second private equity natural resources fund this summer. We also continue to raise capital for our second U.S. private equity real estate fund and a variety of credit strategies. Moving on to deployment. Our funds put more than $2 billion to work across our platform during the quarter, sowing the seeds for what we expect will be future realization opportunities. Despite an environment in which valuations remain elevated, our investment teams continue to leverage our integrated platform and deep industry expertise to define what we believe to be an attractive value-oriented investment opportunities. In private equity, the funds we manage deployed $1 billion towards a number of transactions across the globe, including the opportunistic buyout of Presidio, an IT services company based in the U.S.; and the corporate carve-out of Leighton Services, a construction services company in Australia; and Tranquilidade, an insurance company in Portugal. Our pipeline of committed, but not yet deployed, capital was $2 billion as of March 31, of which $1.5 billion was related to asset buildups that we expect will be deployed over time with the balance sheet -- with the balance related to deals that have been signed, but not yet closed. In credit, the funds we manage deployed $760 million across a variety of strategies, including nonperforming loans in Europe, energy lending, life settlements and other opportunistic credit investments. In real estate, we deployed nearly $500 million, primarily in commercial real estate debt investments. Across the Apollo platform, our funds had more than $28 billion of dry powder available for investments at the end of the first quarter, and we continue to evaluate an active pipeline of opportunities to put additional capital to work for the funds that we manage. Turning now to innovation. As we've highlighted during our Investor Day at the end of last year, identifying and creating new business opportunities is a perpetual undertaking here at Apollo. The most recent example of this effort is MidCap income, an innovative direct origination lending platform, funded with permanent capital that we discussed on our last earnings call. I'm pleased to note that MidCap has already added $2.1 billion of fee-generating assets to Apollo during the first quarter, and we believe this is just the beginning for MidCap. As you may recall, we entered into an investment management agreement with MidCap, whereby we provide access to our origination underwriting platform to help MidCap broaden its capabilities beyond its core focus on healthcare. This relationship is already creating significant value as MidCap recently leveraged our expertise in student lending to commit to purchase up to $1 billion of loans from LendKey, a leading online provider of consumer lending solution. Given the changing landscape in the financial services, we see significant opportunities to scale the MidCap platform. The announcement of MidCap's relationship with LendKey just a few months after launch of our partnership, is a great example of the value we believe we can add to innovative direct origination platform. Lastly, I'd like to touch on the growth of our management business. As you know, we have been focused on growing the contribution from this part of our business to the overall profitability of the firm, particularly since it provides a steady and predictable source of cash flow for our shareholders. The revenues we generate in our Management Business are primarily derived from management fees we earn from long-lived assets we manage, more than $70 billion of which is permanent in nature. In addition, to driving top line growth in our Management Business, we are intensely focused on improving our margins through strict cost management and operational efficiencies. I'm pleased to note that we have made significant progress in this regard. Since we went public 4 years ago, the profitability margins in our Management Business have more than tripled, and we still see meaningful opportunities for continued revenue and margin expansion over time, although we remain committed to investing in the business as we scale our platform. During the first quarter, it's worth highlighting from our enhanced disclosure on Slide 6 that our Management Business generated pretax distributable earnings of $0.26 per share or approximately $1 per share on an annualized basis, which we believe represents a strong and growing base of cash flow. Around the time of our IPO in the first quarter of 2011, the equivalent figure was $0.11 per share or less than $0.50 per share on an annualized basis. This means we've more than doubled the most stable cash flow strain of our business in just 4 years. As we look forward to the remainder of 2015 and beyond, we believe our value-oriented investment style, integrated alternative investment platform and ability to innovate leave us exceptionally well-positioned for meaningful long-term growth and profitability. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Martin for some additional comments.
Martin Kelly: Thanks, Josh, and good morning, again, everyone. Starting briefly with AUM, during the quarter, total AUM grew by approximately $3 billion to $163 billion, driven primarily by growth in our credit business, partially offset by realization activity within private equity. Fee-generating AUM grew by $2.5 billion during the quarter, also due to growth in our credit business, and reached $131 billion at the end of the first quarter. Touching on our economic earnings for the quarter. First, in the Management Business, we earned $92 million of economic income, adjusting for a couple of meaningful items in the fourth quarter, including the $59 million of C&S fee from Athene that has since ended, as well as $32 million of nonrecurring TRA valuation within other income. Management Business ENI grew on a sequential basis during the first quarter. While we continue to prudently manage our cost base, looking forward, we expect compensation expenses to rise as we continue to grow our Management Business revenues. In the near term, we expect non-comp expenses, excluding placement fees, to revert back to the run rates seen in prior quarters, as we continue to invest in the platform. Turning to the Incentive Business. In private equity, the 2% appreciation in the first quarter was driven by 4% appreciation in publicly traded equity holdings and 2% appreciation in private holdings, partially offset by slightly negative marks in some public debt holdings, which represent some ongoing distressed situations. With nearly $15 billion of unrealized value across the private equity funds we managed at the end of the first quarter, this generated total carry of $55 million during the quarter. In credit, the investment performance of the funds we manage was positive, up approximately 2% on a gross basis for the quarter, excluding the non-subadvised assets of Athene. As a result, our carry-generating AUM in credit grew by $4.4 billion during the first quarter, as some of the assets that fell out of carry in the prior quarter returned to carry. Despite the positive fund performance in credit this quarter, carry income for the credit segment was flat. This result is a function of which funds [indiscernible] in or out of carry, as well as one particular fund which fell below its preferred return threshold during the quarter, reversing some carry on an accelerated basis, as is convention. Lastly, on the Incentive Business, there was a discretionary incentive pool compensation accrual in the quarter of $12 million within the profit share expense. Next, I'd like to provide some additional information on Athene's impact on our results this quarter. First, the percentage of Athene-related assets invested in Apollo managed funds was approximately 22% or $13.5 billion as of March 31, 2015, up slightly from 20% as of December 31. As we have noted previously, we expect the sub-advised assets under management to increase gradually over time, as long as we continue to perform well in providing asset management services for Athene and also identify opportunities to redeploy their investment portfolio. As of the end of the fourth quarter, Apollo had a 9.3% economic ownership interest in Athene. This includes earned C&S and related fees through the fourth quarter of 2014, as well as Apollo's general partner stake as the Manager of AP Alternative Assets or AAA. In dollar terms, Apollo's economic interest in Athene is valued at $447 million on our balance sheet as of March 31. Note that this amount excludes the $123 million gross carry receivable related to AAA as of March 31 that we expect to be paid in shares of Athene at a future date. With regards to our cash distribution, the $0.33 we declared today includes our regular distribution of $0.15, plus $0.18 of other cash earnings. At March 31, the escrow percentage for Fund VI remained below the 115% threshold at 104%, with an escrow cash balance of $0.27 per share. With that, we'll turn the call back to the operator and open up the line for any of your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mike Carrier of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: First question, just on the growth in fund raising and more focused on kind of the MidCap business, there's other assets that are for sale out there, and I think there's been a little bit of a transition from maybe asset sales to a little bit more of maybe business sales. As so I just wanted to kind of understand, when you guys are looking at that opportunity and the growth that you're seeing in that product, how should we think about where the demand's coming from, like how big that opportunity is, and what both the -- maybe the yields or what you can produce for the declines that are in those products? And then also, from your standpoint, how the economics work relative to a more traditional product.
Joshua J. Harris: Yes. So I mean, the answer is, as you might expect, we're approaching this in a highly flexible manner. So whether it's businesses or assets that are for sale or just direct origination on a loan-by-loan basis, we're going down all those paths. And we had a nice capital raise at MidCap the investors are excited about participating in that opportunity. And I would expect us to continue to grow that platform. Gary, have we disclosed what the returns are on MidCap? I mean...
Gary M. Stein: So we're essentially targeting 6% to 8%.
Joshua J. Harris: On an asset level, right? So when you -- on an asset level, you have a 6% to 8% return, but you are able to leverage that. So by leveraging it, you'd be getting into the mid-teens for your investors. And we get paid a fee on the MidCap assets. Plus, we have some equity outside.
Gary M. Stein: Yes. And we haven't specifically disclosed the fees we get from MidCap, but generally in the Athene zip code.
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. All right, that's helpful. And then just as a follow-up, maybe just a couple of things, Martin, on the financials. And I think you hit on, and I just want to make sure we've got them right, I think you said non-comp would normalize back to the trend line that we've seen over the past couple of quarters. Tax rates seemed a little bit lower, didn't know if that was just mix. And then the incentive comp ratio that you mentioned there was $12 million that was included there. And that was maybe onetime, but I just wanted to get a sense on the outlook. Are we still somewhere in that 40%, 50% range in a more normal quarter?
Martin Kelly: Sure. So I guess, 3 points on non-comp. Placement fees will be more episodic because we raise funds. Adjusting for that non-comp expenses, you should look at last year's sort of run rate as the best proxy going forward. Q1 was a bit light for a couple of reasons. On the incentive pool, we accrued that based on realizations. And so if you look at the realized profit share to realized carry ratio, it's around 40%. When you apply that to economic carry in any particular quarter, it can skew it, but over the term, I think sort of low to mid-40s as an appropriate range for the profit sharing. And on taxes, we spoke at the Investor Day about a 10% to 20% ENI tax rate over the longer term. That remains, I think, an appropriate range over time. We should have a lower rate in 2015 for a couple of reasons. One is we're benefiting from the Athene C&S fee, which was taxable, even though it was noncash, haven't gone away. And so that's reduced taxable income. And we also have some stock deductions this year, which should provide additional benefits. So I think if you break down the taxes, this year, we would expect a single-digit tax rate on our Management Business from an NOI perspective. And then the overall NOI tax rate depends on the mix of taxable to non within the incentive company, which is hard to predict. The other point I'd make though is from a cash tax perspective, cash taxes in the quarter were around 2%. And I would also expect cash taxes for the year to be in the single-digit area as we look forward to expected taxable income on what we expect to sell.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz of Citi.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And I certainly appreciate the enhanced disclosure [indiscernible]. Question is on Athene, just given some of the changes being proposed by the Department of Labor on fiduciary reform, how do you think, if at all, such impact might have on Athene's ability to grow?
Gary M. Stein: Obviously, the rules are still out for comment, and we'll see ultimately where they land. I would just point out, from Athene's standpoint, they don't sell product into the 401(k) market. They do sell into IRA market, but not the 401(k) market. So it's -- at this point, I think the view is that we wouldn't expect it to have any significant impact on their business, but I think it's too early to tell until the rules get finalized to see -- to able to -- to have a better view on that.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Second question is, just sort of coming back to your emphasis on the growth of the management fee, although over the last several years it's a powerful trend, how do you think about that translating into the dividend -- or distribution, excuse me? I think you said that roughly $0.15 was your sort of base dividend and another $0.18 or so from other items. Is there a chance that there's an opportunity there to raise the minimums as you look ahead?
Martin Kelly: Yes. I think I would look at -- and one of the reasons we've provided enhanced disclosures this quarter is to highlight the cash earnings of the management company. So I would look at that, which was $0.26 for the quarter. And within a couple of pennies, I think in any quarter, that's a good proxy for the cash earnings in the management company. So I sort of look at that as the core cash earnings of the company with upside obviously from whatever we sell in the incentive company.
Joshua J. Harris: = But we take your point, it's something we should -- like the sort of how we talk about the base dividend is something we should think through given what Martin just said.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Also appreciate the enhanced disclosure, very helpful. Let me start on -- just on fundraising. Maybe you guys could talk a little bit about some of the mutual fund sub-advisory you mentioned last quarter, whether you see, first of all, the Oppenheimer. Maybe it's still too early for the Oppenheimer flow situation, but also for other deals like that where you're sub-advising the liquid fixed income portions of retail money. And if you can also comment on other abilities or other potential for outsourcing fixed annuity assets, and then including the 22% for Athene, if there's a range where you think that could end up being -- it's obviously been pretty good traction in that so far.
Gary M. Stein: Yes. Look, I think on the first part of your question about Oppenheimer, yes, it is still too early to comment. We remain in a quiet period on that, as the shareholder vote has not yet been completed, but we do hope that will come to a conclusion shortly. Broadly speaking, in terms of that, we had said on a prior call that the sub-advisory relationship with Oppenheimer, was really the first -- with a '40 Act fund, for us, we do think that opportunity has the ability to scale over time. And so we will continue to keep you posted as things develop there. With respect to Athene and the sub-advisory percentage at 22%, as we've noted, that has been ticking up over the past quarter since the Aviva deal closed. And our view is that should continue to tick up as we continue to find opportunities to put the capital to work, but there is no target percentage that we could point to at this point. But again, we do expect that to continue to gradually increase.
Joshua J. Harris: It's worth pointing out that free Aviva was at 32 and Aviva brought on a lot of assets, and it just takes time to absorb all those assets in a way that is effective for Athene and allows us -- allows them to leverage our platform. And it's been going up about 1% a quarter. And we don't really see it slowing down for a while, but we're going to keep working on trying to make it higher and higher and higher because it's mutually beneficial.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. That's helpful. And then also, just maybe, Josh, can you comment on your view on deployment opportunities? It sounded like a pretty good quarter for deployment, but given your view that valuations are high in the credit markets, maybe where are you seeing incremental opportunities? And maybe just some overall color on the credit markets in general.
Joshua J. Harris: Yes. So I mean, I think the credit markets continue to be impacted by global quantitative easing and be extremely aggressive. And so it's a more difficult time to invest generally. I'm not sure that environment's going to end anytime soon. So we're relying on the strength of -- the breadth of our platform to define investment opportunities in credit and in private equity that are more opportunistic, idiosyncratic or kind of require incremental complexity, less -- some untraded stuff. So in terms of like what those opportunities are, certainly, as we've mentioned in the past, you have the banks kind of moving out of certain asset classes. And the banks are the largest institutions in the market. And so there are many, many asset classes that become less overvalued or get undervalued. And so certainly, asset-backed finance is certainly an energy when you have volatility. That can create some opportunities, direct origination. And as we've talked about in MidCap, banks used to do a lot of that nonperforming loans, are being sold off. Europe provides an area of opportunity. Although certainly, with the new quantitative easing that's going on in Europe, that's gotten -- that's affected that. So really the opportunities are idiosyncratic. And what we try to do is set up our platform to be able to absorb aircraft leasing, insurance liabilities, set up our platform to absorb these opportunities when they arise. And we've been successful in doing that. The only other thing that I would mention is that certainly, the breadth of our credit platform is moving from sort of high yield into crossover investment grade and investment grade. So probably [Audio Gap] is illiquid or not rated, untraded crossover investment grade. And so we're starting to -- that opens up a lot of AUM for us to be able to go after and capture. And so we expect that to be a larger growth opportunity for us going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee of KBW.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: And I'll just echo everyone else. I appreciate the enhanced disclosure. Just a couple of quick questions on fundraising. I know you mentioned your end market, another real estate fundraising, another energy fund. Can you just remind us on kind of the targeted sizes of those? And then, also, I guess, Delta -- Athene's pending acquisition of Delta Lloyd, which, I guess, would bring another $5 billion of assets, any update on the expected closing of that transaction?
Gary M. Stein: Okay. Yes, so on that, let me start with Delta Lloyd. And I should point out, for those of you who may not have seen or heard the call, Athene hosted a conference call. The management team hosted a conference call on Tuesday, and a replay of that call is on the homepage of the AP Alternative Assets website. There's also a helpful presentation, which provides an update on the Athene business. And in that presentation, they noted that Delta Lloyd is actually now sitting with $6 billion of assets, and they are working with BaFin to push that through the regulatory process and get the transaction closed. So that's underway.
Joshua J. Harris: On fundraising, we haven't really put out the targets. But what I can say is that we expect both of those fundraisers to exceed what we had last time. So -- and certainly, in the case of natural resources to be multiples of. And so it's all -- all the momentum is very positive.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: All right. And then one question for Martin, and I apologize if you had mentioned this earlier, I had to jump off for a brief period. Quarter-to-date, any update on quarter-to-date activity that we should note in terms of realizations and whatnot?
Martin Kelly: Sure. So we've announced 2 transactions, which haven't closed, one is Great Wolf and the other is Brit. And combined, they're $0.10 of cash earnings. They may close Q2, they may close Q3.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski of Oppenheimer.
Christoph M. Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: A question for Josh. Just in your comments on the credit market, I'm wondering, is the issue just that there's no value left in any other markets or is there an issue that you are seeing negative migrations in your own ratings, and actual deterioration of underlying credits other than maybe in energy.
Joshua J. Harris: No. So I'm glad you asked that. So no, no, in the underlying credits and underlying economy is -- I mean, it's not obviously blistering growth, but it's very steady sort of growth. In fact, I mean, the U.S. is generally in the mid-2s and Europe is turning around. Global growth is in the mid-2s, heading towards 3. So the credits are all fine. It's really a function of the fact that there's over 20 countries that are quantitatively using today, and 2/3 of the world's government rates are negative. So you have negative real rates. And so what happens when that occurs is that anything that is easy to understand, liquid and rated, there's just a wall of money on the wanting to buy credit. And so you've got to get out of the way of the wall of money hitting the credit markets and get into things that are not rated, that don't have CUSIPs, that are a little more complicated, that are directly sourced. If all you're doing is looking at your Bloomberg and buying something that is priced off of the treasury curve, definitionally, it's going to be -- it's not going to have a lot of value in that. And so what we're doing is quite different than that obviously. We're getting out of the way of that. Our whole platform is set up to take advantage of things that aren't as affected by that. But certainly, the entire investment world will be affected by the amount of money hitting the system by the central banks. And so certainly, our mark's there. Our credit's actually quite good, but it's just a return.
Christoph M. Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: It's not a matter of getting the coupons?
Joshua J. Harris: Well, it is. It's a matter of the total return. So the total -- like again, so the high yield today or bank debt, you're earning kind of low 6s for a single B high-yield instrument. That's where the market is today. So if you went back historically and looked at an average over many, many years, that'll be closer to 10. So I guess, I'm saying the relative value of the absolute yield of everything has come down because a lot of huge money players, the pension funds and the sovereign wealth funds and the endowments all hold a lot of fixed income that might be earning 2. And if you buy a 10-year treasury at 2 with inflation at 2, you're getting grand total of 0 on your money. And so that affects the credit world. That affects the credit world. So everyone who plays in the credit world is dealing with this. I think the thing about it is it could go on for a while. I'm not sure that there's really -- I think there's just a lot of flexibility and capacity in the world to allow the central banks to do that. And the U.S. certainly is starting to come out of that, but the rest of the world, Europe and Japan and even China now are starting to do more of that. And if you look at the overall level of quantitative easing, it's actually gone up, not down. And so I think the U.S. rates will be impacted by that, as will global rates.
Christoph M. Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Yes. I guess, what I was getting at is you're not seeing or expecting a wall of defaults either. Are you?
Joshua J. Harris: No, I mean, I think you'll have -- so relative to like opportunistic credit and distressed, I don't personally, and this is -- obviously, my crystal ball is as murky as everyone else's, but I think the 2008 style massive systematic collapse and creation of distressed and opportunistic credit. If I had to bet, I would bet it would be -- you're going to have to be a lot smarter about it. So energy gets distressed, natural resources with the strong dollar's getting distressed. Certain aspects of retail are getting distressed. Shipping has been distressed. Europe is distressed in certain cases. So I think there are opportunities in stressed and distressed and opportunistic. But it's not a systematic opportunity, it's a very targeted rolling opportunity that will be based on business conditions in certain sectors. And so the breadth of your platform, in being smart about it, is what's going to drive your ability to put interesting investment returns on the board and not waiting for some big collapse.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Crdit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Of the $0.35 of deed this quarter, do you have handy the contribution from your permanent capital vehicles like Athene, MidCap, the BDC, the REITs? And I'm wondering how we should think about this level on a more normalized basis given that you just formed MidCap in the quarter.
Martin Kelly: I don't have that to hand. What I can say is that MidCap at its current asset level is contributing about $10 million of management fees per year. And so with that comes a little bit of costs, but that's -- apply an Athene-like management fee structure to an asset growth. And that will drive that up.
Joshua J. Harris: Can I just -- I would just point you to Page 8 because I just want to take your question on a little bit more directly. Permanent capital of $70 billion of our $95 billion of fee-generating AUM in credit. It's a little hard to answer your question because the cost structure is services, all the vehicles and all the funds and all the other -- both permanent and nonpermanent capital vehicles. So I think that's about -- I mean, without getting into cost accounting and allocation and other things, you can see that $70 billion out of $95 billion is about -- so just take the credit DNI and multiply by 70-95ths, and that will get you close. I think beyond that, we're going to be doing allocations and other things. I mean, the permanent capital does tend to be higher margin. It's a good margin business. So it's probably better than that, to be honest with you, but that's probably as good a way to get a feel for it as any.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And Josh, it's pretty easy to kind of back in the revenue, but expense color would be helpful just because this is a more stable, potentially a higher valued stream of earnings there. And that's kind of why I was asking you that. But just as my follow-up on the private equity side, Fund VIII, can you remind us when the investment period for this fund ends? I'm just checking it out here, and it looks like there's still $16 billion of dry powder tucked into that fund.
Martin Kelly: Yes, between 4 and 5 years from now. They have plenty of time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brennan Hawken of UBS.
Brennan Hawken - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I'd also like to say thanks for the enhanced disclosure. It's really great. On Athene, just a quick one, so the NAIC is considering a rule change to captive reinsurance. What impact do you think that could have on the returns at Athene? And could you walk us through that a bit?
Gary M. Stein: Yes. I mean, I think I would probably put that one to Athene, but I would just say, generally, Athene does not really use captives. They have one captive that was a holdover from the Aviva transaction, but it's not really how they operate their business. But beyond that, I don't think we could comment about potential NAIC rule changes at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Harris of Wells Fargo.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I want to direct you to Slide 11, my question's going to be based off that slide. If we just look at your credit funds that are below the hurdles, is there kind of a general characterization you can make as to maybe why those are below the hurdles? Is it energy-related investments? Is it something else? Or is it really -- is that too broad of kind of a characterization to try to identify it?
Martin Kelly: I think that's certainly part of it. That's certainly part of the answer, particularly as it relates to the drawdown component there. And then if you look at the $12 billion in its entirety, about 50% of that is within 250 basis points of getting to carry, and some of that is just sort of new investments in the CLO business and elsewhere across the liquid performing platform. But some of it is certainly energy broadly defined in the natural resources, including sort of metals, mining and so on.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Is it fair to say that the pretty significant recovery we've seen in crude oil lately is having a positive impact on those credits since the end of the quarter?
Martin Kelly: We've seen -- in April, we've seen a bounce-back, more so in the opportunistic business than across the broad platform. They're both up, but opportunistic is up more. And so, yes, that's true. I think the account that we mentioned in the prepared remarks that had the clawback this quarter, most of that was due to unrealized losses related to natural resources. And more than half of that account has returned in the month of April. So I think we are seeing it across the platform. We're not sort of back, but we're getting back.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And a quick follow-up, if I may, Martin, on the -- I think you said $0.10 on the realization so far or if you were to realize it on this quarter, that's what it would be. I believe Brit paid a special dividend. Does that number include the special dividend from Brit? And how will that show up exactly?
Martin Kelly: Yes. Most of that -- $0.09 of that $0.10 is Great Wolf. So Brit's only a small piece.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley.
Michael J. Cyprys - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So a question just about the credit business and the carried interest there or cash carried interest. Just wondering how we should be thinking about the cash carried credit. On a trailing 12-month, it looks like it's about $240 million or so down from about $400 million that was generated in 2013. Yet the carry eligible AUM was up about 20% over that period since 2013. So I guess, how should we think about the trajectory of cash carry of credit? And then, I guess, just related to that, as you think about growing the credit business, in the past, you've put some large targets out there, I think about $250 billion or so for credit. How much of that should we think about being carry-eligible at the 15%, 20% carry rates?
Martin Kelly: So the way I think about it is, I guess, let's look back at actuals, and then we'll forward. So in 2013, the credit business generated economic carry, net carry of $0.80. In 2014, it generated $0.40, and that's with the MG losses in the fourth quarter. It's obviously tough to predict a quarter on a perspective basis. But if you look at what's in the ground today earn and carry, $20 billion, a way to apply a 10% rate to that, which I think is conservative. But assume 10% after carry, after profit share and after taxes that's about $0.50 a year. If you then took the $42 billion of carry eligible AUM and credit and said, "Let's say we could get that, the in-carry amount up to $30 billion, that gets you to $0.75 a share." So I think without raising any more money and just looking at what's in the ground today with some reasonable potential, that sort of frames, I think, a realistic carry rate over time, obviously add to that new capital raises and growth in carry assets.
Michael J. Cyprys - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And was that cash carry?
Martin Kelly: Well, it becomes cash carry. So I'm talking sort of economic appreciation, which will convert to cash carry as it [indiscernible].
Michael J. Cyprys - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. I guess, I was just thinking about the timeframe. Could you help us think about the timeframe for it to get to the cash carry component?
Joshua J. Harris: I mean, the only way -- I mean, the drawdown funds are generally run like private equity funds. So it's on Realization. I mean, obviously, it's a pretty complicated question. We'd have to go back through and look at all the -- they're not going to be held as long as private equity investments, is my guess, but there's a lot of funds in there. There's nonperforming loans and there's distressed. And so my guess is that rather than a 5 or 7-year hold, you're probably half of that. But you're not -- it's certainly not going to turn every year, but that's a very broad guess. The liquid performing is going to be more predictable annually because it's mostly interest expense. And so that's just going to come out every year and be what it will be. So there's a component of that, that is pretty much predictably going to become cash. The non-opportunistic part of it generally will become cash in the year. That's also the part that doesn't have as much incentive fee. So it's probably worth -- we'll take on -- like you're asking, there's a 1,000 pieces that add up to a whole. So we can certainly take on some of these questions and communicate over time. But that's probably as good as we could say today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington of JPMorgan.
Amanda Yao - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Amanda stepping in for Ken. All of our questions have been asked and answered at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Bulent Ozcan of RBC.
Bulent S. Ozcan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a question on your private equity portfolio. Could you give us a little more color on the appreciation in the quarter, and then also maybe talk about the EBITDA growth at your portfolio companies in the first quarter, and maybe if you have updated data in the month of April? And then secondly, on the ratio of companies that are based in value, based on public quotes. That number has declined to 39%. And I'm just wondering what, going forward, if that number could decline any further or if you're kind of hitting the bottom here. [Audio Gap] and if we are going to see that number tick up again over time?
Martin Kelly: Sure. So let me start, and then I'll hand it over to Josh. So in the quarter, TU was up 2.2%. And if you exclude energy, that would have been about 120 basis points higher. So that's the raw performance.
Joshua J. Harris: And in the S&P, it was up 1 in chance.
Martin Kelly: And then if you look at the sort of the construction of the book, it obviously depends on what we sell. For each of the 3 key funds, they're all at a different point in their maturity. Fund VI is about 2/3 public, Fund VII is about 1/3 public and Fund VIII is all private. So each of those companies has its own story and will be managed to an exit that's appropriate for the company. So it's hard to sort of say we're at the low as a percentage, public as a percentage, but it could certainly [indiscernible].
Joshua J. Harris: Well, the color I would add to that is, obviously -- I mean, as we've said publicly, and as you've noticed, that we've been through a pretty significant -- realizations have been exceeding investing for several years now for 3 or 4 years. And so that's -- you're at the tail end of a large realization cycle, and you're now into the build value cycle on a relative basis. And so what happens is that you're -- the percentage of public goes down because you're the public companies that you were midstream and exiting kind of -- you don't have as many of those because they're private, because you just bought them. Plus, the distress cycle hasn't been as productive recently. And so we sold a lot of public debt securities and don't own as many of those on a relative basis. So obviously, I can't predict the future. What Martin's saying is absolutely true. But my guess is we're sort of in and around a low point, I'm not saying it couldn't go a little lower. But based on the overall big picture fundamental that I've just laid out, I would expect it to go back up over time.
Martin Kelly: And in terms of the company performance for revenue and EBITDA, it's really a continuation of what we've talked about in the last quarter or 2. So in 12 months Q1 -- on 12 months Q1, revenues were up 1.6% across the whole portfolio. And that was up in both industrials and non-industrials, which is how we break it down. EBITDA was up significantly. It was up 8.5%. So that's just -- the headline there is organic growth in revenues and more active cost management.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kaimon Chung of Evercore ISI.
Kaimon Chung - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Josh, just curious if you expect bulk selling of the NPLs in Europe. And I'm also just curious why the interest expense moved out of the Management Business and into the Incentive Business?
Joshua J. Harris: Okay. So you -- I think you asked about whether the NPL business is going to grow over time and what's going on with it. Certainly, in the short run, yes, the NPL business is going to grow over time. It's been a good business for us. I'd say in the very short run, it slowed down based on some of the actions taken by the EC, which took some pressure off the banks, but we have a number of transactions going on right now. And that's a business that we're very differentiated in. And we have 1,000 servicing people. We're seeing sort of opportunities even today. They're shifting a bit towards real estate, back nonperforming loans, but continue to grow that business.
Martin Kelly: And on the interest expense, our debt principally funds our balance sheet. And for both ENI and ENI purposes, we include the earnings on the balance sheet in the incentive company. And so we reclassified the interest expense to align with that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee of KBW.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I just had 2 of them. First, on the carried interest, I'm on Page 15, just kind of curious, the accrued carry -- the net accrued carrying credit, I mean, If you look at that as kind of the -- it looks like the profit shares are pretty high on that relative to kind of the other segments. Is there anything -- is that -- should we expect that that's really kind of the rate going forward for credit or is there something specific to the mix currently that's driving the net down?
Martin Kelly: It's a mix issue. It's a quarter that has 0 net carry. And so when you have funds that are both up and down and better within that number and different carry -- sorry, different profit-share rates. The resulting profit-share ratio across the whole thing was abnormal.
Joshua J. Harris: But I mean, think 40%. I mean, it's pretty standard.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the second question is going to mid-city, and I know we've talked about a little bit on the last earnings call, but just to try to understand the Apollo relationship, obviously, there's the -- you manage the assets, you get the Athene-like managing fees, which you've talked about, but you also mentioned, Josh, that there's some equity upside. I mean, should we think of this that's longer-term, that's similar to Athene, and that maybe somewhere down the road, you also get paid in options or equity and that gives you some upside to MidCap down the road?
Martin Kelly: Yes, it's down the road. So we earn a management fee, paid in cash on the assets subject to a cap, and that's the predictable amount. We also have a promoted interest in the structure, which is depending on that business to successfully growing over time. So it's something that we'll monetize at some point, we expect, but not for some years.
Joshua J. Harris: And we have warrants. So we have all of it. So the answer is, yes, you should think about it exactly like Athene kind of broadly. And we'll think about what we -- there seems to be a lot of -- I mean, at this point, obviously, there's $2 billion of equity. We think we have $5 billion to $7 billion of buying power. It's not huge right now, but it is something that we expect will grow very quickly. So maybe we'll try to provide some enhanced disclosure around it, around the sort of -- that make it a little more transparent. Let us think about that.
Operator: That concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I will now return the floor to Gary Stein for any additional or closing remarks.
Gary M. Stein: Yes, I just want to say thanks, to everybody, for joining the call today. And as I said earlier, if you have any follow-up questions, please circle back to Noah Gunn or myself.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the Apollo Global Management's 2015 first quarter earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Stein  Head-Corporate Communications Leon Black  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director Josh Harris  Senior Managing Director and Director Martin Kelly  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bill Katz  Citi Mike Carrier  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Devin Ryan  JMP Securities Chris Harris  Wells Fargo Ken Worthington  JP Morgan Patrick Davitt  Autonomous Research Brian Bedell  Deutsche Bank Michael Cyprys  Morgan Stanley Brennan Hawken  UBS
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Managements 2014 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. During todays presentation, all callers will be placed in a listen-only mode. And following managements prepared remarks, the conference call will be opened up for your questions. This conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications.
Gary Stein: Thanks, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me today from Apollo are Leon Black, Chairman and CEO; Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director; and Martin Kelly, Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this morning, Apollo reported non-GAAP, after-tax economic net income of $0.23 per share for the fourth quarter and $1.42 for the full year ended December 31, 2014. Apollo also reported distributable earnings to common and equivalent holders of $0.91 per share for the fourth quarter and $3.13 for the full year. We declared a cash distribution of $0.86 per share for the fourth quarter bringing the total for the full year to $2.89. Todays conference call may include forward-looking statements and projections, and we ask that you refer to our most recent filings with the SEC for important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements and projections. We dont undertake to update our forward-looking statements or projections unless required by law. We will also be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, such as economic net income and distributable earnings, which are reconciled to our GAAP net income attributable to Class A shareholders. These reconciliations are included in our fourth quarter earnings press release, which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website. Please also refer to our most recent filings with SEC for additional information on non-GAAP measures and risk factors relating to our business. As a reminder, this conference call is copyrighted property and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without our consent. If you have any questions about any information in the release or on this call, please feel free to follow-up with me or Noah Gunn after the call. With that, Id like to turn the call over to Leon Black, Chairman and CEO of Apollo Global Management.
Leon Black: Thanks, Gary, and good morning, everyone. At our inaugural Investor Day in mid-December, you heard a story about growth about diversification and about investment excellence delivered by a deep bunch of extraordinary professionals. We demystified parts of our business by providing on enhance level of transparency particularly within credit. And importantly, we outlined a growth strategy, which we strongly believe is well within our reach. During my remarks this morning, Id like to reflect on the few of our most significant accomplishments during the past year. Then, Ill turn the call over to Josh who will provide you with additional color on some of our key business activities. As we look back on the year, 2014 continued to build on the strong momentum we generated previously. First, we continued to be incredibly active in monetizing our funds portfolios and delivering significant returns while at the same time enhancing the profitability of our management business. The funds we manage generated total distributions of more than $16 billion during the year, which resulted in a $1.7 billion of gross realized carry. The pretax cash earnings contribution of our management business increased 53% year-over-year to $435 million, or approximately $1.07 per share aided by improving margins. So putting these pieces together, strong realized gains in private equity and solid performance in our management business were the primary drivers of our $2.89 per share cash distribution for 2014, the second highest annual distribution in our history. In fact, 2014 capped a five-year period where Apollo has paid out in aggregate more than $10 per share in cash to our shareholders, representing more than 50% of our $19 IPO price on the New York Stock Exchange nearly four years ago. Next, we continue to solidified our position as a leading global alternative investment manager and drive our business forward during 2014, using a multi-pronged approach, including organic fundraising efforts supporting existing strategic initiatives to spur future growth and leveraging our ability to identify and originate new business opportunities. On fund raising, we raised nearly $10 billion of capital last year, a year that did not include a flagship private equity fund. This organic growth was driven by our continued success in meeting the strong limited partner demand were seeing across the credit spectrum through raising larger successor vintage funds to spoke managed accounts and newer open end products, which lever our existing expertise and product diversification. We continue to fortify existing strategies to pursue new growth opportunities. In addition, to the $10 billion we raised for our funds and managed accounts, we helped Athene raise $1.2 billion of pre-IPO equity last spring. They have subsequently used this capital to strengthen their balance sheet, bolster their product distribution capabilities and pursue opportunistic growth. Athene remains on a strong growth trajectory as evidenced by the recently announced Delta Lloyd transaction, which will add approximately $5 billion of assets and represents Athenes first footsteps outside the US annuity market. Third, as we highlighted during our Investor Day, identifying and originating new business opportunities is a perpetual undertaking here at Apollo. The most recent example of this effort is MidCap Financial, an innovative direct origination and lending platform that we formerly announced earlier this week. While we have been active in direct origination for many years, this latest initiative to establish a dedicated permanent capital platform is pursuing the tremendous opportunity we see in the senior secured lending market in a much deeper way. At the outset, MidCap Financial has more than $1.2 billion of capital, including approximately $700 million of new capital committed through a recent fund raising post year end. And we expect the platform to continue to scale in the phase of diminished traditional bank lending activity. Moreover, as four to five times of leverage are applied, we expect the $1.2 billion of equity to increase to $5 billion to $7 billion in gross assets. MidCap Financials direct origination efforts will be focused on the senior secured marketing, including asset backed loans, revolving credit facilities, and other senior secured credit across a wide variety of industries. MidCap has entered into an investment management agreement with Apollo, and Apollo will earn an asset management fee on MidCaps gross assets. Notwithstanding rising asset prices in double-digit market purchase price multiples in private equity in 2014, we at Apollo remain committed to our value orientation and continue to identify a variety of attractive investment opportunities. Across our integrated investment platform, we committed approximately $13 billion of capital during the year, of which we deployed $10 billion. This was driven by strong activity across our platform where, in a generally overvalued market, we continue to find what we believe are attractive opportunities in the number of regions and industries, such as in energy, which Josh will discuss in a few minutes. In private equity specifically our funds committed $4.6 billion of capital, of which $2.2 billion was deployed during the year. In line with our value orientation the average creation multiple on new commitments was approximately six times, which is four - which is more than four turns below the 2014 industry average. Our pipeline of committed but not yet deployed capital was $2.7 billion as of December 31 of which $1.5 billion was related to asset buildups that we expect will be deployed over time with the balance related to deals that have been signed but not yet closed. On a related note, we have committed nearly 20% of Fund VIII through December 31, so we believe we are well positioned to deploy the fund within its investment period. As we emphasized in our Investor Day, as we look forward to 2015 and beyond, we believe our value-oriented investment style, integrated alternative investment platform, and ability to innovate leave us exceptionally well positioned for meaningful future growth and profitability. With that Id like to turn the call over to Josh for some additional comments.
Josh Harris: Thanks, Leon. Id like to continue the call by providing some specific commentary around investment performance and capital raising. Starting with investment performance. Given the volatility were seeing in oil prices, its not surprising that a common thread between the relatively muted performance in PE and credit during the fourth quarter was largely due to marks on our energy investments. To put some context around this, our funds energy exposure is only 5% of our $112 billion of AUM in Apollo managed funds and accounts. This includes the sub advised portion of Athene. However, material volatility in one sector in any given quarter can have an impact on the performance of our funds, which in turn can impact our incentive business. Our private equity fund portfolio is appreciated by approximately half a percent during the fourth quarter. If we excluded energy related investments from the private equity fund in the fourth quarter, the funds would have been up 5%. Looking at performance over the past two years, the private equity funds have appreciated by a combined 59% with approximately 6% appreciation in 2014 and more than 50% appreciation in 2013. Turning to credit, amid a generally soft backdrop that saw many indices post modest declines during the quarter, the approximately $60 billion of Apollo managed funds in our credit business produced a breakeven return fees and expenses. If we excluded energy related investments from the Apollo managed funds within credit, for the same period performance wouldve been improved by approximately a 100 basis points. For the year, this diversified pool of credit assets generated a positive return of 4.2% net to our fund investors. Given that our funds have long-term capital investment horizons, we believe that the recent volatility creates investment opportunities. Going forward, you should expect our contrarian style of investing to drive us to lean into situations from which others may be running. In certain cases where the market values are falling, our conviction remains. Our funds are buying more to build on existing positions at a lower average cost. As demonstrated by our long-term track record, this contrarian approach has proven to be a highly rewarding strategy, and its the hallmark of an investment style. In the energy sector specifically, based on our deep industry and technical expertise, we continue to believe this is the very attractive area to be raising and investing capital. And so we are tactically working to take advantage of the market dislocation. This leads into fund raising, where we are active on many fronts. As Leon mentioned, we raised $10 billion across the platform during the year, and that does not include an incremental $5 billion of assets we began to subadvise for Athene during the year. While fourth quarter fund raising was relatively light, we have strong momentum heading into 2015, which we believe will be another strong fund raising year for the firm. Then private equity, Im happy to report the recent launch of our second natural resources fund. We expect this fund will be significantly larger than its predecessor. This fund will continue upon our strategy of private equity investing in natural resources, principally in energy, and metals, and mining and agricultural sectors through distressed investments, asset acquisition and buildup strategies and corporate carveouts. Turning to our credit business, given our integrated investment platform, were also actively exploring of variety of ways to prudently meet investor demand for energy credit in both the yield and opportunistic areas, which target different levels of liquidity and return. The investment strategy in both these areas is focused on investing in discounted high-yield debt in the secondary market with the yield opportunity targeting returns in the 8% to 10% range and the opportunistic investments targeting 15% or greater. You can expect that we will try to move quickly to capitalize on some of the opportunities we are seeing in energy, but its important to note, we remain particularly selective in the current environment. Looking at our credit fund raising activities more broadly, we continue to grow our existing managed account relationships. Consistent with a trend we highlighted on last quarters earnings call, we had three existing investors contribute additional capital to their accounts. That resulted in $500 million of incremental commitments during the fourth quarter. In addition to increased traction we are seeing with existing investors, were also in active discussions for new mandates. By providing LPs with holistic unconstrained credit solutions targeted to their needs, we believe that we are providing a differentiated service that is not easily replicated elsewhere in the marketplace. Next, we continue to raise capital for our third structure credit recovery fund. This brought in approximately $300 million during the quarter and we are sitting with total commitments of approximately $500 million as of year-end. That fund is likely to hold a final close later this year. As a reminder, we also continue to raise capital for a number of our open-ended strategies such as total return funds and credit hedge funds. In addition, we continue to opportunistically raise new CLOs in the US and Europe. In real estate, the fund raising effort for second U.S. real estate fund is actively underway. We currently expect that fund will be larger than its predecessor Lastly, Id like to highlight that as part of our effort to expand our reach in the retail channel, Oppenheimer funds recently disclosed that the board of its Global Strategic Income Fund, a fund was $6.5 billion in assets and a track record of nearly 25 years, has added Apollo as a sub-advisor to the Fund pending shareholder approval. The goal here is to provide retail investors with access to Apollos credit expertise where there is currently limited exposure in the fund. This announcement is notable as this is our first sub-advisory relationship with a 40 Act mutual fund and we believe this type of opportunity is scalable given our expertise and differentiated product offering. Ill now like to turn the call over to Martin Kelly, for some comments on our financial results. Martin.
Martin Kelly: Thanks Josh and good morning again everyone. With regards to our cash distribution, the $0.86 we declared today includes our regular distribution of $0.15 plus $0.71 of other cash earnings. The additional amount above our regular distribution was primarily driven by carried interest earned from the sales of Athlon, Semico and Prestige, dividends from McGraw-Hill and Great Wolf, realized carry earned in the credit business, as well as refinements to cash tax estimates. Subsequent to the transactions in the fourth quarter, quarter, Fund VI held 45.5 million shares of Norwegian and 13.9 million shares of Sprouts. Moving to our management business, for the fourth quarter, Apollos management business earned $164 million of ENI, exhibiting strong year-over-year growth. Looking quarter-over-quarter, management business revenues were impacted by a $7.5 million contra revenue item at Athene Asset Management that was offset in the salary bonus and benefit plan within management business expenses. We currently expect approximately $6 million of the $7.5 million normalized in both management fees and compensation in the first quarter of 2015. Non-compensation related expenses within the management business were modestly lower quarter-over-quarter. The meaningful increase in other income within the management business was driven by a $30 million non-cash reduction to the value of the Firms tax receivable agreement. The impact of this adjustment is offset by an increase in the ENI income tax provision. Excluding this item, our effective tax rate on ENI would have been 7% in the fourth quarter. Turning to our incentive business, beyond the color that Josh already provided around our investment performance, Id like to provide some additional details. In private equity the modest depreciation in the fourth quarter was driven by 3% appreciation in publicly-traded equity holdings, partially offset by two drivers. The first was the private holdings were essentially flat. The second driver was some negative marks in publicly-traded debt holdings, a relatively small portion of the overall portfolio, which represents some ongoing distressed situations being pursued by our funds. To elaborate on credit a bit further, you may have noticed a shift within our carry generating AUM. Due to the performance in certain of our funds this quarter, some of which was driven by energy marks, we had approximately $8 billion of carry eligible assets within credit move forward their hurdle. Slightly less than 50% of this increase is attributable to funds which had a return for the quarter which was positive, but less than necessary to exceed the preferred return. In total, we have $14 billion of invested carry eligible credit assets that stood below their hurdle or high watermark as of December 31. Approximately 50% of these assets are less than 2% away from reaching their respective hurdles, at which point those assets would again become carry generating. Lastly on the incentive business, as we have noted in the prior quarters, there was a discretionary incentive pool compensation accrual in the quarter of $23 million within the profit share expense. As a reminder, this incentive pool is separate from fund level profit sharing, which can be positive or negative depending on marks, and therefore can have a variable impact on the profit share ratio during a particular quarter. Next, Id like to provide some additional information on Athenes impacts on our results this quarter. First, the percentage of Athene-related assets invested in Apollo managed funds was approximately 21% or $12.6 billion as of December 31, 2014, up slightly from 20% as of September 30. As weve noted previously, we expect the sub-advised assets under management to increase gradually over time as long as we continue to perform well in providing asset management services to Athene and also identify opportunities to redeploy their investment portfolio. Next, as previously Apollo earned its last quarterly monitoring fee, also known as the capital and surplus or C&S fee during the fourth quarter. The amount of this fee was $59 million. As of the end of the fourth quarter, Apollo had an 8.1% economic ownership interest in Athene. This includes earned C&S and related fees through the third quarter of 2014, as well as Apollos general profit stake as the manager of AP Alternative Assets or AAA. In dollar terms, Apollos economic interest in Athene is valued at $382 million on our balance sheet as of December 31. Note that this amount excludes the $121 million gross carry receivable related to AAA as of December 31 and $59 million of C&S and related fees earned in the fourth quarter that we also expect to be paid in shares of Athene at a future date. One last point Id like to mention related to the escrow position of Fund VI. At December 31, Fund VI remained in escrow. As a reminder, escrow occurs when the fair value of the remaining investments in the Fund falls below 115% of the remaining cost of those investments. At December 31, this percentage stood at 104%. Fund VI realization activity through the fourth quarter has resulted in an escrow cash balance of $0.27 per share. The cash in escrow is sitting within the accrued carry balance of the fund. At December 31, the total net carry receivable from Fund VI was $0.30 per share or less than 25% of our Firm-wide net carry receivable balance of $1.33. It is important to note that although it is difficult to forecast how long Fund VI will remain in escrow, as of the end of the fourth quarter, if all of the remaining investments in the Fund were to be liquidated at their then current marks, Fund VIs total net carry receivable, including the cash held in escrow would be paid out to Apollo as the general partner. With that, well turn the call back to the operator and open up the line for any of your questions.
Operator: Thank you. This floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Bill Katz of Citi.
Bill Katz: Hi, thanks very much for taking my question. I guess maybe separately, I guess theres some news out on Athene in terms of restatements. Im sort of curious if you could talk about the implications, if any, there might be on the business?
Gary Stein: Sure, Bill. Good morning. Yes, with respect to the restatements just to put it in perspective with the Athene just to make sure everyone is aware, Athene issued a press release. That was also issued through AAA this morning. So you can find the press release on the AP Alternative Assets website. They issued a pretty lengthy shareholder letter to the Athene investors providing an update on the business, it provide a lot of really good detail. It could in that letter was a reference to the fact that they were going to need to restate their Q1 2014 financials but just to put this in perspective Athene is a private company, were talking about the GAAP financials. At the same time, if they withdrew their GAAP financial information from the AP Alternative Assets website. They did post on their own website their stat financials for the third quarter of 2014. Also in the letter, they said that this restatement is actually going to have a positive impact on Athenes financials, in terms of net income, ROE and book value. And also the letter said they are going to have very strong fundamental performance in the business, they got a few ratings upgrades. They talked about their acquisitions in Germany, and so forth. So I think fundamentally the business at Athene is very strong. So I think good performance there.
Bill Katz: Okay. The second question is sort of a combined question maybe for Leon or Josh, and Id appreciate both of your perspectives. Your MidCap FinCo seems interesting. It seems pretty leverage-able. So part one of the question is, are there more of those you can do, or can you accelerate growth through that entity even faster than the levered growth in front of that? And then secondly, on Oppenheimer, could you talk about the economic impact of that, and are there other sort of other retail platforms out there in the hopper that could add to that opportunity set? So I guess a two-part question, sorry about that.
Josh Harris: Okay, so Ill start with FinCo and then Leon can add on. In FinCo, look, this is a - clearly this is one of biggest opportunities which the long-term trend of banks sort of getting out of direct origination middle-market and asset-based lending. And so that market is, right. So, this is really about we have now created kind of $5 billion to $7 billion of firepower. Were going to keep raising capital at FinCo. And its now about deploying into interesting investment opportunities. And obviously, the choppiness of the market kind of has two effects. One effect is it does affect your fund performance on a quarter - generally when youre not selling, it affects it an unrealized basis, but the first set is it gets tougher for people to finance. And so this will be an opportunity. So yes, I think it could be a lot bigger over time. I dont know, Leon, if you have anything to add.
Leon Black: No, nothing to add. Yes, in OpCo, yes, again, this is another kind of long-term trend about people - the retail investor which is only - which is kind of 1% to 1.5% allocated to alternatives being able to take advantage of kind of alternative credit which more and more is becoming an interesting place for people to be. And they dont have a lot of options to get into that. So this is clearly through a larger fund structure, and thats one channel to get to that retail investor. The reality is there are there are other channels, and we do have similar conversations in the works. And this is one part of the growth in our credit segment, but more and more we are focusing on retail. The retail investor, whether it be tapping into them privately, whether it be through larger fund complexes such as this one, whether it be in essence your closed-end funds in public markets, whether these are high net worth channels, theres multiple opportunities and the retail investor is getting wise about this and saying why is it that endowments should be allocated kind of 30% to alternatives? Why is it that sovereign wealth funds and state pension funds should be allocated 10% to 15% alternatives and why am I only allocated 1%? And so how do I get part of this? And so youre going to see this being a leg of growth in credit across multiple channels. Clearly, income is what retail investors want. Its less - there are interesting things in private equity, but this is really, really larger in credit.
Bill Katz: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Carrier of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Mike Carrier: Thanks guys. Hey Martin, maybe still on the credit segment, just when we think about the growth in 2015 and even 2016, just maybe give us some sense when you think about the assets coming in, the mix of fees versus performance fees, and then probably more importantly, maybe the scale in the business. And particularly when I think about, on your fee earnings, the monitoring fee is coming out on the Athene side, where could you potentially offset that over time as you grow scale throughout the credit segment?
Martin Kelly: Yes, its multiple different ways, on the  and focusing both on the management company and the incentive company, the management company is really consistent with, what we spoke about at the Investor Day, which is growing frequently around [ph], across that the whole suite investments or assets classes in what we call the yield bucket. It includes makeup, but it includes many other asset classes that we spoke to, EM, aircraft lease financing, shipping financing and generally senior secured and mezz lending, all of which we expect to do in an efficient way by managing the costs and improving our margins. On the incentive company side, there is a lot of carry potential within the complex today and that should increase further over time. Within credit, we have about $15 billion of carry invested assets earning carry and we have about the same again of carry generated, sorry, $15 billion of assets that are earning carry, $15 billion have invested is not earning carry, but is close to hurdle. And then we have dry powder on top of that. And so over time over time over the cycle you can apply a 10% to 15% carry rate or promote rate to that. And after profit share derive a meaningful contribution of the business. And then also if you look back in time, just in terms of what we have done, if you take out the last couple of quarters, in credit, which is taken the sell-off, were generating $300 million to $400 million of carry per year, in credit, more in 2012, less in 2011, but over 2013 through the first half of 2014, that was the run rate.
Leon Black: Yes, I mean, just to add, I mean, what we said at the Investor Day, which I still think is true, is that we should be able to increase credit assets kind of double-digit organically just by taking advantage of all the things that Martin talked about, which comeback to that the banks are pulling back and you need kind of institutional lenders such as us and our clients to step in and provide credit to non-investment grade companies and finance assets. And then youve got this opening of the retail channel. And then you have shift within the institutional complex toward alternatives, away from traditional fixed income. And then weve this R&D lab which is in the background which has overtime unpredictably on a quarterly basis to enable us stair step our growth above the organic growth and obviously Athene was a major stair step. We took a major stair step in the financial crisis. MidCap is a step in the right direction. I know its not obviously as large as Athene but were going keep coming out with these things to juice that double organic growth. And then when we look at our credit segment, we see margins going up not down, so overtime we think we should be able to drive margins up from here. In the management company and so I think that would  that sort of gives you a financial picture as much as we can a financial picture what we see happening over a kind of medium-term time period. I mean, obviously, fund-raising is episodic, returns are episodic, and on a quarterly basis, its a little hard to predict. But I think that hopefully lays out the picture. On the incentive side, as Martin said, and Ill just repeat it, we have $15 billion in the ground. Im giving round numbers. We had $15 billion thats in the ground and thats close. So we produce some good returns overtime. Hopefully well get that and then we have I think round numbers about $10 billion of unused capacity to put money in. And we are putting up, if you look at our numbers, were putting a lot of money into the credit markets right now and in specific situations. So again you look at the incentive side of our business and it could go up quite a bit and so that would be the picture that I would paint relative to what we can do.
Mike Carrier: Okay. Thats helpful color. And then just quick on energy, you guys already hit on it. I just wanted to get some sense on when you look at the opportunities out there, how much time you spend in there, given what youre seeing in the market, where you expect returns to be on near-term investments, and then obviously over the next couple of years as you generate the return on the asset.
Josh Harris: Yes, so we spend a lot of time in energy and I think were well positioned in energy because truthfully we have relationships with kind of engineers and scientists all over the US that can underwrite, help us underwrite reserve quality, so we know, we are able to know where the good reserves are, and thats actually tricky. In terms of  and thats point one. Point two is the market has come down broadbrush relative to the price of oil dropping. And so everything has been pushed backwards. And so if youre able to look at those quality companies and quality situations and differentiate them from other situations where the cost of producing oil might be higher, which are much more risky, you can really find some great value. And so thats what we are trying to do. And I think like, fundamentally, we think the price of oil is likely to be higher over time. The issue obviously is predicting what that time period is. And so over a quarter or two quarters or three quarters, no one really knows. Its extremely difficult to predict the price of oil, and we wouldnt try to. So, our general approach is if we find something that we think is long-run intrinsically way undervalued, we are going to buy it. And guess what? If the price goes down, we will buy more of it. And so it does lead  it leads to a little bit of quarterly volatility, which you saw, but ultimately it has led over many years of doing this to fantastic returns. And so thats kind of going to be our approach in energy. We do see it as a really significant fundamental opportunity over the medium-term, and we are going to keep investing capital in it prudently over time.
Mike Carrier: Okay, thanks, guys.
Leon Black: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Devin Ryan of JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Hey, good morning. So, I guess just to beat a dead horse here a little bit on energy, appreciate all that detail. But I know that the investments on the private side are generally hedged out on prices over the next several years. So, Im just trying to think about with respect to marking those private investments, because I know there was not much mark this quarter, do you guys factor in any risk that maybe prices do remain lower through the hedges? Im just trying to think if theres any lag impact to the extent prices dont recover, how that gets reflected through the marking process?
Leon Black: Yes, well, the answer is first of all a lot of our  I mean big chunk of our private equity investments are public, the biggest, the most noted one being EP Energy, and that goes up and down everyday. Feel free to type it up on your Bloomberg. The debt, most of the debt is also public. So, I do think that there is actually a reflection of the market view of the price of oil in those companies and the reality is that I think that - so I think that the markets actually should accurately reflect kind of the price of oil today. And the markets view of whether were hedged or not-hedge. I think, as an investment matter and in terms of a management matter, we actually also agree that price oil to stay low for a number of years. And so therefore with that kind of in the back of our head. We are making investments that will perform were both managing our companies in away and making investments in away that, is that were to happen. And like I said its not predictable that, we would still be able to make a good return and make money on those investments. So were not in anyway predicting or telling anyone that we can predict that short-term price of oil and I think all well say is that long run economic fundamentals will govern. And we dont see these prices are sustainable over a longer period of time. But certainly for a couple of years, they could be sustainable. And so I dont know of that gives you the color of that you want, but thats the way were thinking about it.
Devin Ryan: No, thats actually great. I appreciate that. And then just to follow-up, with respect to Europe, how are you guys looking at the investing landscape there today? Has there been any change? Because theres been clearly a lot of macro crosscurrents with QE and the decline in the euro and just some other moving parts, so Im just curious if kind of the view or opportunity has changed one way or another.
Leon Black: I mean, look, the long run opportunity hasnt really changed, in the sense that, look lets say within Europe you have a banking systems thats away larger than the U.S. deleveraging. And ultimately selling off what I technically call stuff, which is everything, like asset base loans, consumer base loans, corporate loans, businesses. And so that long-run opportunity continues. I do think, with the latest moves by the European monetary authority to announce large infusion of cash into the economies, into the banks and into the system quantitative easing, I would say that doesnt help in terms of assets coming out. So I think we have seen kind of a slow down in dialogue if you will because the banks dont have lots of liquidity, plus its a little more competitive there right now. I think offsetting all of that is that the economy is truly shakier in Europe. And so the opportunity in Europe is much more of a - its much more volatile, but its still interesting, but its different than the U.S. so - and it has slowed down a bit, so there will be a distressed opportunity in Europe, there will be asset sales, the latest trillion dollar infusion has definitely given the banks more liquidity and slowed it down a bit.
Devin Ryan: Great, thanks very much.
Martin Kelly: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Harris of Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: Thanks, hey good morning guys.
Leon Black: Good mooring.
Chris Harris: Broader question about the credit business, this came out at the Investor Day, you guys are looking to enhance your efforts in direct originations, and obviously some of the announcements more recently are further evidence of that. The focus now or the greater focus now on direct origination I cant imagine is kind of an easy thing to transition into. So, just wondering if you guys could talk a little bit about what you are doing within the business to try to make that transition as effective as it can be, and whether that requires any significant investments, or if you feel like your existing infrastructure is kind of set to handle that?
Josh Harris: Yes, so we have been in that business for long time, and certainly obviously our publicly-traded BDC, as a direct origination vehicle we have numerous professionals that are working that business for a long period of time. In many cases, however, managed accounts, we have been relatively diagnostic to how we put capital out relative to good risk-return, if its a good risk-return, whether its a secondary opportunity or direct origination opportunity, weve been doing it. And I have said that more recently, we did acquire MidCap, which has a kind of close to 100 people doing direct origination. And FinCo this new business is the combination of MidCaps infrastructure which existed, and exists down in Bethesda and has been operating very successfully, both before and after Apollos acquisition. And you know kind of $700 million or $800 million of new capital. So thats kind of the way I would add answer it. I think Leon was just adding quietly over there, he keeps on talking to himself that we have several hundred investment professionals in credit that have been doing this for a long time.
Leon Black: This has been by far the fastest growing area of Apollo for five years. And we have added geometrically to the professional staff as we grow out new products and go into different sectors. And clearly, its all part of the secular opportunity, one of there being low interest rates during this period. So that you have an awful lot of pension funds out there that cant meet their 8% bogey and they need to start expanding into other alternative credits instruments and trading, I guess liquidity for yield we would say and the others as you know the regulatory environment that is provided very strong secular tailwinds to those - the build-up that we been doing. So this is just one more piece of an overall tapestry thats being woven over a five-year period and clearly origination is a large and potentially profitable piece of that tapestry that makes a lot of sense for given the infrastructure that weve broke up.
Chris Harris: Okay, great. And a quick follow-up question maybe for Martin. Any read into realization so far in the first quarter, and what that might mean for the dividend?
Martin Kelly: Sure, so we dont have any meaningful PE realizations to date in the first quarter. So may be let me just hit that little bit more broadly. We are a cyclical business, and we are moving from a heavy harvesting size into more of the deployment phase. And I think about that in couple of different ways. Firstly, underpinning the distribution is our management business. And as we talked about our emphasis on growing fee paying AUM and expense management, that sort of anchors our cash distribution, which is around about $1 a share. And then on the incentive company side, we spoke to the unrealized carry on balance sheet which is around $1.30 per share year which will probably take some years to be realized. But we have about $31 billion across the platform of carry earning assets today. We have another $18 billion of assets that are invested but not any carry. And we have dry powder of $29 billion. So, we have in the close to $80 billion of carry eligible assets and then just looking at that by business, in PE, we are actively deploying into Fund VIII, which we spoke to. Thats not in carry yet but will get there, and natural resources as well. So we have about $20 billion of dry powder in that segment. Fund VII is active. Its about a third public, and there some private companies in there that are sort of maturing to an exit. And then Fund VI is in escrow, which we will continue to sell out of. But when and how that fund comes out of escrow really depends first on future value as well as the sequencing in which remaining investments are sold. And then credit we spoke to earlier on the call in terms of the carry potential there.
Chris Harris: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Worthington of JP Morgan.
KenWorthington: Hi. Good morning. First, in terms of Athene and the announced acquisition of Delta Lloyd, is it likely or possible that Apollo will be retained to provide some sort of services similar to what Athene does for the annuity  or what Apollo does for its ingenuity business today? Or is it just a big enough difference where its unlikely that Apollo can provide services to help out that business?
Leon Black: Yes, thanks, Ken. I would say at this point the deal was just announced a couple of weeks ago. Its got to go through regulatory approval process in Germany. That will take a couple of quarters to get it closed. They expect it to get closed in the third quarter. As part of the review process, the regulators will review the business plan. So I would say its too early to say what the economics will look like, but we do expect that there will be an arrangement in place probably with different economics than what we have in place here in the US, presumably a bit lower, but too early to say definitively at this point. Overall, just to emphasize there is a lot of enthusiasm for Athene and what they are doing, both in the US and in Germany this acquisition in Germany provides potentially a really exciting platform to potentially replicate what Athene has been able to do in the US and Germany, which has a lot of similarities to the US market.
KenWorthington: Interesting, thank you. And then Josh, you spoke fast, so I couldve completely misheard this, so I apologize. Did you say that you expect Athene to sub-advise or maybe Athene did sub-advise another $5 billion in January? And if so, thats a big step up. Why now? Where does the money go? Any flavor about that? But Im not sure if I heard it right to begin with.
Leon Black: No, just to clarify what Josh said was during 2014 there was an incremental $5 billion of assets from Athene that were some advice in Apollo funds.
Ken Worthington: Got it. Okay, I knew it was too good to be true. Okay, good. And then maybe separately since I blew that question, $14 billion in credit below the hurdle, you said 56% less than 2% below the hurdle. Of the remaining, whats the situation there? Whats the outlook for recovery? And is this common, like this could just be part of normal business? But how common is this kind of situation for Apollo in credit? Thanks.
Martin Kelly: Sure. Let me address that. So to earn carry, you have to earn the press. So a lot of the issue we had was we earned money but not enough to keep up with the press.
Gary Stein: In the preferred return.
Martin Kelly: And the preferred return and the passage of time. So theres a spectrum of  there is a lot of funds within credit that are carry-generating or have great potential. And theres a spectrum of sort of the appreciation thats necessary to get into carry. But I would say we spoke to 50%. One other data point is if you sort of go up another 100 basis points, you get to 65%, meaning if theres appreciation of 3%, 65% of that AUM fund by fund gets into carry.
Josh Harris: Yes, I mean, Ill take the second one. Ultimately, when you have volatility and you are buying into debts, and in this case we were buying into - obviously we are buying a bunch of energy into debt, amongst other things, its pretty typical. Like in other words, if you go back and look at the marks, even on our PE fund, our most wildly successful PE fund, during the financial crisis, they were well south of cost, $0.50, $0.60 on the dollar. And so this is actually a little bit how you do it. And so I dont think we are giving - I mean, I dont know - I cant give you the specific numbers. I havent studied that specific question enough. But the reality is I dont we are giving up on getting back to kind of incentive fee on very many of those funds. And so I really do think this is kind of just how it works when you want to create enormous value.
Ken Worthington: Okay, cool. Why the question was asked, so your value investors, you buy on the way down. This is typical of the way you invest, so not uncommon. Cool. Thank you very much.
Martin Kelly: Thanks Ken.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick Davitt of Autonomous.
Patrick Davitt: Thanks. In the vein of your answer to the QE question around it slowing the investment opportunity somewhat, Im wondering to what extent it has been a boon to the money thats already in the ground, investments already on the books, so to speak.
LeonBlack: Thats the way it works. And theres no question that some of the nonperforming loan portfolios are going quite well. Again, you kind of buy low, sell high, I hate to really oversimplify, but when yes, things are - if you look at kind of where some things are priced, QE does affect asset prices and stock and financial assets in particular, but yes. So its definitely buoying it.
Patrick Davitt: Okay, great. And then theres been some press around your difficulty in placing the debt of one of your deals, and thats come amid a lot of negative press around the Fusers restructuring. Is there a connection there, or is it just more about stress on the yield markets? And should we be concerned that as you try to do more private equity like deals in the future, that some of your bond investors may be shutting down to Apollo type deals?
LeonBlack: Yes, I mean, again, this is not the first time weve been through something like that. And clearly, we always work as hard as we can to serve our investors and protect our capital and maximize the value of our fund investments. Sometimes that leads to difficult negotiations with counterparties. In choppy markets like this one, theres constantly speculation as to why deals may be more difficult to finance, most of which isnt true. So only thing I would say is that I dont think the situation have a long-term impact on our ability to finance transactions. I think we will be fine. That one did get finance. And this is not our first rodeo. People do as much as they can to put pressure on you, but I am personally and I dont think we are worried about the long-term impact on our franchise.
Patrick Davitt: Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank.
BrianBedell: Hi, good morning and thanks. Thanks. Maybe just on the capital deployment outlook, you had given, I think Josh talked about some of the overall compression in energy and how thats definitely creating opportunities. If we think about 20% of Fund VIII already deployed, do you see, say, over the near term, perhaps this year, as sort of an accelerated opportunity to deploy Fund VIII? And then how, in terms of an allocation perspective, how high would you be willing to go in that fund in terms of like energy exposure?
Martin Kelly: Yes. So, I would say that, right now the private equity markets generally driven by the leveraged finance market. The leveraged finance markets have been a bit choppy. But in the last kind of month or two, last quarter even, they backed up a bit. But they are still pretty robust relative to historical standards. And that is sort of driven by the easy money monetary policies and the strong economy we have here in the US. So, thats driven private equity multiples up to double-digit. And as Leon said, we are creating our portfolio at kind of six times, so we are creating our portfolio at really a massive discount to the existing multiples. But its not an easy backdrop to put money out. And so therefore, unless things change, we will continue to have to in essence fight a relatively fully valued private equity market. Having said that, my own outlook is that  and sort of the consensus out there is that kind of come the second part of this year, the Fed is going to start raising rates, and that will take liquidity. That will put pressure on the markets a bit, particularly the fixed income markets, or traditionally it has. And so no one knows the future, but I think the environment will start to come towards our private equity funds, but we are able to navigate in either good environments or bad environments. Clearly choppy environments are better for us. Leon, I dont know if you want to add anything.
Leon Black: Yes, just sort of putting that in different words, look, we are very proud of the fact that we have produced best-in class results for many, many years in many funds. But what I think we are most proud of is that we have done that by keeping our value orientation. And it is really dramatic to have put 20% of the fund to work in a 10 multiple environment for the industry of EBITDA and to have done it at a six multiple. I mean thats four multiples. Thats not one multiple; thats four multiples under. So weve put 20% of the fund to work on our value-oriented  at a six times. Clearly, to answer your question, I mean if we wanted to stretch that and have done that at a seven average multiple, we couldve put a lot more money to work. So the trick is with our over 100 professionals in PE covering nine or 10 industries who have a great network of relationships working with the environments that are operative for each of those industries is to find that best risk-reward state of our value orientation but yet be able to find things and pull the trigger on it. And so I am feeling very sanguine about our ability to maintain our discipline but also be able to find good investment opportunities to put to work.
Brian Bedell: Thats really helpful color. Thanks. And then just the one follow-up, on the Oppenheimer strategic income fund, can you talk a little bit about, what your sub-advisory role is there? Are you taking a slice of sub-advising like a mandated or awarded slice of that fund or is it more about new investments coming in? And then will that be an illiquid portion of the fund or will it largely be liquid securities?
Gary Stein: Thanks for the question. Unfortunately, given that the board just approve this relationship, it still needs to go to shareholder votes, which won happen for couple of months and so we are in a quite period there and really can talk more about the specifics Southern states focused on our credit business, which is obviously area of strength where we can really provide a lot of value and exposure to number of areas within the credit spectrum.
Brian Bedell: Okay thats fair enough thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So, I understand you cant talk specifics about the Oppenheimer relationship right now, but I was just hoping you could comment just maybe more generally about how you are seeing the retail opportunity in the sub-advisory relationships just more broadly in terms of whats sort of the sizing that you could potentially see and any color around the types of returns that you would be targeting for this type of investor base, and how youre also thinking about the liquidity provisions for retail in these types of structures. And any color on the fees would also be helpful too. Thanks.
Gary Stein: I think its early days in terms of being able to give specifics. Josh is going to have some additional color as well, but early days, do have other dialogs underway in terms of the liquidity. Clearly, its going to be focused on the more liquid part of what we do in credit. And Josh wants to add something.
Josh Harris: Yes, I think theres an enormous appetite for yield - in a low - again - Im going to - unfortunately I have to stay big picture here because just what we are doing - just confidentiality and the like. Theres an enormous opportunity for 8% to 10% yields, or 6% to 10% yields. You cant - 6% to 10% yields. So the retail investor is likely to be interested in sort of a lower return part of our business, not our traditional, not as much our traditional opportunistic business, but we are giving the breadth of our platform where were able to create 6% to 10% yields for double-D kind of credit which they have trouble accessing. If you go out and buy double-D high yield, which is - or if you go to a typical mutual fund, you are not going to be making 6% to 10% you are going to be making 3% to 4.5% for the same risk. And so proportion of your yield dollar that you are targeting yield is you are going to want that our yield, even if it means a little less liquidity, which is kind of the trade. So we can create a big arbitrage for investors and thats not to say we are going to get all the dollars, but right now, we have almost the alternative segment almost none of it. And so everyone is shifting towards that opportunity. And like I said earlier, its coming directly from private channels, its coming through mutual fund complex there, thats coming through high network channels, its coming through traditional brokerage channels. So there is all kinds of ways to do it and we are adding literally kind of a lot of different approaches, that a lot of different channels to sell our products. So more to come, we said it like to act first and talk after. And this Oppenheimer thing was something we could give you a little color on, well try to put a little more color on some of the other stuff we are doing in the next couple of quarterly calls weve said that we are able to.
Michael Cyprys: Okay, thank you.
Josh Harris: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your final question comes from Brennan Hawken of UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Thanks, most of my question has been answered. Just I guess a quick one, have you seen any recent changes in a level of discussion in the M&A market, just given some of the volatility we see in the last couple of quarters in public markets.
Leon Black: I dont no, I mean, not really, I mean I think the U.S. GDP is strong and increasing like the oil price volatility which is sort of impacted some of the market has - is actually good for the U.S. economy and good for the global economy in that. And so there are some technical choppiness, my own view is that as we shift from a monetarily driven, technically driven market to more of an earnings driven market therell be a little more volatility, because there is a little more uncertainty around earnings as that had a lot of flexibility during last number of years in QE, but the overall economic future in the U.S. quite positive. So if youre a corporation you looked at that, saying hey that pull back is actually pretty good, my business still good, consumer still spending, fundamentals is still good, like Im going to keep buying. So I think rates are low, I can borrow cheaply. I can issue stock at a relatively good price. So I think its actually a pretty good time for the M&A market right now.
Brennan Hawken: Thanks for the color.
Leon Black: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session on todays conference. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Gary Stein: Thanks again everyone for joining us on the call today. As we said earlier, if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to reach to me or Noah Gunn.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude todays teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-01 00:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Stein - Head, Corporate Communications Josh Harris - Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director Martin Kelly - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Steve Fullerton - Citi Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Michael Carrier - Bank of America Luke Montgomery - Sanford Bernstein Marc Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Bulent Ozcan - RBC Capital
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Managements 2014 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation, all callers will be in a listen-only mode. Following management's prepared remarks, the conference call will be opened up for your questions. This conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead.
Gary Stein: Thanks, operator and welcome, everyone. Joining me today from Apollo are Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director; and Martin Kelly, Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this morning, Apollo reported non-GAAP, after-tax economic net income of $0.12 per share and distributable earnings to common and equivalent holders of $0.77 per share. Also we declared a cash distribution of $0.73 per share for the third quarter of 2014, representing a 95% payout ratio. As a reminder, today's conference call may include forward-looking statements and projections, and we ask that you refer to our most recent filings with the SEC for important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements and projections. We don't undertake to update our forward-looking statements or projections unless required by law. We will also be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, such as economic net income and distributable earnings, which are reconciled to our GAAP net income attributable to Class A shareholders. These reconciliations are included in our third quarter earnings press release, which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website. Please also refer to our most recent 10-K for additional information on non-GAAP measures and risk factors relating to our business. As a reminder, this conference call is copyrighted property and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without our consent. If you have any questions about any information in the release or on this call, please feel free to follow up with me or Noah Gunn after the call. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Josh Harris, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director of Apollo Global Management.
Josh Harris: Thanks, Gary. This morning, Id like to touch on a few topics including our current views of the market environment given the recent volatility. But first, Id like to briefly summarize some of the highlights from our third quarter results with a few key takeaways. We remain active in monetizing our portfolio and delivering significant returns to our investors. The funds we manage generated a total distributions of $4.6 billion during the third quarter which resulted in nearly a $0.5 billion gross realized carry. The private equity transactions behind the majority of that activity were executed at a weighted average multiples invested capital of nearly 4x, reinforcing our best-in-class track record in private equity. In addition, our management business ENI of a $131 million during the quarter was more than double the amount of a year ago. Strong realized gains in PE and solid performance in our management business were the primary drivers of our $0.73 per share cash distribution in the quarter. Our fund raising efforts, our ability to identify and originate new business opportunities and our solid investment performance continue to drive our business forward. To put some numbers around this point, our AUM or assets under management are up 45% year-on-year to $164 billion, while fee-paying AUM is up 63% to $130 billion. Contributing to our AUM growth was nearly $3 billion of capital that was raised during the quarter. Finally, we remain active in deploying capital in a variety of differentiated investment opportunities. Although we continue to remain net sellers in the current environment, we continue to find what we believe are well priced investments. Across our platform, we deployed more than $2 billion in the third quarter and the pipeline of committed, but unfunded deals in private equity stood at $1.7 billion at September 30. In addition, we announced several transactions post quarter-end including Tranquilidade, Express Energy Services and Parisian Insurance bringing the total pipeline of equity committed to $2.4 billion today. As you know, over the past six weeks, the markets have experienced a period of increased volatility given oil price depreciation, uncertainty around Fed tightening, Ebola fears and fears in Europe around the pace of economic growth. From mid September through mid October, looking through the intraday trading activity in the S&P 500, the index declined 10% from peak to trough before recouping some of its losses very recently. And the yield on the 10-year treasury dropped 80 basis points during that time and fell briefly below 2%, while the VIX peaked to 26 before retrenching below 15 earlier this week. Spreads remain near all time high tight and credit markets have also experienced volatility recently. As measured by certain leading indices, the high yield market was down nearly 200 basis points during the third quarter and leveraged loans were down approximately 50 basis points. None of this comes as a surprise to us, as we've been saying for quite some time now that the credit markets have reached to perfection. So what is our take on all this? Broadly speaking, we expect volatility to continue, this doesnt concern us. In fact, we write volatility since we believe it creates attractive investment opportunities and our current portfolio is well positioned for the long-term. First on equity markets and their impact on our private equity business. As it relates to capital deployment as value-oriented investors, we would like nothing more than for the rich valuation in the marketplace to drop from their current high level. We believe that pullback in equities ultimately helps to drive pricing downward to levels where we feel more comfortable putting our clients capital to work. In private equity, we have more than $22 billion of capital available to deploy. And were actively engaged in identifying pockets of the market where declining valuations are creating opportunities. Of course, when the equity markets pullback, our portfolio may experience unrealized mark-to-market losses. However, focusing on the March over three month stand is a short-term view versus the ultimate value created for our investors over the long-term. The reality is that the portfolio is performing well overall. The current portfolio of public equity holdings, in the private equity funds we manage consisting of 14 companies have outperformed the S&P 500 by 46% on a weighted average basis since their respective IPOs. So, our conviction in the performance and value of those assets in our portfolio remains undertook. As it relates to exit activity, it's no secret. And weve been very actively utilizing the healthy equity capital markets over the past 24 to 36 months to monetize investments. The funds we manage have generated 29 billion private equity realizations since the beginning of 2012. As you know this activity has generated a robust realized gains and cash distributions for our investors and shareholders. And the strong pace of activity has continued into the fourth quarter with several announced transactions that have not yet closed. The equity markets face pressure, we would anticipate a later concentration of share sales as a percentage of overall exit activity. However, if this were to happen, we believe that other channels will continue to be available to drive exit activity. Corporations and financial sponsors are sitting on a record levels of cash and dry powder and we are observing the dialogs are becoming increasingly more active. This trend is evident. We're looking at announced sales within our portfolio during the third quarter such as Encana's acquisition of Athlon; Eastman Chemicals acquisition of Taminco or Norwegian Cruise Lines acquisition of Prestige. In many cases, strategic deals are done at a premiums to public equity market valuations. And historically, these types of monetizations represent a little more than half of the exit deals we do. And then mainly because equity markets have been so accommodative in recent years, we've seen a moderation in strategic sales with less than 20% of our gross realized proceeds coming from strategic or sponsored buyers since the beginning of 2012. Next, I'd like to discuss interest rates and specifically reiterate some of the comments I made on our last call regarding a rising rate environment and its perceived impact on our credit business. Out of our nearly 108 billion of total credit, AUM, our funds manage very little in the way of rate-sensitive assets. In fact, excluding all of Athene's assets which is an insurance company that is designed for assets to match liabilities so there is no -- so it is designed so that there is no real duration. The duration of our credit portfolio is just under one year. We have an intentionally large exposure to floating rate assets. So, we would welcome a rising interest rate environment and believe that it would be beneficial to our investment performance. We believe that any credit market dislocation would likely result in a quicker pace of deployment of our drawdown credit and private equity funds which tend to generate higher management and incentive fees. We see this as a tremendous opportunity for our business and weve historically outperformed in these types of scenarios. The last area Id like to address is the perceived impact of oil prices on our business. Broadly speaking, the decline in oil prices to current levels is not surprising to us. In the short-term, the price of oil is difficult to predict and it certainly has the ability to detach from long-term fundamentals. Even at these lower prices, we believe energy is a very interesting place to be investing capital. And were tactically working to take advantage of the market dislocation. Specifically, we continue to see this as an opportune time to buy physical assets in the ground and significant discount to energy prices implied by the financial markets. Were able to create these opportunities by leveraging our extensive resources including deep industry and technical expertise as well as seasoned management teams located across the continent. At the same time were assessing new investments, we're actively managing our current portfolio. As of September 30, the net exposure to energy investments in private equity and credit excluding Athene was less than $5 billion or approximately 7% of our total invested capital in those segments. Where and when we think it makes sense, we're monetizing pieces of the energy portfolio. This was the case with the recently announced sale of Athlon Energy which was negotiated before the selloff in oil. For the remaining investments in the funds that we manage, the companies employ robust hedging strategies. In addition, we believe we used very conservative underwriting assumptions in our investment decision. So, in summary, although it can be volatile, we continue to believe that energy investing is one of the few arbitrage opportunities in overvalued markets. Before concluding, Id just like to remind everyone, that we've now been public for roughly 3.5 years. We believe our growth to-date has exceeded the high expectations in place at the time of our initial offering. To help provide you with a more transparent view of our business as well as articulate the next leg of growth, we will be holding an Investor Day on December 11, and we really hope that you are able to join us in person or via webcast. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Gary for some specific highlights on each of our businesses. Thanks Gary.
Gary Stein: Thanks Josh. Starting with private equity, the funds maintained a strong pace of realization activity in the third quarter, which resulted in aggregated distributions of $2.8 billion of capital to our fund investors. In the process, we earned $370 million of realized carry in private equity, which was a primary driver of our $0.73 per share cash distribution this quarter. Specifically, these realizations were driven by numerous transactions, including secondary and/or block share sales of our fund remaining interest in Berry Plastics, as well as some of our funds interest in Athlon Energy, Rexnord and Sprouts Farmers Market. Subsequent to these transactions, the funds we managed held the following: Funds VI held 12.9 million shares of Rexnord and 27 million shares of Sprouts. And Fund VII held 25.2 million shares of Athlon at the end of the quarter before giving effect to the announced pending sales to Encana. Touching on capital raising, our first natural resource respond is over 70% invested for committed as of September 30th with strong performance to-date. And we expect to launch fund raising for a successor fund early next year. Regarding capital deployment within our private equity funds, activity increased in the third quarter largely due to the closing of Jupiter Resources purchase of assets from Encana. Turning briefly to our credit business. At the end of the third quarter, we had a $108 billion of AUM in credit, which includes $48 billion related to Athene, $25 billion in U.S. performing credit, $15 million in structured credit, $11 billion an opportunistic credit and $9 billion in European credit strategies. During the third quarter, fund raising activity of $2.4 billion within credit was led by $2 billion of inflows for our third credit opportunity fund. This brings total fund commitments to $3.4 billion reaching its hard cap and well exceeding its initial target of $1.5 billion. Importantly, the investment period for this fund began in June and the fund is already approximately one-third invested. Credit fund raising was also bolstered by commitments to several other funds totaling approximately $400 million in aggregate. Notably, $150 million of that total was from an increase in an existing strategic managed account which speaks to a trend of not only receiving sizeable new mandates, but upsizing existing accounts. So far in the fourth quarter, we have extended our relationship with another strategic account by an additional $275 million. By providing LPs with holistic unconstrained credit solutions targeted to their needs, we believe we are providing a differentiated service that is not easily found elsewhere in the marketplace. Importantly, we remained active in deploying capital in a variety of differentiated credit investment opportunities with nearly $1 billion deployed in our drawdown-type funds during the third quarter. Lastly, on real estate; we remained active in real estate debt and so far this year, the funds we managed deployed approximately $1.3 billion in first-lien mortgage loans, mezzanine loans and CMBS. On the equity side, we remained opportunistic across property types and geographies. Our U.S. private equity real estate funds base capital is now fully invested or committed so we look forward to launching the fund raising process for our next fund in the coming months. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Martin for some comments on our financial results.
Martin Kelly: Thanks, Gary. And good morning everyone again. Starting with our Management Business. For the third quarter, Apollo's Management Business earned $131 million of ENI exhibiting strong year-over-year growth. Looking quarter-over-quarter, rising Management Business revenues were driven by higher advisory and transaction fees, which increased due to deployment related fees. In terms of Management Business expenses, the modest quarter-over-quarter increase was driven by $6.5 million of placement fees related to the final closing of quarter three and a true up of interest expense to reflect the fourth quarter impact around notes offering in May. The modest loss in other income within the Management Business was driven by adverse foreign exchange movements of approximately $5 million, which resulted primarily from the depreciation in the Euro and British Pound. We believe our Management Business margins are healthy and as we achieve an increasing amount of scale, we expect our margins to benefit overtime. That said, we will continue to strategically invest in the business by adding talent and capabilities to facilitate additional growth. Given the ongoing hiring activity across the fund, which included a 6% growth in headcount during the third quarter, we expect compensation expense to continue to increase in the near-term including in Q4 given the timing of bonus accruals for new hires condensed over a shorter timeframe. Turning to our Incentive Business. In private equity, our traditional private equity funds depreciated by approximately 2% during the third quarter, which was driven by approximately 2% depreciation in publicly traded equity portfolio holdings through [March] and publicly traded debt holdings and approximately 1% appreciation in private holdings. In credit, excluding Athene's non-subsidized assets, our funds continue to perform well with most pockets of our business generating modest positive gross returns during the quarter in the phase of the more challenging backdrop that Josh described. That said, we had a couple of funds that either fell a bit below their hurdle or did not appreciate enough to maintain the accrual of their hurdle, which contributed to the sequential moderation in carry income. Of the roughly $14 billion in carry eligible credit AUM not yet earning carry, approximately $6 billion is related to funds that are below their respective preferred return hurdle and the rest represents dry powder. On an aggregate basis, the $6 billion of carry eligible credit funds in the ground and not currently generating carry are less than 2% away from reaching the hurdle as of September 30. Lastly, on the incentive business, as we have noted in prior quarters, there was a discretionary incentive for compensation accrual in the quarter of $16 million within the profit share expense. As a reminder, this incentive pool is separate from fund level profit sharing which can be positive or negative depending on marks and therefore can have a variable impact on the profit share ratio during a particular quarter. Next, Id like to provide some additional information on Athene's impacts on our results this quarter. First, the percentage of Athene-related assets invested in Apollo managed funds was approximately 20% or $12 billion as of September 30, 2014, up from 17% as of June of 30. As was stated previously, we expect the sub-advised assets under management to increase gradually over time as long as we continue to perform well in providing asset management services to Athene and also identify opportunities to deploy their investment portfolio. Next, Apollo has been receiving and will receive for one more quarter, monitoring fees also known as the Capital and Surplus or C&S fee. For the third quarter, this fee was $58 million. The non-cash C&S fee is being settled on a quarterly basis in arrears in the form of additional shares of Athene based on its per-share valuation at the end of each quarter, and it's appearing as incremental value on our balance sheet. As of the end of the third quarter, Apollo had a 6.9% economic ownership interest in Athene. This includes earned C&S and related fees through the second quarter of 2014, as well as Apollos general partner stake as the manager of AP Alternative Assets or AAA. In dollar terms, Apollos economic interest in Athene is valued $323 million on their balance sheet as of September 30. Note that this amount excludes the $121 million gross carry receivable related to AAA as of September 30 and $58 million of C&S and related fees earned in the third quarter that we also expect to be paid in shares of Athene at a future date. With regard to our cash distribution, the $0.73 we declared today includes our regulator distribution of $0.15 plus $0.58 of other cash earnings. The additional amount above our regular distribution was primarily driven by carried interest earned from the transactions that Gary mentioned earlier. Based upon announced transactions from our private equity funds that were not yet closed as of the end of the quarter including the sales of the remainder of our funds holdings of Athlon and Tomiko, some cash carry we expect from the sale of Prestige to Norwegian. We anticipate net realized carry of approximately $0.37 per share over the fourth quarter and/or first quarter of next year, pending the timing of the successful close of the transactions. One last point, Id like to mention pertains to the escrowing of distributions due to the general partner of a fund, which is standard industry provision that is triggered when a fund reaches a particular threshold. This typically occurs as a fund gets closer to the end of its life. As of the beginning of the fourth quarter Fund VI went into what we call escrow, which occurs when the fair value of the remaining investments in the fund falls below 115% of the remaining cost of those investments. In the case of Fund VI, this percentage was at 108% at September 30. And as long as this percentage remains below 115%, any Fund VI distributions due to Apollo as the general partner will not be tied out and instead will be held in escrow. It is important to note that although it is difficult to forecast how long Fund VI will remain in escrow as of the end of the third quarter, if all of the remaining investments in the funds were to be liquidated at their current marks, any distributions that would have been held in escrow would have been paid out to Apollo as the general partner. At September 30, our total net carry receivable across the firm was $1.81 per share and of that total, the Fund VI component amounted to approximately $0.16 per share. With that, well turn the call back to the operator and open up the line for any of your questions.
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And your first question comes from Bill Katz of Citi.
Steve Fullerton - Citi : Hi, it's Steve Fullerton filling in for Bill. First question, just the media seemingly has picked up number of articles talking about possible regulatory scrutiny picking up on the industry. Can you just speak about that broadly and specifically on the IRR issue?
Martin Kelly: Sure Steve. It's Martin. So, were aware of the article, we're not aware of any investigation relating to the IRR matter. We do include GP capital in our net IRR calculations. And the reason we do that is because we calculate IRRs at the fund level and not at the investor level. We are very transparent in our disclosures to our investors. And if you look at the impact of including versus not, the GP capital and the calculation, its small. And if you take Fund VII in our case, the net IRR life to-date would be approximately 20 basis points different. So, we believe our disclosures are transparent and consistent with what weve done previously and we believe is good practice.
Martin Kelly: Yes. I would just add that there is no industry standard and I think the focus of the article is really around whether funds are transparent about how they calculate their net IRRs as opposed to whether it is appropriate or not in terms of how calculations are done. And again, there is no industry standard in that regard.
Steve Fullerton - Citi: Okay. And I appreciate the commentary on dry powder and private equity and credit. Can you just talk about maybe geographically where you see dislocations given recent volatility to invest?
Gary Stein: Yes. Id say that, Josh has said that clearly in Europe were seeing dislocation relative to softening of the economy over there and then certainly in the big downtick in oil prices have created some opportunity in our credit business. Those would be the two and then also the strengthening of the dollar has hurt basic materials and natural resources away from oil. And so Id say so those are the sort of three areas that you stand out. But anytime you get volatility, youre going to get more opportunity across the board, but those would be the areas that I would highlight.
Steve Fullerton - Citi: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Patrick Davitt of Autonomous.
Patrick Davitt - Autonomous: Hi guys, thank you. My only question is around the disclosure. I'm curious why you decided to take out the cost in fair value disclosure?
Josh Harris: I think generally speaking, we thought there is enough disclosure in the release to help people understand obviously where the funds are, we've got a lot of disclosure in the investment record table. And I think we generally felt that there was -- it was causing more confusion in terms of the cost versus fair value. If you would have notice that with respect to credit for example that the cost and fair value only represented a small portion of the total credit business. So, we felt that it wasn't necessary giving you a full view of the credit business. And therefore, felt that it's best to just to refer to investment record table and the other disclosures in the release.
Martin Kelly: And Id also just put that in the context of other disclosures that we've added in the last three or four quarters, which we think are more useful presentations of our results.
Patrick Davitt - Autonomous: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Michael Carrier of Bank of America.
Michael Carrier - Bank of America: Thanks, guys. First question, just on the growth outlook. And I guess it depends on what you hope for because you get to pull back. You can deploy more capital, markets remained strong and the distributions continue. So, assuming sort of steady-state environment, when you think over the next one to two years given that your portfolio is the returns are there and so you could continue to distribute. How should we be thinking about kind of the net growth of the business? So, fund raising, less distributions, obviously year-over-year the growth rate has been great. But more recently, the distributions have been strong at (inaudible) just wanted to get your sense, when you're managing the business, how you think about that over the next couple of years?
Josh Harris: Yes. So, the way I would think about it is we organically are growing our credit business really just through all the opportunities that are being created by just the pullback of the banking sector globally. And we would expect to be able to grow our credit business organically double-digit. And what Ive said in the past is that, in the background we have what we call our R&D lab. And were always working on new things that might stair step the firm. The latest one those was Athene, which brought on $60 billion of assets over few years. One before that was similar level trades we did during the financial crisis. So, its really hard to predict when the next opportunity will come, but that obviously would stair step the growth of the firm. Then you have tuck-in acquisitions and again weve got two of those and continue to work on some others. So that -- and then private equity obviously as weve discussed, the large flagship fund has recently been raised. You have small incremental funds that are being raised couple of which we mentioned on this call with all that natural resources, the next fund in natural resources and the next fund in real estate. But thats likely to be relatively incremental vis--vis the size of the private equity method. So, thats the way I would describe it overall.
Michael Carrier - Bank of America: Okay. Thats helpful. And then, just on two of the areas that you mentioned both Europe and then in the energy sector. Just when youre making those investments, I guess just given some of the uncertainty, particularly on the European economy and just the price of energy, when you're making those investments, how do you gauge like the downside or protect the downside? Because, obviously on the European side, if we are stagnant for a few years, there is some things that you guys can do on the portfolio company side, but just trying to understand how you go through that thought process. And same thing with energy, if the dynamics are changing versus the last 30 years because of production in the U.S., how do you can kind of factor that in, in terms of the investment outlook?
Josh Harris: Yes, I'll start with the energy and then I'll get to Europe. I'd say that in energy, we always look at the long-term fundamentals, not the short-term market fluctuations of the price. And when you look at energy, so there is a move down and it's not surprising to us. When you look at the fundamentals of energy, and you really look through the sort of trading trends, what you see is that the supply curve where oil is economic, its very, very flat at around $80. And so therefore, if the price of oil were to drop for an extended period of time below $80, you would see -- ultimately that would drop supply in the marketplace. And therefore while the price of oil can go down below $80 for some period of time, of course and even some moderate period of time, if you're looking over a five year period, our longer term period to how we gauge our investments, it's likely to be that price or above. In terms of the upside in oil, it's certainly geopolitical events and other things can knock it up. So if you go into it and you have -- so we look at things and we say okay where we buy -- and most of what were doing in oil and gas on the private equity side, were buying oil and gas at a pretty significant discount to that price even today. So, you can know that price is today at 80 and it was a 90 kind of a few months ago, for us we were always buying below 80 anyway because we didnt really focus on the current -- that current price, were always focusing on the 80 to begin with. So, we feel like whats driving our ability to continue to put money to work in oil and gas energy in North America is our expertise and our ability to buy assets through the management teams we have deployed all over North America that we think, so we have a bit of an edge in terms of how we do that. In Europe, we always -- even though Europe appears to be growing and so forth, we always look at Europe as being flat. And if the investment work -- I had a lot of early in the recovery in Europe people were coming in and say well, look if Europe just gets back to where it was before the last recession, look how much money we can make on these investments and we never really bought that. We always felt that Europe would be relatively flat. So, if you can make money in a flat environment in Europe, well look at the investment. Clearly there is upside to that and Europe itself is not uniform. I mean you cant really -- as you get into investing, you might be investing in UK thats a better growth environment than say some areas in Southern Europe, maybe invest in Germany thats -- although there has been some recent flattening in Germany, that's a better growth environment than other places. So, Europe Id just make the point it's not really uniformed. But those would be the two areas and that's how we would look at. So generally, the reason that our returns are best in class is that we do try to find these investments where there is an arbitrage on the way in and that the purchase prices allow you to make relatively conservative assumptions and the returns will still work. And I think that is very much the case in energy and in Europe where people are out fleeing a little bit because they are seeing some flattening that we had already anticipated.
Michael Carrier - Bank of America: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Luke Montgomery of Sanford Bernstein.
Luke Montgomery - Sanford Bernstein: Good morning. Thanks. So, I wondered if you guys had any thoughts about CalPERS decision to exit hedge funds and what that means to the appetite for alternative strategies more broadly. I think I appreciate that you guys are in the enviable position of being able to raise more capital than you can deploy. But just generally do see any dialogue amongst the large asset owners of the private equity industries had risk of becoming overcapitalized and that the returns will be insufficient to compensate the risk? So just with the general sentiment around the asset class with LPs at large?
Josh Harris: Youre saying general term as around hedge funds or around private equity?
Luke Montgomery - Sanford Bernstein: No, it was sort of more of read through of the decision to exit hedge funds and what that might mean for private equity?
Josh Harris: I think CalPERS, it's hard for me to come on CalPERS specific motivations, particularly they maybe a large investor there. Relative to other institutions interest in hedge funds, I continue to think it's a robust asset class. So, I don't think -- I think certainly hedge funds recently, certainly actively managed hedge funds have had tougher returns this year. But I dont really see a big movement out of hedge funds relative to our investors.
Martin Kelly: Yes. And I would just add, I think based on the statements that they made I think I dont want to necessary speak for them. But I think there was a view that the hedge fund asset class for them at high fees and returns that not meet expectations that was specific to the hedge fund investments. I think clearly as we look broadly across alternative and look at private equity and credit, the return certainly Apollo have been very strong and have delivered what has been offered up to investors in terms of the investment terms.
Josh Harris: I mean, the hedge funds also, I mean its a broad category so it kind of comes out, I mean long short equity hedge fund have been particularly hard hit in this last year because many of them bet against the federal reserve policy and self interest rates are going to go up and lost. And so, therefore that particular category, I havent looked at the map, but I think I wouldnt be shock if there was some decline in that category. When you say hedge funds there is, when you broadly define the credit hit, including credit mandates and credit hedge funds and so again those thats been growing a lot. And so you have to also -- I have my sense from your comment is that youre talking about long short equity type hedge funds. And we dont really do that has no affect on us, if you want a broadly define some of our credit businesses hedge funds that talk kind of a business is growing abut at fast as anything in our business. And also you also have to be careful with a little bit with the nomenclature of how you're describing it.
Luke Montgomery - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Fair enough. And then I share the frustration with the focus on mark-to-market over quarter, but I'm going to take a step at this anyways. I wondered if you could just talk about what your general approach is to calculating the performance on the privately held positions, what the weights on the inputs are. I'm just trying to develop a sense of the potential volatility of that piece versus the public piece and if there's any systematic way to think about it.
Gary Stein: Sure. So every company is different. We have a pretty robust valuation process, but -- each company individually and it comes it to inputs that are relevant to that sector. So it's not a single set of inputs we use. It really depends on the industry's vertical, the maturity of the company and how it close it might to an action.
Josh Harris: But there is a systematic I mean there is a really systematic process of valuing private investment that is that we try to make very robust and very consistent I don't know if you want to comment on that Martin.
Martin Kelly: Yes. I mean we have a set of valuation committees that cascade up or down from asset costs up into a fully committee and we really should decompose all of their assets down into groups we're focused on. That should be better rolling for their asset class. And so we use all available evidence that we can available to us, but inside and outside the funds to help guide that valuation process.
Luke Montgomery - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Marc Irizarry of Goldman Sachs.
Marc Irizarry - Goldman Sachs:  Great, thanks. Related to that, Josh, could you maybe comment -- I might have missed this, but on the private equity, private company performance, just the operating performance, maybe how much of what are you seeing in the environment is sort of a little bit more market than sort of whats going on fundamentally with the portfolio? 
Martin Kelly: Yes. So, let me start with that. So we look at the performance in our portfolio on a rolling 12 month basis and on both the revenue and on EBITDA basis and we look sort of year-over-year and then quarter-over-quarter. And the underlying performance is strong in all four, the revenue and EBITDA terms in both those time periods. So, quarter-over-quarter Q3 to Q2 on a 12 months rolling basis revenue and even EBITDA both up between 2% and 3%. And then on a year-over-year basis, similar 12 months rolling, theyre up so between 5% and 6%. Revenue is growing; EBITDA is growing a bit more with cost management. So, the underlying fundamentals across the book are really quite healthy.
Marc Irizarry - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just getting back to the volatility in the market and then your ability to deploy capital particularly and I'm interested in some of the credit strategies and just thinking about the locked in, the longer dated capital and versus the liquid capital and your ability to sort of capitalize on volatility and credit. Obviously things can snapback and have been snapping back pretty quickly, Josh, any view on just having a real, this year youre having more flexible or nimble capital and creditors and is that an advantage for you to put capital out as things move pretty quickly?
Josh Harris: Yes. So thats a huge advantage and we have a lot of liquidity. And again when -- during the three or four week period between the end of September and mid October, we did see a pullback in certain sectors, particularly which I mentioned and we put a bunch of money to work. And so from our point of view and how to pull back, we would have put more money to work. And what we're seeing is that because the dealers don't have as much as capital in terms of trading books, we're seeing the prices of securities gap a bit more, when there are selling pressures. So things gapped down in certain cases, 10, 15, 20 points, bought a bunch and then they gapped back up. So, there is less liquidity in the marketplace either way. And I think it's fine, I think there's people out there with a lot of capital like us that are sitting there waiting for these opportunities. And I think that's how it worked. But, so I think that's a huge advantage. We do look over a much longer time period and try to take advantage of the volatility when it comes.
Marc Irizarry - Goldman Sachs: Great. And then just I guess Gary, you mentioned the credit SMA. I'm just curious if there is any visibility at all into sort of pipeline of what those sort of mandates could look like going forward? Thanks.
Gary Stein: I mean right now there is a lot of conversations and a lot of interest. Because what's happening is that the large institutions, again I'm looking at their fixed income portfolios and saying wow, I'm making 3% or 4%. And I dont -- Im not being paid for the risk and the duration that Im taking relative to fixed income markets, which are being priced off of governments and treasuries, which are continuing to be overvalued, significantly So people are getting worried about the duration and the interest rate that theyre earning on that portfolio and theyre looking for other alternatives. And so as you know the fixed income bucket is a lot larger than the alternative bucket in the pension system. And so when people decide to look at that, youre talking about kind of $0.5 billion chunk plus or minus which can move the needle. And many of these institutions decide they dont want to necessarily being coming all the funds. And so there is a lot of people setting these things up to get ready for what they see as a rising interest rate environment over time. So there is a lot of interest in that area.
Marc Irizarry - Goldman Sachs:  Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Bulent Ozcan of RBC.
Bulent Ozcan - RBC Capital: Hi. Just a quick question, just to go back on the two valuations. Im not sure if youve disclosed that. But could you give us the mark on your non-profit portfolio companies; what it was in the September quarter?
Josh Harris: Bulent, we dont disclose at that level of detail.
Bulent Ozcan - RBC Capital: You dont? Okay, And in terms of the EBITDA growth, youve given us on a rolling 12-month basis, but could you give us the EBITDA growth on a basis sequentially for your portfolio companies?
Martin Kelly: I did, so I gave two statistics, one was -- its all LTM last 12 months, rolling 12 months because that takes up the seasonality. And so we've provided rolling 12 months Q3 versus Q2 and rolling 12 months Q3 this year versus Q3 last year. And so those numbers that I mentioned were about of those timeframes.
Bulent Ozcan - RBC Capital: Okay, great. So, you don't look at bases sequentially on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
Martin Kelly: We don't because some of the companies have seasonal attributes to the sales for [transfer]. So it's better, best to look at on LCM basis.
Bulent Ozcan - RBC Capital: Makes sense. And then a quick question and I'm not sure if you can comment on that or not, but on the recent acquisition of the insurance companies, the European insurance companies in Italy. Should we think about that as investment by PE funds into portfolio companies or are there certain synergies that can be realized in terms of distribution of just having a fee and these two companies combined, the operations?
Gary Stein: Yes. That's investment in our private equity fund. It's just investment in our private equity fund and it's again driven by the need for many, many banks in Europe to deleverage and free up capital. And so, we were able to take advantage of that in terms of buying that at a very good price. And so there is no growth, and we're not looking synergies across the portfolio on that one.
Bulent Ozcan - RBC Capital: Yes. And given I guess the recent stress test results out of Europe and Switzerland, out of Italy; are you seeing an increase obviously in the pipeline or are conversations happening more frequently on transactions or potential transactions?
Martin Kelly: Yes, we are. I mean obviously if you look at the two of the deals -- if you look at the deals we're announcing right there and energy or financial services in Europe. And so there is generally an overpriced environment and its not by accident thats because there is a lot of pressure in Europe, the stress test being the latest thing, but its been going on even before that for people to -- for the bank gets smaller. And then in the energy sector there is a lot of opportunity here in North America relative to the shale phenomenon and the significant reduction in the cost of creating reserves here relative to global pricing. And so these types of sort of macro pictures that create excess selling or excess capital need is driving pricing down in these types of sectors to points where we can actually make good money. And thats why were focusing on these sectors in an otherwise overvalued PE environment, I mean the PE environment is not cheap, its actually very, very high. And so I look at all these as a manager of our PE business. And I think were doing a pretty good job of getting money out in good investments in a difficult environment by focusing on these types of opportunities.
Bulent Ozcan - RBC Capital: Thanks. That makes sense. I appreciate that. Thanks for taking my questions.
Josh Harris: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. At this time there are no further questions in the queue. I would like to turn the call back over to Gary Stein for any closing remarks.
Gary Stein: Thanks, operator. Thanks everyone for joining today. Obviously, if you have any other questions, please feel free to call, follow-up with Noah Gunn or myself. And again hopefully, you'll all be able to join us for our Investor Day on December 11.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary M. Stein - Head of Corporate Communications Leon D. Black - Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee Joshua J. Harris - Co-Founder, Senior Managing Director, Director, and Member of Executive Committee Martin Kelly - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Devin P. Ryan - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Dina Shin - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Amanda Yao - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Management's 2014 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications.
Gary M. Stein: Thanks, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me today from Apollo are Leon Black, Chairman and CEO; Josh Harris, Senior Managing Director; and Martin Kelly, Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this morning, Apollo reported non-GAAP, after-tax economic net income of $0.52 per share, and we also declared a cash distribution of $0.46 per share for the second quarter of 2014. For U.S. GAAP purposes, we reported net income attributable to Apollo Global Management of $70 million for the second quarter of 2014 compared to $59 million for the second quarter of 2013. Today's conference call may include forward-looking statements and projections, and we ask that you refer to our most recent filings with the SEC for important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements and projections. We don't undertake to update our forward-looking statements or projections unless required by law. We'll also be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, such as economic net income and distributable earnings, which are reconciled to our GAAP net income attributable to Class A shareholders. These reconciliations are included in our second quarter earnings press release, which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website. Please also refer to our most recent 10-K for additional information on non-GAAP measures and risk factors relating to our business. As a reminder, this conference call is copyrighted property and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without our consent. If you have any questions about any information in the release or on this call, please feel free to follow up with me or Noah Gunn afterwards. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Leon Black, Chairman and CEO of Apollo Global Management.
Leon D. Black: Thanks, Gary, and good morning, everyone. Our results this morning contain a number of highlights that I'd like to briefly summarize. First, we remain active in monetizing our portfolio and delivering strong returns to our investors. The funds we manage generated more than $240 million of realized carry during the second quarter, which in addition to our strong Management Business, was the primary driver of our $0.46 cash distribution. The private equity transactions driving the realized carry were completed in average multiple invested capital of 3.4x, reinforcing our best-in-class track record in private equity. Secondly, we remain active in deploying capital in a variety of differentiated investment opportunity. Interestingly, the $6 billion of capital return to our limited partners during the first half of the year from strong realization activity was more than equalized by a steady pace of deployment. Across our platform, the funds we manage invested or committed more than $7 billion of capital during that same timeframe, reflecting continued activity in private equity and strong relative activity in our Credit and Real Estate businesses. And lastly, our fund raising efforts, our origination capability in identifying new business opportunities, and our solid investment performance continue to drive our business to new heights. To put some numbers around it, our AUM is up 48% year-over-year to a record $168 billion, while fee-paying AUM is up 64% year-over-year to $130 billion, also a record. Next, we thought it would be helpful for Josh and I to address a couple of areas that we believe are top of mind. 2 questions we've received a lot lately are: How are you going to deploy Fund VIII in the current business environment; and how are you going to continue to grow your Credit business? We clearly understand why these questions are pertinent today, and we'd like to share our perspectives on these important topics. First, on deployment in our Private Equity business. We are very confident in our ability to deploy Fund VIII within its investment period and we're already well on our way to doing that. In fact, as I'll describe in further detail, we've already invested or committed nearly 15% of Fund VIII to date. Strong markets have generally driven up pricing and average purchase multiples in the U.S. are very close to the 2007 peaks. In Europe, they're even higher than in the U.S. So how do we, as a value-oriented investor who generally invests in the 5 to the 7x enterprise value to EBITDA range, operate in a 9 to 10x world. As I've said before, we remain patient, disciplined and committed to a strategy that's delivered the best investment performance since inception in private equity among all our public peers by a sizable margin. We won't continue to achieve the kind of results we aim to deliver for our investors by following the pack. We know that well. So instead, we pursue idiosyncratic off-the-beaten-path opportunities where we can leverage our deep sector knowledge and our credit expertise to capture and build value on behalf of our investors. We believe purchase price is one of the greatest determinants of investment performance. And so if that means waiting longer for opportunities, we will happily wait. We are very aware that the market will measure us quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year, but our focus is on a much longer period of time. As a reminder, we have 6 years to deploy Fund VIII. Consider for a moment how much can change over that period of time. 6 years ago, this month in fact, from August 2008 to the lows in March 2009, the U.S. stock market declined more than 50% in just over 6 months and brought world equity markets along for the ride. That August was the precipice before Fannie, Freddie, Lehman, WaMu and TARP, a chain of events not foreseen by anybody at that time. To be clear, we're not projecting that kind of financial catastrophe to recur, but my point in mentioning this is to illustrate that markets move in cycles. Some shorter, some longer, some more severe than others, but the constant is that they always happen, and we at Apollo believe that we are particularly skilled at navigating through these cycles. There have been 4 economic downturns since our inception in 1990, and 6 out of 7 of our private equity funds have participated in a distressed cycle. Armed with what we believe is the best investment team in the business, flexible investment mandates and plenty of dry powder from our fund investors who continue to reward us for our discipline and performance, we feel we are very well-positioned to survey the investing landscape over the coming years and pick our spots wisely. And that's exactly what we intend to do. Right now, one of our favorite spots is in the energy sector. We announced 3 deals in the second quarter alone, all targeting different geographies or verticals within that sector. In many cases, these deals reflect a combination of our investing capability and veteran management teams that possess specialized local, technical, geological and engineering expertise to selectively acquire specific assets, or in some cases, hold businesses for large companies. As such, many of these transactions are more nuanced and the commitments we're making have multi-quarter deployment timelines based upon the identification of attractive assets rather than one finite close date. So while we've reported approximately $1 billion in deployment by the PE funds we manage through the first half of 2014, these platform deals at energy are driving a pipeline of an additional $2.2 billion that's been committed, and that we expect will be deployed over the next 12 months or so, including $750 million that is expected to fund in the third quarter with the anticipated closing of the Jupiter Resources transaction. In addition to energy, we're selectively seeing opportunities in other sectors and this is partially being driven by dialogues with strategic on-the-heels-of-rising corporate M&A activity. It's worth noting that heightened M&A activity can be a catalyst for deployment activity as corporates look to shed non-core assets or business lines in connection with an M&A transaction or to help fund a strategic deal. Since we are one of the most active and experienced dealmakers in corporate carve-outs, we believe we are well positioned to benefit from this increase in activity. Currently, the level of dialogue around these opportunities is more active than we've seen in quite some time. I would just add another area that we feel we're very proficient in is in doing very complex deals with hair on them, and we're also seeing a lot of activity in those areas right now too in selected industries that we cover. In summary, we've invested or committed nearly 15% of Fund VIII in 6 transactions through June 30, just 6 months since the fund held its line of close. Importantly, we are sticking to our discipline. The average entry multiple for those deals is approximately 6x versus the double-digit industry backdrop multiple I mentioned earlier. We believe this speaks to our team's ability to pivot across industries and geographies to find value in challenging markets and to deliver it to our investors. I'd now like to pass the call over to Josh to provide you with some insights on our Credit business. Josh?
Joshua J. Harris: Thanks, Leon, and hello, everyone. We understand many of you are focused on the growth opportunities in our Credit business going forward. Clearly, Credit is our fastest-growing business segment with approximately $106 billion in AUM and a compound annual growth rate of 47% over the past 5 years. You may have heard us mention this previously, but I'd like to reiterate that from our standpoint, we believe that our Credit business has plenty of runway and can grow significantly from where it is today. So how do we get there? Our growth story in Credit is two-fold. First, we have tremendous opportunity to scale our existing strategies and explore new ones that are adjacent to our overall investment approach. And secondly, our growth opportunity with Athene is truly differentiated. We're continuing to operate amid a backdrop of 3 major credit themes, which will go on for a long, long time, including the impact of secular change from financial reregulation, the deleveraging of bank balance sheets globally, particularly in Europe, and continued investor demand for yield and opportunistic credit in a low-rate environment. These market dynamics are enabling us to step into pockets of the credit markets, such as shipping or aircraft leasing, which have historically been occupied by more traditional providers of capital. These types of opportunities require specialized expertise and deep credit underwriting skills, which play to the strength of Apollo's integrated global platform and private equity capabilities. In addition, as banks continue to shrink, we're benefiting from the opportunity to selectively acquire dedicated talent to expand in other areas of the credit market, such as emerging markets, corporate debt and energy mezzanine. In the aggregate, these silos of the market I'm highlighting are massive in size, and we're barely scratching the surface in many of them. Similar to private equity, we think credit markets overall are priced to perfection. Spreads are at near or all-time highs -- tight, and clearly it's a challenging market to find yield, but our team is finding it. Not surprisingly, our credit professionals are using a similar approach to what you'll find in our Private Equity business, a rigorous approach to research-driven proprietary deal origination, the ability to quickly shift towards high conviction ideas and the distinct evaluation of relative value across asset classes and geographies. All of this work on the investment side is then coupled with solution-driven dialogues we're having with our global LP biz, such as pension fund, sovereign wealth funds and high net worth and retail distribution channels. We work closely with these investors to identify areas where we can match up their targeted risk/return and liquidity objectives with Apollo's range of credit strategies and skills, which spans the yield and opportunistic spectrum. In total, our Credit business raised approximately $3 billion during the second quarter, including Athene's private placement, which I'll speak to in a moment. As we have highlighted previously, strategic managed accounts, of which we now manage more than $15 billion of AUM in the aggregate continue to be an area of growth for us. Not only are we seeing interest for new mandates, 2 which funded in the second quarter totaling $925 million, but we're also seeing certain investors with pre-existing accounts increase the size of those mandates as we have successfully deployed their initial capital and met their return targets. Importantly, the dialogue for add-on or new commitments remains quite active. On the funds side in credit, we're actively in the market with several products in which we raised approximately $800 million in aggregate during the quarter. Half of that total was driven by Credit Opportunity Fund III or COF III, which is focused on illiquid credit opportunities sourced across the Apollo platform. The $400 million raised during the quarter brings total fund commitments of -- to $1.5 billion to date, with additional near-term commitments expected to take the fund up to more than $2.5 billion. It's interesting to note that several hundred million dollars of the commitments to COF III have been raised to high net worth distribution platforms of 2 leading global flat [ph] banks. We also continue to leverage our strong position in the CLO market where according to S&P, Apollo's the largest CLO manager in the United States as measured by assets under management. In addition, we're proud to note that according to Creditflux, the CLOs managed by Apollo delivered the highest equity returns and nearly 26% among all CLO managers, underscoring our commitment to delivering outstanding investment performance to our clients. During the second quarter, we priced a $1.5 billion U.S. CLO, which we believe is the largest CLO transaction since the financial crisis, and the fourth largest CLO of all time. During the second quarter, we also priced our second European CLO totaling more than EUR 380 million. Briefly moving onto Athene. Clearly, this has been a tremendous growth driver for us, and we've set the company to continue to grow for many years to come. Extraordinarily, this company was just an idea in 2009 and today, it is a highly-rated fixed indexed annuity insurance company with a $60 billion balance sheet. Athene is a powerful example of Apollo's ability to identify a differentiated investment opportunity in the marketplace often before many others, and maximize its potential to achieve a remarkable outcome. As you know, we assisted Athene in raising more than $1 billion of third party equity capital, which closed in the second quarter from a diverse group of distinguished institutional investors. Athene will use this capital for several purposes including reinvesting in their business to strengthen their organic distribution platform, bolster their balance sheet to further improve their ratings us and as well [indiscernible] inorganic growth opportunities that are sensible for the business. As Athene executes its ongoing growth strategy, we intend to continue to provide them with what we believe are attractive investment opportunities sourced across our platform, as we do with our other investors. While this may not necessarily add new AUM to Apollo, this effort should help us to grow the amount of assets we're directly managing for Athene over time and be additive to our earnings and margins. One last point I'd like to make about our Credit business before turning it over to Martin, is in response to concerns we've been hearing relating to potential impact of rising rates on our Credit business. Out of more than $100 billion of credit AUM, our funds meant very little in the way of rate-sensitive assets, that is to say treasuries, munis and investment grade bonds with longer duration. In fact, we have an intentionally large exposure to floating rate assets. And so we welcome a rising interest rate environment and believe would be beneficial to our investment performance. Moreover, if rates were to rise at a quicker pace than expected, we believe any resulting dislocation would further benefit our returns as we've historically outperformed in those scenarios. Any dislocation would also likely result in more rapid deployment of our drawdown credit and private equity fund, which tend to generate higher management and incentive fees. Given these points, we believe that any concerns about rising rates with respect to our business are misplaced. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Martin to discuss our financial results.
Martin Kelly: Thanks, Josh, and good morning again, everyone. Within our press release this quarter, you have likely noticed our yearly introduced disclosure of distributable earnings or DE, which we feel provides great transparency into the cash earnings profile of our business, and more closely aligns our reporting with a similar metric reported by peers. As a reminder, our distribution policy is to payout substantially all of our net after-tax cash flow from operations or DE in excess of amounts named appropriate to run our business. If you look back over our recent history with ratios [ph] disclosed since the beginning of last year, you'll see that our quarterly payout ratio on DE has averaged approximately 88%. As it relates to the second quarter, as previously mentioned, our cash distribution declared was $0.46 per share, which includes our regular distribution of $0.15, plus $0.31 of other cash earnings. The additional amount above our regular distribution was primarily driven by carried interest ran from a handful of transactions, including secondary and/or block share sales of Berry Plastics, Rexnord, Sprouts Farmers Markets and Brit PLC. Subsequent to these transactions, the funds we manage hold the following shares: Fund VI held 21.6 million shares of Rexnord and 37.7 million shares of Sprouts; and Fund VII held 116.9 million shares of Brit. Based upon announced or settled transactions from our Private Equity funds since the beginning of July, including the share sales of Athlon and the remainder of Athlon's holdings of Berry Plastics, as well as the dividend from McGraw-Hill and price aids from the CLO refinancing Josh described. We have realized approximately $0.31 per share of net realized carried interest so far in the third quarter. Turning to our Management Business. For the second quarter, Apollo's Management Business earned $132 million of ENI versus $152 million in the first quarter of 2014. The quarter-over-quarter decrease was mainly driven by lower advisory and transaction fees, which were down $55 million primarily due to the absence of a number of specific items we've highlighted last quarter, which in aggregate amount to approximately $47 million. Regarding expenses, second quarter compensation was sequentially lower primarily due to the absence of the first quarter accelerated vesting charge related to our former president. Excluding this charge from the prior quarter, compensation costs were up approximately $9 million sequentially in the second quarter, reflecting continued headcount growth, including asset management. Non-compensation expenses of $5 million were higher during the quarter, reflecting an uptick in placement fees and interest expense. As Josh mentioned, we're actively raising products in our credit segment that could drive incremental placement fees in the second half of the year. As I mentioned on our last call, going forward, we will continue to strategically invest in the business by adding talent and capabilities to facilitate additional growth. And as we achieve an increasing amount of scale, we expect our margins to benefit over time. Turning to our Incentive Business. In terms of the performance of our Private Equity funds, our traditional Private Equity funds appreciated by approximately 5% during the second quarter, which was driven by 6% appreciation in publicly traded portfolio holdings and 4% appreciation in private holdings. Over the last 12 months, our Private Equity funds appreciated by approximately 36%. You may have noticed that our profit sharing expense ratios within the Incentive Business were elevated in the second quarter. This is primarily driven by 2 items. The first is the dynamic around which funds drive carried interest in any given quarter. While our long-term blended profit share rate, excluding the incentive pool, is expected to be in the low- and mid-40% range, in any quarter, this could be higher or lower since each fund has a specific profit sharing percentage that may be above, below or within that range. During the second quarter, Fund VII, which has a higher profit share ratio, appreciated; while Fund VI, which has a lower profit share, depreciated. Similar to the first quarter, this combination contributed to the elevated profit share ratio in the second quarter. Second, as we have noted in prior quarters, there was a discretionary incentive for compensation accrual in the quarter of approximately $12 million within the Incentive Business. As a reminder, this incentive pool is separate from fund level profit sharing and serves to incentivize certain partners and employees, and can have a variable impact on the profit share ratio during a particular quarter. Moving on to taxes. Our second quarter effective tax rate on ENI was 22%. Our ENI tax provision includes current taxes and an accrual for future taxes due on current ENI. Our calculation also assumes full conversion of AOG units into Class A shares. Our effective tax rate reflects a full year estimate of taxable income, which itself considers the relative earnings contributions of our Management and Incentive Businesses. The relative mix of these businesses continues to evolve with the growth to come. Besides a growing contribution from our Management Business, taxable carry during the quarter within fee and credit contributed to the higher rate. There are some investments within the funds we manage that generate taxable carried interest and it tends to arise in certain credit vehicles, as well as in some energy deals within the PE business. So depending on the mix of the deals or funds driving carry, the movement can also have a meaningful impact on our blended tax rate in a particular quarter. Also included within our ENI taxes of $59.5 million for the second quarter is approximately $20 million of taxes attributable to the Athene capital and surplus fee. The marginal impact of the Athene CNS fee to our effective tax rate is approximately 4%. Next, I'd like to provide some additional information on Athene's impact on our results this quarter. First, the percentage of Athene-related assets invested in Apollo managed funds was approximately 17% as of June 30, 2014. Although this percentage is in line with the March 31 level, the absolute dollar amount of Athene's total assets, as well as the sub-advised assets grew during the quarter. As we have stated previously, we expect the sub-advised assets under management to increase gradually over time as long as we continue to perform well in providing asset management services to Athene, and also identify appropriate and attractive opportunities to redeploy their investment portfolio. Next, Apollo has been receiving, and will receive for 2 more quarters, monitoring fees also known as the CNS fee, but will ultimately be received in the form of common shares of Athene. For the second quarter, this fee was $52 million. As you can see in our DE reconciliation, while this fee is additive to ENI, it is accrued as a noncash item and is impacted from distributable earning. As it relates to the CNS fee earned in 6 months ended June 2014, this fee is being settled on a quarterly basis in arrears in the form of additional shares of Athene based on its per-share valuation at the end of each quarter, and will appear as incremental value on our balance sheet going forward. As of the end of the second quarter, Apollo had a 5.8% economic ownership interest in Athene. This includes earned CNS and related fees through the first quarter of 2014, as well as Apollo's general profit stake as the manager of AP Alternative Assets or AAA. In dollar terms, Apollo's economic interests is valued at $262 million on their balance sheet as of June 30. Note that this amount excludes the $121 million gross carry receivable related to AAA as of June 30 and $53 million of CNS and related fees earned in the second quarter that we also expect to be paid in shares of Athene at a future date. Lastly, I'd like to highlight that on May 30, an indirect subsidiary of Apollo Global Management issued $500 million in senior senior notes at a coupon rate of 4%. We used the proceeds to pay down $250 million of our term loan, with the remaining capital to be used for general corporate purposes. Supported by strong credit ratings from S&P and Fitch and robust demand from institutional investors, this inaugural 144A debt offering allowed us to create a long-term capital structure at an attractive fixed-rate and establish a benchmark if we choose to access this market again in the future. After this bond issuance, our liquidity profile remains strong with $1 billion in total debt outstanding, $1.1 billion in cash and a $500 million undrawn revolver. Since our bond deal was completed 2 months into the quarter, the company expects our run rate interest expense to increase by nearly $3 million in the third quarter to approximately $7.5 million in third quarter. With that, we'll turn the call back to the operator, and open up the line for any of your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Michael Carrier of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. We'll move on to our next question. It comes from the line of Devin Ryan of JMP Securities.
Devin P. Ryan - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Appreciate the detail on the investing outlook and particularly around Fund VIII. I just want some color. I mean, are you guys having to get more creative around how you source deals and maybe structured some transactions differently in this environment? I appreciate all the color that you gave. But just to meet the objectives that you guys have and how stringent they are, whether that be in private equity or in credit, it sounds like maybe some of that's going on in the energy space but maybe -- love a little bit of an update on that outlook.
Joshua J. Harris: Yes. And then, I think, obviously, as the environment and the multiples go up as the environment gets, from a valuation standpoint, higher and higher, it gets harder over time. And I think generally, the complexity of the deals that you're doing have to be -- you have to be looking under a lot more stones. I mean, there's no question. So that's kind of one thing. I tell you, certainly, we are getting better at our craft over the years. The energy vertical we developed -- 6 years ago, we didn't have a huge business energy, now we do. We brought a bunch of energy professionals. We built a series of management teams all over in North America. And now, we're taking advantage of that. And so, we're constantly looking at, to use a hockey analogy, where the puck is going versus where is it today and try to figure out where are the arbitrages going to be. And I'd say that today, the arbitrages are generally, even with the overvaluation environment, is certainly in North America in energy. If you have the skills and expertise, you can take advantage of low prices as the massive supply of assets and massive investment opportunity from the Shell phenomena here serves things up. But I think, generally -- so I'd say over time, those are our long term trends. Short run, we're doing what we've always done, which is to go where others aren't. So -- but certainly, it gets harder in this environment.
Leon D. Black: I'd just like to add to that. This isn't a new phenomenon. If you look at the environment of our past Fund VII, which is a $15 billion fund, the average multiple being paid by our industry then was about 9x. I like to say that when I look at the track record we set with Fund VII, we've put the $15 billion to work in that environment and it was a 30% net return on that and about a 2.4x. But what we are most proud of is that it was put to work at a 6.1x multiple so that we were actually taking less risk and still setting best-in-class returns, that is what we are about. And so when we say today, yes, the multiples have gone from 9x to 9.5x, it's not like this is a new phenomenon that we're unfamiliar with. So the combination of being able to switch from corporate carve-outs to idiosyncratic complex deals. And then finally, as I said earlier in the prepared remarks, in 6 of our 7 funds, because we have a 6-year investment statute on each fund, we've been able to also capture distressed opportunities because of cycles generally happening historically within a 6-year period. So the fact that we've already put 15% to work in the new fund, then it's only really 6 months since it closed, makes us feel very comfortable with being able to maintain and sustain our model.
Devin P. Ryan - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay, great, appreciate all the detail there. And then, just the follow with the respect to the additional, I guess, incentive pool comp noted and -- can you give any more detail of actually how much of that was? And then, was that tied to a specific event? Did it reflect any catch up? I'm assuming that it was probably more elevated that it will be going forward, so I'm just trying to get some more context around how much it was and why it came in this quarter?
Martin Kelly: So let me address the different components of the profit share. So overall, we have a 58% profit share ratio for the quarter. Within fee, that's 62%, and within credit, that's 48%. Within PE, that's driven by the 2 factors that I highlighted on the call. One is in predominantly mixed between Fund VI and VII. And secondly is the incentive pool, which is a discretionary year-to-year program whereby an amount of carry can discretionary be put aside to pay investment furnishes [ph] and other people. Within credit, we had -- the profit share was somewhat elevated this quarter, really for the reason that we had a onetime adjustment in our credit incentive plan. And if you remember last quarter, we introduced a new compensation plan in credit, which had a onetime cost associated with it. It was a slight incremental cost that we incurred in the second quarter. Excluding that, the profit share in credit was about 42%, and that reflects the allocated points on all the funds that contributed to the carry.
Devin P. Ryan - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Right. But -- and just -- but to sum up, because there's a lot of puts and takes, certainly, when you have -- quarter-to-quarter, the ratio's going to vary up and down because if you have funds with higher profit share that go up and funds with lower profit share that go down, you get strange results. But we would expect our long term -- as Martin said in his remarks, we'd expect our long-term blended profit share rate, including incentive pool, to be in the low 40%, low- to mid-40%. So we don't -- we feel like this is not going to be a recurring, even though it's happened in the last 2 quarters, because you've seen 6 go down and 7 go up, we don't expect that to continue, there's no reason for that to continue. It just happened to be that it happened 2 quarters in a row.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brennan Hawken of UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: This is Brent Thill on for Brennan. I just wanted to ask, so you've talked about investing in liquid and complex activities. So what are beyond the implications of holding those kinds of investments, just in terms of earnings volatility quarter-to-quarter, especially given the lower multiple investors seem to put on the alternative asset managers.
Leon D. Black: I'm sorry, the electronics were cutting in and out. Can you just repeat that, please?
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Sure. So you spoke about just finding better deployment opportunities and you've looked particularly at liquid and complex kind of scenarios. So what are the implications of holding those kinds of investments in terms of earnings volatility quarter-to-quarter? Especially given the lower multiple investors seem to put on the alternative asset managers and just the heightened volatility that might create in earnings?
Martin Kelly: So, we -- anything that's not publicly traded or quoted is subject to evaluation process which we go through each quarter. And we look at a variety of different valuation methods depending on the sector and the type of investment. And so -- and that reflects a long-term view on cash flows or ultimate value in our exit from that position. And so.
Joshua J. Harris: But I think to break it down in credit, I think first of all, we have the highest percentage of any of the publicly traded alternative managers of liquid-based securities. So the market marks us, it is what it does like we happen to have. So when we talk about illiquid and complicated, I think we're talking about relative in credit, certainly we're talking about relative to the bond market, in the bank market, so what we're trying to do is create off-to-run opportunities that add 300 to 500 -- add premium to the returns, typically 300 basis points and up for the same amount of risk. To do that, those securities are generally less liquid. And so I can't -- relative -- are those more volatile than the liquid securities? I think it kind of depends on the market environment. Sometimes, they are, sometimes they're not. If you look at the sell off in the last week, what sold off was the big liquid names that were saleable. A lot of times the illiquid names aren't saleable and they don't move as much. So I'm not sure I would draw that conclusion. Relative to PE, we're buying things that lower multiples generally than our peers, so we're buying more value-oriented companies. In some cases, growth-oriented companies get hit harder. In some cases, more value-oriented companies get hit harder. And so, again, I think it kind of depends on the market environment, whether we're going to be more or less volatile relative to our peers. So I think that -- I don't know if that clarifies what you're asking but...
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Harris of Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a quick follow-up on the profit share, just to make sure that I'm kind of getting the concept right. If you have a similar situation with Fund VII and Fund VI, I mean, they both appreciate in value just the same. Is it just safe to assume that your profit share is going to be constant from where it is today? And then, related to that, what is going to be impact on that as Fund VIII starts to become more material in size?
Martin Kelly: So on the first part of the question, if both funds either appreciate or depreciate, then you could average the profit share on a straight-line basis. But if one is making money and one is losing money but on a net basis you make money, which is what happened both this quarter and last quarter, then the combination of that mathematically creates a very high profit share ratio placed on that carry. When we talk about our long-term expected profit share ratio, that incorporates what we expect Fund VIII to do and how it will contribute to the earnings profile of the firm and it also incorporates the new credit incentive plan that we discussed last quarter, which is a sort of -- across the credit platform compensation plan whereby all credit professionals participate in a common carry pool.
Joshua J. Harris: Fund VIII is, when we say, low to mid-40s, Fund VIII is squarely actually in the lower end of that range. So the Fund VIII ought to sort of push it towards that long-term ratio. And so that -- hope that helps.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes, that does and I appreciate that. Then my follow-up, I guess would be, a bit of a hypothetical question. I know you guys probably don't like answering those, but I'll ask anyways. I appreciate all the comments about being ready for a downturn and I think it's pretty reasonable to assume that we might get one sometime over the next 5 or 6 years as you're investing Fund VIII. But let's say over the next couple of years or so, we don't get much change to the valuations in the marketplace. Do you guys feel like this is kind of where the run rate for the investing pace would be under that scenario? Or do you think maybe given some of the things you talked about in the comments, there might be opportunities to take it up a little bit more than where it is today?
Joshua J. Harris: I think it's hard -- I mean, it's hard to answer your question. I mean, I'd say, so -- we're a year into our -- even though we closed. We're in a year into our investment period 6 months ago, we're a year into our investment period. We've invested 15% of the fund. So 6 times 15 is 90. So just that our current...
Leon D. Black: But 15% -- excuse me for interrupting, which were for the first 6 months...
Joshua J. Harris: No, it's for a year. [indiscernible] It started from the first quarter. So 15 times 6 is 90. So at our current pace, we'll invest the Fund. So it's -- the ebb and the flow of the deal environment is highly unpredictable, certainly. So I guess, that's the way I'd answer that. I mean, I think at current pace, we'll invest in the Fund in 6 years or in just about 6 years. So I think if the environment continued this way, that would probably be the answer without -- at current run rate. Hard to know whether it gets better or worse.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Katz of Citigroup.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You mentioned that you're having some good success in the high-network channel. Just sort of wondering, as you look out over the next 6 to 12 months, how that pipeline might look for incremental products, and which products those might be.
Joshua J. Harris: There's a huge demand in the high-net worth channel for credit, for sort of both the opportunistic and investment-grade credit where literally we say to people, look, we're -- we have a number of fund offerings in the marketplace where we say,"look, we'll give you for the same risk, if you want to single B risk, if you want BB risk, if you want BBB risk, we'll give you for that same unit of risk, 300 to 500 basis points of excess return." That's our pitch and what you have to give us is you have to give -- you have to be willing to give us a little bit of illiquidity. You have to lock up your capital, and we'll also give you shorter duration relative to index. And so that pitch, because everyone knows or people that are sensible believe that rates might go up, that pitch resonates with the retail sector, people are looking for that type of investment opportunity. So that is, I'd say, it's in credit and it's broadly across the spectrum in credit depending on what the investors would like. And it's -- by the way, it's a channel we're committed to and we're really investing in the infrastructure to be able to expand our offerings there.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, that's helpful. The follow-up question is, listen, this roll forward between the first and second quarter, a big percentage of your new assets were co-investment vehicles both in the private equity and in the credit. So I'm curious if you just saw a step back. You mentioned that you're very good success in terms of these larger strategic mandates. Just sort of review the economics of that -- of those assets relative to legacy business. I presume the lower fee would maybe higher margin, is that a fair way to think about it?
Joshua J. Harris: It's all over the map. I mean, I'm not sure like there -- it can be all over the map. It depends specifically on the investment type. So I don't know how to really address that, it's too broad of a question. So, I'm sorry.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Lee of KBW.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: First, I just want to -- thanks for the added disclosure on the DE. I think it's helpful. I have a question on capital formation. I just want to touch a little bit on real estate. I mean, what are your thoughts there? I mean, if I'm looking at it correctly, looks like the debt fund in real estate is pretty fully invested. So is that a strategy you're in the market with now? Maybe that wasn't incorporate into your comments on credits in general. And then I'll just have a follow-up from that.
Joshua J. Harris: The debt -- a lot of the debt stuff, certainly, first of all, is related to that stuff we're managing for Athene in terms of structured credit. Maybe a number of public vehicles that are constantly raising capital. And then there are some other funds that are not fully invested. Certainly, our European nonperforming loan fund has capacity and it is investing in real estate. So I think it's -- I think we're going to continue to grow the real estate credit business. We see that as part of our right in our strike zone relative to our integrated platform with real estate private equity and everything we're doing relative to buying things from banks that are either re-regulating or kind of overleveraged. On the equity side, we're nearly fully invested in our real estate private equity fund and we are going to enter the market shortly with another fund. And expect that the first fund -- I mean, the latest fund is not quite well. And we expect the next fund to be incrementally larger and successful. So I think where -- real estate is an area that we're committed to and investing in. And certainly when you look at the size of real estate and you look at the profitability, which you all can see, it's not adding a lot to our bottom line right now. We get that, but there will be a lot of operating leverage going forward and we expect that to change over time.
Martin Kelly: It's Martin. I just want to go back, actually, and just make a clarification on the prior question, and I'm sorry to cut you off. On the co-invest question, the roll forward shows $2.5 million this quarter. That was co-invest money that was raised in prior quarters, and we revised our definition of AO this quarter to conform with what we see as industry practice. So it's not new dollars this quarter, it's a definitional change.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: No problem. And maybe just as a follow-up. In thinking about business expansion and obviously you've talked about credit and real estate, some of your peers have also expanded their alternative platforms and building out fund-of-funds capabilities and things like that. So can you maybe just update us on your thoughts or if there's any appetite. I know you had, I guess, you had that small investment in that Australian fund-of-funds business, but what are your thoughts are in expansion into a different alternative marketplace?
Joshua J. Harris: We're certainly looking at each other. I mean, credit is such a -- it's not that we would never rule anything out and we're highly opportunistic. But we just see such potential in credit in terms of the size of our platform relative to the size of the opportunity out there and the size of the deleveraging going on and the number of assets that are coming out and the demand of our client base and our brand name and our expertise. So we feel like we were pretty focused right now on our existing 3 platforms, which is private equity, real estate and credit, would you see all of those opportunities.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a focus a little bit more on the topic you talked about, Josh, on this concept of disintermediating banks, to some extent, given the regulatory changes into deleveraging. Can you talk maybe a little bit more granularly about the different products that, that -- into different vehicles that you have in which you think we'll see the biggest growth. If you can talk about anything standing from the NPL funds to any direct lending opportunities, as well as Europe versus the U.S? And then just the CLO assets under management, if you could quantify that number as well?
Joshua J. Harris: Okay, yes. So yes, I mean, I'd say, certainly, Europe, the biggest -- the acutest pain right now is in Europe relative to the size of the banks and the need for them to get smaller and certainly we are growing our business in Europe. We're also growing in the U.S. but -- and it starts with, certainly, nonperforming loans, residential loans, consumer, receivable, commercial loan, and then, it's trust for control situation, it's buying debt in the marketplace. We have vehicles that are opportunistic credit vehicles where we're doing direct lending, we're buying debt in the marketplace. Each of our vehicle is broadly mandated because we think that, that is the way to think about the world and limiting people to specific securities we don't think works. So the way I would describe our vehicles would be to bucket them in terms of low, medium and high risk. We have, in essence, a BBB vehicle. We have a BB vehicle. And then we have opportunistic vehicles. And each of those have return criteria -- 6 to 8, 10 to 12, and then 12 to 18. And when you compare those to the underlying indexes, you can do the math in your own head, that we're trying to generate significant access return of our clients. So I would say, it's really broadly mandated. The thing I haven't mentioned is structured credit, which, for the most part, we also think it's an interesting opportunity, particularly for insurance companies. So there's a lot of demand for that credit in Athene and otherwise. And so it's pretty broad. So I don't know if that was -- answered your question but that's probably the right way to put it.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, that was very helpful. Maybe there's a way -- I'm not sure if we can quantify this, but within your Private Equity vehicles and the flexible mandate that you have. Do you have a sense of to what extent you can think of Fund VIII as part of this -- you'll be investing in these types of themes within Fund VIII?
Joshua J. Harris: Well, Fund VIII -- Fund VIII, historically our private equity vehicles have been 40% originated. They're ultimately control vehicles, right, where we want to end up with the equity. But when you think about that can start off as a debt investment for an equity investment and historically over the years, when you take the overall average, it's been about 40% of our overall private equity dollars. Certainly Fund VIII is starting off way lower than that. We haven't quantified it, but it's way lower than that. And that's a function of the fact that the environment is dealing it right now. There's a lot of liquidity and the stress isn't as good of a business -- it's not -- there's not a lot of value in distress right now, there's no value. But we're finding value in other areas that we've talked about. So I mean, I don't know how to quantify where Fund VIII will end up other than to tell you that the average has been 40. It's been as high as 80 in the early '90s. And 7 was in the mid-50s. And then it's been lower for certain funds. So 40 is probably the best I can do on a long run average basis and it's starting off slow.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dina Shin of Crdit Suisse.
Dina Shin - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: As you mentioned, we see Apollo being very active in partnering with local firms with an expertise in certain areas with the energy sector. When you think about build versus buy, what makes you to get more involved with platform investments, particularly in energy versus buying the entire company, like how you do in PE where you take the majority of ownership?
Joshua J. Harris: It's purchase price, where there's value and where you find value, you need the management expertise almost whether you're buying the company or you're buying individual assets and creating a company. When we -- if you went back 3, 4 years ago, the value was in these buildups, right now what we're seeing more of is that the public markets are being quite discerning on companies that own multiple basins. And they're valuing them at lower multiples and so there's a lot of pressure on companies to shed assets and become more pure plays. And so as a result, we're seeing a lot of value and this is all directional. We're seeing more value in division than actual divisions of companies where big, big companies are shedding divisions and we just announced a transaction with Encana, which is a very large Canadian company just like that, where they're shedding division and I don't -- I suspect that we're entered towards becoming more of a pure play because they see it -- that as the way to create value for their shareholders, but that's a trend that's going on across the industry.
Dina Shin - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, got it. And also another question on the incentive income and the Private Equity section. We've seen negative unrealized income for the past 4 out of 6 quarters in the PE segment as Apollo's harvesting more than what's getting accrued right now. And so given this trend, how should we think about the cash earnings generation power over the next 12 to 18 months?
Martin Kelly: So I would break that into a couple of different pieces. One is the management company, which is growing. And if you look at the new DE table, and if you look at the 6 months of this year versus last year, cash earnings are about $250 million versus $150 million last year. So as we continue to grow our credit business and as we focus on margins, that will improve the cash earnings of the management company. The Credit business is -- if you look back in time and you look at realized versus unrealized changes quarter-on-quarter, and certainly, if you look in the last 4 quarters, we're averaging around $89 of carry per quarter coming out of credit and there's different contributors to that. EPF is now paying a larger role, but that's not a flatline sustainable number. But that's the average that we're seeing. And if you look at PE, there are simple ways to frame that, that we have $22 billion of PE money on the ground. And that equates to -- across the whole fund that equates to about $2.70 of carry per share at June 30. And so -- and then we have Fund VI and VII, which are at different sort of stages of maturity in terms of the percentage of their assets that are public. So there's a robust amount of unrealized carry that's yet to be monetized and that will take quarters and years to do. At the same time, we're investing Fund VIII and at the same time, we expect that $22 billion to continue to appreciate in value over the term.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Marc Irizarry of Goldman Sachs.
Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Leon, can you talk about the asset allocation policies, some of your LPs. Where are you seeing if there's this is opportunity coming from credit and maybe private debt. What bucket do you think this is coming out of? I mean, is this coming from the core sort of the core fixed income allocation or where do you see these assets being sourced from?
Joshua J. Harris: Yes, I think, I'm sorry, it's really coming from both. So I'd say that for a long, long time, you would show up at the pension funds and you would try to talk about opportunistic --I will start with opportunistic. You would try to opportunistic -- just try to talk about opportunistic credit and you'd start with the PE group, the alternatives group, and they'd tell you, what are the returns? Well their turns are low to mid-teens. Okay, we don't -- that's too low. Go to the fixed income guy, you go to the fixed income guys and they'd tell you, we don't really do that. We invest off of indexes. We do-- we'll buy investment-grade bonds. And so it was really caught in the middle of these institutions and no one was focusing on it. What's happened recently is that CIOs have said, wait a second, interest rates are really low, we have a duration -- a fixed income portfolio with long duration and when treasuries go up, this thing is going to get killed, and so what we're going to do we needed ways out of that. And the equity markets are high, we're very nervous. And so the asset allocation in general has been 50, 40, 10, 50% fixed income 40%, stocks 10% alternatives. That's all -- it's all shifting towards alternatives. Alternatives themselves are growing. Alternatives have doubled in the last 5 or 6 years depending on what stat you look at from 6 to 12 or 7 to 15, depending on what the stats are. At the same time, within the context of the fixed income buckets, some of the things are now doing relative to sort of bank debt, relative to structured credit, relative to our total return fund product, which is an investment-grade, fixed-income product, which has less liquidity. I mean, all of these things are coming out of the fixed income bucket. So I'd say, it's all of the above and it's really about solution selling to the CIO and solving a problem for these institutions and one after another and after another, you're seeing institutions wake up and want this type of product, which is why we say, there's such opportunity for us in credit because there's just -- they're starting to fall like dominoes, whether it'd be sovereigns, whether it be U.S. pension system now. Now it's the high net worth channels. So everyone is waking up and saying, "This is a great place to hide in what we see as a possible storm coming. We can make good money relative to fixed income, but we have downside protection and we're not taking equity risk.
Leon D. Black: Yes, just putting in a little bit -- along the same lines but in different words, I mean, you look at the world today and you look at all the institutional capital that's out there and how much of the pension community is still underfunded and sitting with an 8% bogey, the whole credit world, the high rated credit world, just doesn't get them there. I mean, you look at where we are treasuries. You look at investment grade. So you have a real challenge to most of the CIOs and to be able to come to them and say, if you look at all asset classes, #1, private equity is one of the only ones and maybe the only one that's consistently, over 20 years, has beaten that bogey. And you come to them also with the credit argument that Josh has gave that there are a lot of different categories and what we've tried to do basically is to create a Chinese menu of different products and some of them maybe fixed rate, and some of maybe more inflation hedges with roving rates that go up with indices. I think that, that is the great selling point right now for us. I mean, if you ask about asset allocation on private equity, the world has become very bifurcated. The really good performers are getting a lot of money. The ones who aren't, they're having to shrink their funds. We've been very fortunate to be in the first category because we've been able to consistently generate best-in-class returns. I love this. I'm going to read it, it was The Wall Street Journal article last week that came out and Preqin, the data provider basically said that APO, Apollo Global, is the loan representative of the large publicly traded firms to make it into the list of roughly 3 dozen buyout firms which have consistently outperformed their peers. Now that basically has translated into us being one of the few that also increased the size of our Private Equity funds, and that does not go unnoticed by investors who are trying to beat that 8% bogey, but we've never done worse than 9% or 10% in our 24-year history. Likewise, in credit, we've created a whole range of products, some in the 6 to 8 range at a very senior level unlevered up to NPLs in Europe into the mid- to high-teens. And in between, there are a dozen different products. So if you look at your original question on asset allocation, it really comes in all colors and sizes. The fact that we now have all these managed accounts, $15 billion, some of them basically give us a carte blanche and say, "just give us where you think you're going to be able to find the best opportunities to do better than 13%. You choose." Others have specifically said, "we just want to be in European credit." And so forth, and then you get down to something more granular, which is in the managed account but where they say we choose this product on your Chinese menu. But given the disintermediation that's going on with the banks and a few investment banks that are left and given that need by all the capital out there, and given the fact that the sovereigns are really flush with money amount that they also, all these wins, they're really playing in very much in our favor.
Joshua J. Harris: And just to give you a sense of size, the banking sector, as we added up globally, is about $100 trillion. The pension system asset, they're $60 trillion. If you look at publicly traded alternatives with credit businesses, you try to add up all the credit money that you can find, it's less than $500 billion. So $0.5 trillion. So the size of the -- when I talk about the size of the opportunity, it's in the context of those numbers. And it's just starting.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a question on the realization outlook. So the vast majority of your portfolio is liquid. I think the net accrued carry is around $3, and the performance is good. So when I think about the timing, does anything change as the credit part of the business is a bigger contributor, meaning, should we think about longer or shorter duration in terms of realizing that accrued carry? And then on the Private Equity side, are there any restrictions in terms of secondary restrictions that would limit you taking advantage of the opportunity either to realize that carry or just the normal opportunistic based on the market backdrop?
Joshua J. Harris: I mean, so credit is very different in Private Equity. Private Equity, you put money on the ground, you weigh, you build value, base case 5 years later, it comes out of the ground sometimes a lot faster and you've made to point in our case 2.5x your money. Credit is literally, you put money in the ground, you merely get interest expense and maybe you -- the duration of buying and selling is much more rapid. So I think you can think about credit almost as, and we haven't -- we should -- I don't know what the averages are but it's very, very quick. And it will be more normalized, more recurrent subject to normalize market conditions. And so certainly, thinking about those 2 components very differently in terms of their predictability. I mean, certainly, most of the income command of credit is interest expense and that's a highly predictable. So I'd say that those are very different. There are no restrictions on what we can do or can't do. We are be able to realize and when we feel like it, in certain cases, for a very small number of our funds, we have -- there are reinvestment funds where the traffic it's reinvested or whatever but that's a very small percentage of what we do. Mark, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Amanda Yao of JPMorgan.
Amanda Yao - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Synergy and CSV [ph] to name a couple. Can you just touch on the greater use of JV and partnerships to invest capital? How are these deals structured and do you see greater focus placed on pursuing partnerships going forward?
Leon D. Black: I'm sorry, we lost the first half of your question. Do you think you could just repeat it, please?
Amanda Yao - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Absolutely. The partnerships that were announced this quarter, Synergy and CSV [ph], Just to name a few, can you just touch on the greater use of JVs and partnerships to invest capital?
Joshua J. Harris: Right. So I would say that in the energy space, you need financial expertise, but you also need teams of scientists, landmen, reserve engineers, petroleum experts. And so the use of partnerships is likely to be very high in the energy space. Even if you're buying a division of a company, you're usually doing that with people that can help you understand the assets better than you can, better than you're situated. So while -- as we mentioned, North American energy is a big part of what we're doing right now because of that happens to be where the value is today. And so you're seeing a lot of partnerships and to the extent we're doing more North American energy, you'll see a lot of partnerships, we certainly do use partnerships in pretty much every other area of our PE business, it's just not as important, and the percentages are much lower and, therefore, you don't hear about it as much. But certainly with a focus on North American energy, you'll see more announcements with this sort of partnership added expertise being the driving force.
Amanda Yao - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And just a follow-up of that, can you talk a little bit more about how these deals are structured?
Joshua J. Harris: Yes, I mean, they're structured as, we put up the bulk of the capital but the management teams and the partners put ups a bunch of the capital also. In some cases, the assets are contributed but usually not. And then -- so they're provided some incremental incentive based on the returns that are good for our LPs. For example, as management is pointing out, this is how Athlon started. Athlon is now a very successful deal for Apollo and highly successful public company. It started up literally, we sat around with the team, there were no assets and we agreed on a partnership structure with them, and then we started looking at things, with our expertise being capital and strategic oversight, and financing and capital structure and their oversight being managing the day-to-day operations in evaluating reserves and managing the business. And so literally now this is a huge company.
Operator: And thank you. That was our final question. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Gary Stein for any additional or closing remarks.
Gary M. Stein: Thanks, operator. Thanks, everyone, for joining today. If you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to follow up with Noah Gunn or myself. Thanks, again.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-08 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary M. Stein - Head of Corporate Communications Leon D. Black - Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee Martin Kelly - Chief Financial Officer Joshua J. Harris - Co-Founder, Senior Managing Director, Director, and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Anne Dai - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Christoph M. Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Devin P. Ryan - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division M. Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Research LLP
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Management's 2014 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications.
Gary M. Stein: Thanks, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me today from Apollo are Leon Black, Chairman and CEO; and Martin Kelly, Chief Financial Officer. In addition, Josh Harris, Senior Managing Director, is on the call today and will be available for Q&A. Earlier this morning, Apollo reported non-GAAP after-tax economic net income of $0.55 per share, and we also declared a cash distribution of $0.84 per share for the first quarter of 2014. For U.S. GAAP purposes, we reported net income attributable to Apollo Global Management of $72 million for the first quarter of 2014 compared to $249 million for the first quarter of 2013. Today's conference call may include forward-looking statements and projections, and we ask that you refer to our most recent filings with the SEC for important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements and projections. We don't undertake to update our forward-looking statements or projections unless required by law. We will also be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, such as economic net income, which are reconciled to our GAAP net income attributable to Class A shareholders. These reconciliations are included in our first quarter earnings press release, which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website. Please also refer to our most recent 10-K for additional information on non-GAAP measures and risk factors relating to our business. As a reminder, this conference call is copyrighted property and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without our consent. If you have any questions about any information in the release or on this call, please feel free to follow up with me or Noah Gunn afterwards. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Leon Black, Chairman and CEO of Apollo Global Management.
Leon D. Black: Thanks, Gary. And good morning, everyone. Before I begin my prepared remarks on our business, I'd just like to take a brief moment to thank Marc Spilker for his contributions to the firm during his tenure as our President. As many of you know, we recently announced that Marc stepped down, but we are very glad he remains aboard as a senior advisor to assist the firm in the transition through the end of the year. Marc was very instrumental in helping the firm get off the ground as a public company, and he was engaged in communicating our business to all of you, which is something that I, along with my partners, Josh Harris and Marc Rowan, expect to take a more active role in going forward. This call marks the 3-year anniversary of our first earnings call since listing in the New York Stock Exchange in our 2011 IPO. While much has changed in the short time since, I'm proud to say that our firm has continued to grow and diversify, reinforcing our position as a leading global alternative investment manager. First, our AUM has more than doubled to nearly $160 billion during that time, up from just $68 billion at the time of our IPO, largely driven by robust growth in our evolving credit business, which stands today at over $100 billion. Secondly, we continue deliver investment excellence to our fund investors as demonstrated by our stellar track record in private equity, which now stands with a 39% gross return and a 26% net IRR since our inception when we started Apollo nearly 25 years ago. Importantly, our strong performance has driven almost $8 in cash distributions per share to our shareholders since our IPO. And lastly, our outstanding investment results have enabled us to raise a significant amount of new capital for a variety of strategies across Apollo's integrated platform. For example, and I have to say, we continue to be humbled by the strong support extended by new and long-standing limited partners for our eighth flagship private equity fund, now the largest in the firm's history at $18.4 billion, which closed at the end of 2013. And this was at a time when raising larger successor funds was proving difficult for many industry participants. In short, I am tremendously pleased with the progress we've made to date as a public company, but I'm even more optimistic for the future. And I'd like to highlight some of the reasons for my enthusiasm. First, our integrated investment platform, one that leverages the collective experience of our 300 investment professionals across multiple businesses, we believe provides us with a clear competitive advantage. In addition, our differentiated, value-oriented, contrarian investment philosophy continues to permeate everything we do as investment managers, regardless of where in the capital structure we are investing in our funds' capital. This point about our investment philosophy is particularly important since it may be as relevant as it's ever been in today's market environment, where private equity valuations remain elevated and credit is priced to perfection with yields near historic lows. Since we announced the close of Fund VIII, there have been some questions in the marketplace around our ability to invest this fund in the current market environment. Our view is that, just as we have done throughout all market cycles since Apollo's founding in 1990, we are remaining disciplined and patient as we pursue more idiosyncratic, off-the-beaten-path opportunities where we can leverage our deep sector knowledge and our credit expertise to capture value on behalf of our investors. Currently, these opportunities are presenting themselves most evidently within 2 overreaching investment themes that we believe will persist, not just for a few quarters, but for many years. The first opportunity is the massive capital investment needed in the energy sector, and the second opportunity is the shifting financial services landscape, not only in Europe, but here also in the U.S. With these themes and other investment ideas in mind, we are actively investing and building the pipeline for our new private equity fund utilizing our 3 deployment pathways: one, corporate carve-outs; two, opportunistic buyouts; and three, distressed investments. And we remain confident that being armed with long-dated, locked-up capital to take advantage of these long-term opportunities will accrue to the benefit of all of our investors. The next area I'd like to emphasize is our credit business. While private equity has always been core to Apollo's franchise and will continue to be, deep credit analysis has been fundamental to our investment strategy, and we have oriented the firm this way since day 1. Many of you know that when I founded Apollo back in 1990, we initially managed capital for the Credit Lyonnais bank, with a broad mandate to invest up and down the capital structure in both equity and debt throughout differing economic cycles. Fast-forward to today, and credit is our fastest-growing business segment with over $100 billion in AUM across a variety of unconstrained credit products that span the liquidity and yield spectrum. The growth in our credit business stems from our ability to capitalize on opportunities arising from the financial crisis and also the subsequent regulatory changes affecting the capital markets coming out of the financial crisis. There has been a wide variety of highly compelling opportunities for firms like Apollo due to the fallout of traditional providers of capital, which have either gone out of business or have been forced to scale back their operations significantly. In addition, as traditional financial institutions have come under pressure to reduce headcount and shed non-core businesses, we've been able to build new businesses and acquire specialized teams of talented professionals, which have complemented our expertise in non-core industries. For example, within the last few years, we've hired dedicated teams in energy mezzanine and emerging markets' corporate debt, among others. We have a deep understanding of the challenges in our LP space in trying to meet target return thresholds, typically in the 7% to 8% range for pension funds. And we have built our business, in part, to provide customized portfolio solutions for them. We now manage more than $14 billion of our clients' capital through strategic managed accounts, including $900 million in 2 new mandates that we'll fund in the second quarter. One is a $500 million account from a large state pension fund, and the other is a $400 million account from a large sovereign wealth fund. Generically, the mandates are focused on yield and opportunistic credit investing. These highly-customized, solutions-driven accounts leverage our expertise in unconstrained credit and aim to meet investment objectives that extend beyond traditional fixed income. Just as we have developed a private equity investment strategy focused around 3 pathways that enable us to traverse market cycles and deploy capital, our approach to building our credit business has also been to assemble an extensive toolkit which will enable us to pursue a range of opportunities that span the liquidity and yield spectrum to address the risk and return needs of our clients. In fact, our strong relationship with Athene is a powerful example of how our capabilities on the yield end of that spectrum have grown over the past few years. We believe that by marrying Athene's world-class insurance capabilities with Apollo's world-class asset management and other service capabilities, the end result is a compelling and differentiated insurance company business model. And as we've done since inception, we continue to support Athene's growth strategy as demonstrated more recently by our assistance in helping the company raise more than $1 billion of third-party equity capital from some of the world's most prominent institutional investors. The last area I'd like to highlight today relates to realizations. At a conference in the spring of last year, I was somewhat infamously quoted as saying that we were selling everything that was not nailed down. Here, at Apollo, since then, it's no secret we've been very active in monetizing the existing investments of the funds we manage, but even I didn't foresee the remarkable pace of the activity to come. To put some figures around it, we've returned approximately $38 billion of capital and realized gains to our fund investors over the past 2 years, including more than $22 billion in private equity in the last 18 months. The activity over the past 18 months alone has driven nearly $6 in cash distributions per share to our shareholders. So the question now is, what's available for potential future realizations within our funds' current PE portfolio? At the end of the first quarter, the fair value of our PE funds was approximately $22 billion. It's worth noting that the average fair value of our PE portfolio, on a quarterly basis since our IPO 3 years ago, has been approximately $25 billion. So despite the robust realization activity we've seen over the past 1.5 years, the combination of value creation and new investment activity has provided a meaningful offset over time. While there will certainly be quarterly fluctuations in the level of the portfolio because of the various stages in the investment process, i.e., deploying, growing and harvesting, we don't believe all -- it doesn't always happen at the same time and at the same pace. Despite that, we believe this is a continuous cycle that is repeatable over the long term. For now, in terms of harvesting, we intend to remain active in capitalizing on market conditions as appropriate. Given our capital markets insight across the Apollo platform, we believe we are well positioned to take advantage of debt and equity opportunities as when those permit. Furthermore, when you couple our relatively mature private equity portfolio with other components of the firm, most notably our growing and scalable credit business that's generating more cash today than it has at any point in our history, we believe the result is an even more compelling distribution story. Before I turn the call back over to Gary, I just wanted to take a step back and highlight the big picture that we never lose sight of here at Apollo. We've worked very hard to build a truly global alternative investment management firm with an outstanding brand and investment track record. The delivery of our strong performance to investors, coupled with the favorable secular tailwinds in our industry, including the search for yield, increasing allocations through alternatives, consolidations of GP relationships and the shifting financial services landscape, all play to the strengths of Apollo. As we're sitting here today, we've recently reloaded our dry powder in private equity with our largest fund ever. Our credit business continues to scale with the positive impact of Athene. Our earnings mix continues to evolve in favor of the Management Business, and the strength and continuity of our team is firmly aligned with the interest of our investors. In summary, we believe we are well positioned to capitalize on the range of opportunities that are in front of us. As we continue to grow our ever-expanding footprint across the alternative landscape, we expect our fund investors and shareholders to benefit for many more years to come. With that, Gary?
Gary M. Stein: Thanks, Leon. I'd just like to spend a few minutes reviewing some of the highlights across our business segments. Starting with private equity. The funds maintained a strong pace of realization activity in the first quarter, which resulted in aggregate distributions of $3 billion of capital to our fund investors. In the process, we earned nearly $400 million of realized carry in private equity, which is the primary driver of our $0.84 cash distribution this quarter. Specifically, these realizations were driven by numerous transactions, including secondary and/or block share of sales of our funds' remaining interest in Constellium, as well as some of our funds' interest in Athlon, Berry Plastics, Noranda Aluminum, Norwegian Cruise Lines and Rexnord. Following these transactions, the funds we manage held the following: Funds V and VI collectively held 21.9 million shares of Berry Plastics; Fund VI held 20 million shares of Noranda, 35.9 million shares of Norwegian Cruise Lines and 36.7 million shares of Rexnord; and Fund VII held 37.7 million shares of Athlon. In addition, there were 2 realizations that were announced towards the end of the first quarter that closed just after quarter end, including a secondary of Sprouts Farmers Markets and the IPO of Brit PLC. Following these transactions, Fund VI held 37.7 million shares of Sprouts, and Fund VII held 116.9 million shares of Brit. At the end of March, 58% of the $22 billion of fair value in the private equity portfolio we manage was held in publicly traded securities, leaving our funds well positioned for continued realizations on an opportunistic basis, as Leon just noted. Regarding capital deployment within our private equity funds, activity moderated in the first quarter from the level seen in the fourth quarter of 2013, largely due to lower levels of follow-on investment activity. That said, first quarter activity was driven by the announcement and close of the acquisition of CEC Entertainment, a public-to-private opportunistic transaction of a nationally recognized leader in the family entertainment space. So far, in the second quarter, we've announced and completed an investment in Caelus Energy Alaska, a new exploration and production company focused on Alaska oil and gas assets, formed in partnership with a talented veteran management team. Apollo funds have the opportunity to invest up to $1 billion in Caelus in the aggregate to develop the company's existing assets and to pursue acquisitions in Alaskan oil and gas market. PE fundraising activity in the quarter included a $325 million closing for AION, our value-oriented India-focused joint venture fund with ICICI, bringing total fund commitments for AION to $700 million through quarter end. And we just held a final closing for this fund, bringing total commitments to approximately $825 million, positioning AION as one of the largest India-focused funds to date. Turning briefly to our credit business. At the end of the first quarter, we continue to have more than $100 billion of AUM and credit, which includes $49 billion related to Athene, and that's exclusive of the amounts that are sub-advised by Apollo; nearly $24 billion in U.S. performing credit; $12 billion in structured credit; nearly $8 billion in opportunistic credit; and more than $8 billion in European credit strategies. As Leon discussed, our credit franchise provides us with a powerful platform that enables us to offer our clients a broad range of unconstrained credit solutions to meet their needs across the risk/return spectrum. During the first quarter, fundraising activity of more than $1 billion within credit was driven by the $550 million final close of our second Financial Credit Investments fund, which is focused on insurance-related investing. This brings total fund commitments for this fund to more than $1.5 billion, nearly triple the size of our first fund that was raised just 2 years ago. Credit fundraising was also bolstered by commitments to several other credit funds totaling approximately $500 million in aggregate. Importantly, we remain active in deploying capital in a variety of differentiated credit investment opportunities. We provided several new disclosures within our press release this quarter, including dollars invested and uncalled commitments for our credit and real estate segments. These new disclosures highlight a particularly strong quarter for credit deployment among our drawdown-type funds as several funds, including EPF II, FCI II and COF III completed value-oriented opportunistic transactions. For historical context, from 2010 through 2013, the credit funds we managed deployed approximately $2.1 billion per year, on average. One transaction I wanted to highlight from the first quarter was EPF II's acquisition of a minority stake in Altamira, Banco Santander's real estate servicing and property management platform in Spain. This transaction is notable for a few reasons. First, it's illustrative of how our funds are positioned to capitalize on the significant opportunities to acquire attractive assets and businesses across Europe. Second, it demonstrates the unique benefits of our integrated model and how we can leverage the synergies that exist between our credit and real estate platforms. Turning now to real estate. We remain active in real estate debt. And during the first quarter, the funds we managed deployed approximately $400 million in first lien mortgage loans, mezzanine loans and CMBS. On the equity side, we remain opportunistic across property types and geographies. Approximately 70% of our U.S. private equity real estate funds' base capital is now committed. And in Europe, our joint venture with Ivanhoe Cambridge in prime residential has grown to more than $500 million of invested capital with the recent purchase of 2 multifamily assets. Additionally, our commercial mortgage REIT, ARI, just raised approximately $150 million of additional equity last week. With that, I'll turn the call over to Martin to discuss our financial results.
Martin Kelly: Thanks, Gary. And good morning, again, everyone. Starting with our cash distribution. The $0.84 per share that was declared for the first quarter includes our regular distribution of $0.15 plus $0.69 of other cash earnings. The additional amount above our regular distribution was primarily driven by carry and from the sale of equity and debt investments held by our funds. Turning to our Management Business. For the first quarter, Apollo's Management Business earned $152 million of ENI versus $113 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. The quarter-over-quarter increase was mainly driven by an increase in advisory and transaction fees, which were up $61 million, primarily due to a $28 million termination payment related to the EP Energy IPO, a $12 million transaction fee related to co-investments in connection with EPF II's acquisition of Altamira from Banco Santander, as well as an increase in the monitoring fee that we received from Athene, which I'll discuss further in a moment. Turning to expenses. First quarter compensation costs were sequentially higher, primarily due to a noncash expense of $45.6 million in connection with the accelerated vesting on equity-based compensation related to our former President. This equity amortization expense was allocated across segments with $18 million of private equity, $23 million of credit and $4.5 million in real estate. In total, the onetime expense amounted to $0.11 of pretax ENI during the quarter. Nearly offsetting the increase in compensation costs was a $40 million decline in non-compensation costs, which was primarily driven by a particularly light quarter of fund formation costs following an elevated level in the fourth quarter. Going forward, we will continue to strategically invest in the business by adding talent and capabilities to facilitate additional growth. And as we achieve an increasing amount of scale, we expect our margins to benefit over time. Turning to our Incentive Business. In terms of the performance of our private equity funds, our private equity portfolio appreciated by approximately 2% during the first quarter, which was driven by 3% appreciation in publicly traded portfolio holdings and 1% appreciation in private holdings. This performance follows a strong fourth quarter, which saw the portfolio appreciate by 9% and a particularly strong 2013, which saw the portfolio appreciate by 49%. Regarding portfolio company performance, the aggregate revenues for the Funds VI and VII portfolio companies were up 4.5% for the rolling 12-month period ending March 31, 2014, compared to the 12-month period ending December 31, 2013, while EBITDA was up by an estimated 1% over the same period. Looking at the year-over-year comparison, aggregate revenues were up 4.3% for the 12-month period ending March 31, 2014, compared to the 12-month period ending March 31, 2013, while EBITDA was up by 2.4% over the same year-on-year comparison. You may have noticed that our profit sharing expense ratios within the Incentive Business were elevated in the first quarter. This is driven by 3 items. First, as we have noted in prior quarters, there was a discretionary incentive pool compensation accrual in the quarter of approximately $12 million within the Incentive Business. As a reminder, this incentive pool is separate from the fund level profit sharing and serves to incentivize certain partners and employees. The incentive pool tends to be more stable in nature and does not fluctuate with the level of unrealized carry in a given period, but rather is based on the carry performance of the business on a realized basis. So in periods like the first quarter where portfolio performance is more muted, particularly in PE, the incentive pool accrual within the overall profit share ratios is more pronounced. The second driver relates to nuances around which funds drive carry earnings in any given quarter. In our PE segment, while our long-term blended profit share rate can be in the 40% to 45% range, excluding the incentive pool I just described, each fund has its own profit sharing percentage that may be above or below that range. During the first quarter, Fund VII appreciated while Fund VI depreciated, which contributed to the elevated profit share ratio. The third driver relates to a modification in our approach towards incentive compensation within our credit segment. We are more closely aligning total compensation for investment professionals with the profitability of the credit business as a whole rather than on a fund-by-fund basis. The result of this change created a $16 million catch-up in our first quarter results. Going forward, we expect the profit share ratio in our credit segment to be close to our private equity business. Moving on to taxes. Our first quarter effective tax rate on ENI was 19%. Recall that our ENI tax provision calculation assumes full share conversion and reflects the relative earnings contribution of our management and incentive businesses, which continues to evolve with the growth of our fund. Additionally, we made a revision to the calculation of our income tax provision during the first quarter, which also resulted in modest revisions to prior periods. Next, I'd like to provide some additional information on Athene's impact on our results this quarter. First, the percentage of Athene-related assets invested in Apollo-managed funds was approximately 17% as of March 31, 2014, which is slightly higher than December 31. As we've stated previously, we expect this percentage to increase gradually over time, provided that we continue to perform well in providing asset management services to Athene and also identifying appropriate and attractive opportunities to redeploy their investment portfolio. Next, Apollo has been receiving and will continue to receive payment of monitoring fees on a quarterly basis through the end of 2014. For the first quarter, this fee was $59 million, which included a $7 million catch-up that is not expected to reoccur. As a reminder, while this fee is additive to ENI, it is currently being accrued as a noncash item. Subsequent to quarter end, following the close of Athene's private placement, a portion of Apollo's accrued interest in Athene, which primarily related to the quarterly CNS fee that we had accumulated through year end, was settled in shares of Athene. Including the CNS fee we earned in the first quarter, we now have approximately $200 million of additional investment value on our balance sheet, which is not yet included in the $557 million of balance sheet investments highlighted in our press release. Note that this amount excludes the $121 million AAA gross carry receivable at March 31 that we expect to be paid in shares of Athene at a future date. As it relates to the expected CNS fee for the remainder of the year, this fee will be settled in additional shares of Athene based on its valuation at the end of each quarter in arrears, and will appear as incremental value on our balance sheet. One final note. As Gary alluded to earlier, we added several new disclosures in our press release this quarter, including carry-eligible AUM and carry-generating AUM, among others. We hope that you'll find the presentation of these additional metrics helpful as we continue to evaluate our business. With that, we'll turn the call back to the operator, and open up the line for any of your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mike Carrier of Bank of America.
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Martin, maybe first question for you. Just when we think about the distribution outlook, and I think the base of the question is more given the shift in the credit business and how significant that business is versus, say, 1 or 2 years ago. But when we look at the capital that's in the ground, the distribution or the exit activity, is there some sense or some way, when you look at the fee earnings or the investment income and then the portion of incentive income that's being driven by interest dividends, that you can look at it as somewhat like a core run rate, assuming a fairly decent backdrop versus maybe what we experienced last year, where a lot of it was being driven by private equity, and as that moderates, just the shift in credit and what can mean for the distribution outlook?
Martin Kelly: Sure. So the growth in credit is driving both an increase in -- we expect it to continue to drive an increase in both the management fee earnings as well as the incentive company. And so, within credit, there's different components. The yield-oriented funds should generate stable and steady management fees, which will drive up the management fee cash earnings and distribution. And then, the drawdown funds, or the promote funds within credit, which are focused on the European distressed credit opportunities, the insurance business and others, will be a little similar to PE in that they'll be episodic, but over the longer term, they'll increase. So the way we think about it is, with rising credit, it drives both. But we need to look at the segments within credit to really think that through.
Gary M. Stein: Yes. Mike, I would just add. If you look on Page 19 of the press release where we break out the carry receivable, you can see the credit funds broken down by strategy. And it's interesting to note that the carry this quarter was pretty evenly spread across the 5 different strategies we break out here with strong realized carry coming out of non-performing loans as we harvest out of the first non-performing loan fund, but also saw strong realizations out of the performing credit bucket as well. So I think you're seeing the carry spread across the various segments in credit, as Martin noted.
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then, maybe just as a follow-up. Leon, thanks for some of the color on what you guys are seeing in the market. I think the one challenge that I think a lot of people have right now is when you look at the credit business -- and this is not just for you guys, but for the industry, there's a lot of structural trends that are like pushing money in that direction, whether it's allocation shifts, demand for yield. But on the flip side, you guys have said, and others have said it, that the market is still relatively frothy. So I think when we look at the overall credit business, and you look at, like the products or the assets where you can go after some of those opportunities that are more niche-y that you mentioned versus areas that you might be holding back and waiting for more distressed opportunities, just wanted to get a sense of what is that mix where you can be active in the current backdrop, but there's obviously going to be a pool that you can be more active when you get better opportunities?
Leon D. Black: Yes. Look, I think that going back to when we began Apollo 24 years ago, we've tried to create a nexus between our PE and our credit businesses, and we've done it on a basis of being value-oriented. What does that mean? It means we like to buy good assets, good companies, good securities at a very good risk/reward. In PE, we've been able to do that by developing multiple pathways to stay disciplined about value and not be in the mix of where most of our peers are, which is paying a 9.5x EBITDA multiple. We created our funds at 2 or 3 multiples lower by creating multiple pathways. And those pathways have included playing cycles well, during economic downturns, through distress. It's also been something we've done through preferring to deal with complexities, where others really aren't that involved, and it's less competitive, and we do a lot of corporate carve-out. And finally, even our buyout business is very idiosyncratic, whether it's Hostess' Twinkies or it's buying McGraw-Hill Education in a busted auction. Likewise, that's our approach in credit. When you look at the yields today for investment grade and how much there is a -- had been a flight to safety, and you look at where senior loan market has been, and you look at where the high-yield market has been, they're really at historic lows. And what we've tried to do in building our credit business, which is now over $100 billion, is to create, if you will, a Chinese menu of different products across the yield and liquidity spectrum. We don't want to give up safety. But by going more complex, by being more illiquid in a lot of different types of product, we think that we can generate a real premium to the investment grade, more liquid cycle. And that runs across a lot of what we're doing, whether it be everything we're doing in origination today, whether it be in the energy sector, in the health care sector. And it also has to do with a lot of our products like COF III, as you know, which goes into distress. It goes into leveraged loans. It goes into CLOs. What we're trying to do is find a lot of different products, which are still very safe, but where you can command real premiums in the high single digits for some, in the low teens for others, and even in some European and non-performing loans, even into the high teens. And as with private equity, our view has always been we don't have a crystal ball. We can't forecast what the future holds. The key is to have a model, an operating model and a spectrum of products and pathways to also risk/reward in our favor whether it's in private equity or it's in the credit spectrum. And that's what we've been doing.
Joshua J. Harris: Yes. So to hit it directly -- it's Josh Harris. The overvaluation of the market that you're talking about is really in liquid-rated underwritten product. So we're tending to gravitate much more towards illiquid, unrated, directly-originated product. The other thing I would say is that Europe -- there's a lot going on in Europe, and there's some diamonds in the rough in Europe. And so, Europe tends to be lumped together in some cases. We're also finding value Europe. So that's the way I would characterize it more broadly. There's still -- even though the market is broadly overvalued because of the excess liquidity, if you're able to sort of deal with complexity and aggravation, as Leon mentioned, you can kind of find some good value in there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Marc Irizarry of Goldman Sachs.
Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. Just, Leon, just on the same theme of complexity and aggravation, and I guess carve-outs, how do you see the M&A landscape shaping up, particularly for putting out capital from your private equity fund in the U.S.? Do you expect that we should see some more M&A activity from U.S. corporations and maybe carve-outs sort of a complement to that activity? Is that something historically that you've seen, and then maybe you'd expect going forward?
Leon D. Black: I believe that it's challenging today and less than robust in terms of traditional PE. I mean, mostly, that's because of easy money that's out there, historically low rates, back to one of the highest levels of covenant-light on the lending side. And this has really tended to keep valuations very high for traditional or competitive auction product. It's because of this that I'm very, I guess, happy that we've developed the operating model we have and that our team is used to having to look elsewhere in terms of what they're doing. If you look at the 3 deals we've done this year, which aggregate about $1 billion that we've put out, between a gaming, American Gaming, between -- I never get it right, it's Caelus or Caelus Energy in Alaska -- Caelus or Chuck E. Cheese, we've been able to find things that are in the 6 and 7 EBITDA multiple. We have a lot of other things in our pipeline in those same ranges, and we're tending to stay away from the more competitive products out there because it is quite high right now, in general. And the last thing I'd say is that there are areas, as I mentioned in the prepared talk, that maybe Josh can speak to also, in the consumer areas, especially, and in energy, whether it be upstream or downstream or midstream opportunities. And finally, in the financial sector where the delevering, massive delevering, still goes on in Europe. And there are opportunities here that's come out of that. Those are areas that are still pretty fertile. I don't know, Josh, do you have anything to add?
Joshua J. Harris: No. I was just going to add that in terms of corporate M&A, which I think you asked about, corporate profit margins are recovering. They're, at this point, 10%. M&A is recovering. It's certainly below the peaks than where it was. And so, you are seeing kind of a recovery in M&A, although it's not looming. So I mean, what you've got going on is that corporations are delevered. They're earning money. The monetary authorities have signaled that they are prepared to continue to put a lot of liquidity into the market, and growth is picking up, and people are feeling pretty good. So that's -- this is the part of the cycle where -- and the corporate M&A picks up. I don't think that -- I think corporate carve-out tends to be 20% or 25% of our business, or 15% to 25% of our business year in and year out. And so, I don't know that the fact that corporations are buying more companies is going to really lead to -- that just tends to be the ebb and flow of corporate carve-out. So it's like a great robust environment for corporate M&A. That's not always as good for leveraged buyouts because of the easy money environment we've got today. That tends to impact leveraged buyouts a lot more expeditiously, a lot more strongly.
Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, this question kind of for Martin, but also just philosophically the -- just in terms of the profit share, I guess if we look at Fund VIII and think about, I guess, the philosophy for profit sharing, I mean, is this -- should we be thinking for current funds and in the future, more sort of equity-based compensation or compensation that reflects more sort of overall profitability rather than more direct interest, if you will, in individual funds or strategies?
Martin Kelly: Yes -- so yes. Yes on both those questions, Marc. I think for Fund VIII the construct is to align the individuals with the performance of the fund overall, not just investor stock. There's a similar construct in the new credit plan that I mentioned. So we think that, that aligns shareholders, employees and the fund together in the most appropriate manner.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Katz of Citigroup.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I'm still curious, I guess, yesterday or a day or so ago, the SEC's Office of Compliance gave, what I would argue, was a relatively scathing review of some examinations they've been doing over the last couple years for the private equity business. I was just wondering if you -- they seem to take each line item to task. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the regulatory landscape and how Apollo might be positioned, and what kind of risks or opportunities that might be associated with that?
Martin Kelly: Bill, it's Martin. Let me start that. Firstly, on the SEC review, before I move on to the other question, our understanding of the primary issue there is that it's a question of transparency of fees and expenses to our investors, rather than the practice itself. We are committed to providing our investors with complete transparency. And we believe that our disclosures and our communications with our LPs represents best practice in the industry. And we're not concerned about it. Few things I'd note. One is we have been a registered advisor since 2007. And on the fee side, we meet frequently with the advisory boards of the funds that we manage, comprised of ERPs, and provide detailed information. And then, we have a robust process for looking at expense allocations and approving that internally. In terms of the comment around valuations, I'm not sure what exactly that's getting at, but we have an established valuation process and committee structure, and we validate that valuation externally. And ultimately, all compensation that's paid out of the incentive company is paid on a realized cash basis versus a mark-to-market basis. So that, I think, addresses the SEC comments in the last couple of days. More broadly, we welcome regulation for the reason that we think it differentiates the larger established funds with a solid infrastructure and governance from others that don't. And on the opportunity side, business side, it opens up the opportunities for us to grow our business where others are stepping back.
Joshua J. Harris: Yes. I mean, to fill in where -- it's Josh. To fill in -- I mean, obviously the massive regulation of the banking sector is, in essence, creating significant opportunity in credit for firms like Apollo and its institutional clients to step in, in many of the illiquid areas, non-rated areas directly originated areas. And so, that regulatory climate, as the backdrop, is facilitating a lot of the growth in credit right now and leaving a void. And it's a void that we're comfortable stepping into. I think, it also has the benefit, systematically, of spreading risk out. And so, I think that's something that is recognized by the regulators as well. So I think that's the genesis of probably the biggest opportunity we have across our platform.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, it's helpful. And this is a sort of follow-up, just looking at the math. The realization story still seems to be quite good, which is putting some downward pressure on fee-paying AUM and then your asset gatherings. It's being tough to sort of comp up against the Fund VIII. So as you look at over the next 12 to 24 months, what's going to be the key to get the fund -- fee-paying AUM growing again?
Joshua J. Harris: Credit, credit, credit. I mean, I think the big opportunity we have is that our institutional clients really are starting to recognize that the investment-grade markets, the high-yield markets, the tradable markets, the government markets, the mortgage markets are basically overvalued. And that the illiquid, more idiosyncratic, non-rated, directly-originated markets that we're playing in are providing the best risk/return. The equity markets are aggressively priced. The private equity markets are very aggressively priced, and the credit markets are very aggressively priced, the traded credit markets. So if you're a pension fund, if you're a sovereign wealth fund, if you're a high net worth individual, you're looking for a place to hide in what is otherwise an overvalued environment. And sort of illiquid, opportunistic credit is really the, in my opinion, the best opportunity in the world right now. And so, that -- there's a lot of money. Once you start to look at -- once institutions start looking at their fixed income buckets, the -- which are 4 to 5 -- 4 to 6x the size of their alternative buckets, and then begin to move those buckets down to move into alternative credit, we have enormous growth opportunity. And so, I do feel very optimistic that we'll be able to raise a lot of capital going forward in the next few years. Clearly, comping up against an $18.5 billion fund, that's a great number, and you're right.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Harris of Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: First question just kind of a big picture question for you. If you think about where the business is today, and it's obviously evolved quite dramatically over the last 10 years. But if you look at it and you kind of think about the market environment and maybe what some of the peers might be doing, are there any capabilities or strategies that you guys kind of look at that say, hey, maybe that's something that Apollo should get into in a bigger way or we should perhaps enter that area? And how do you think whether -- how you are positioned relative to competition really influences any of that thinking at all?
Leon D. Black: Sure. Look, right now, and actually since the early '90s, we've been in 3 businesses. We've been in PE, we've been in credit, and we've been in real estate, and we've really stuck to our knitting over 24 years in those areas. If I were to assess them, I'd say we're best-in-class today in private equity. We've kind of delivered returns that are twice the top quartile pretty consistently, and I think we have a differentiated story there. And we have a big new fund. But I don't think that that's terribly scalable. I do think it's going to continue to be highly profitable. If you look at Fund VI, the remainder of it is 70% public in terms of the portfolio makeup. And if you look at Fund VII, it's over 60% already in public position. So you'll see continued realizations there as long as the public markets continue to cooperate. And we'll be receiving with $18 billion of new capital. Frankly, the challenge there will be a to stay best-in-class. Then you look at credit. And again, this is kind of been in our DNA going back to all the founders' roots from Drexel, from when we started with Credit Lyonnais, managing a high-yield portfolio for them, doing distressed, managing senior loans. And we fast-forward today, and that's over $100 billion of AUM with a dozen different products now that we're managing. I guess our partners here -- as we've put a better and better and stronger team in place and we look at the world, and we look at the secular changes that have gone on which, frankly, have really all been in our favor, we don't see any reason why that can't be a large multiple, frankly, of where we are today, at $100 billion. And clearly, that's through all the different products we've been developing, the teams we've put together, the needs of, as Josh pointed out, the pension fund world, the need for returns and yields, our strategic alliance with Athene, all of that is extremely promising. And then, we look at real estate, and I'd say that that's an area we also see an awful lot of promise. I look at what our brethren at Blackstone have accomplished, my hat is off to them. We'd be happy to be a young cousin to them, and we think there is the opportunity to do that. So we think that given the strength and team and strategy we have in private equity, again the team, the secular trends and the scale of opportunity in credit, and then some real upside in real estate going forward, we're very happy with where we're positioned today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Lee of KBW.
Anne Dai - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: This is Anne Dai, standing in for Rob Lee. I just have 2 quick questions on credit. So I was taking a look at the carry-eligible AUM versus carry-generating AUM disclosure that you guys provided and thank you for that, it's very helpful. Would you be able to give some color on which funds make up the difference between carry-generating and carry-eligible AUM within that segment? And also, related to credit fundraising, just looking at your emerging markets debt platform, are there certain markets that look especially attractive in today's environment? And what do you think the size of the opportunity is there?
Martin Kelly: Well, Anne, let me address the first question. The difference between carry-eligible and carry-generating within credit itself is actually spread across a variety of funds. It includes EPF, but it also includes quite a number of other drawdown-style funds. And so, EPF is the largest piece of it, but there's many other [indiscernible] to that difference. Fund VIII is the obvious large difference between the 2 within PE. And then, in addition to that, there's $4 billion of dry powder in funds that are already in carry, but that dry powder has the potential to become carry-generated at some point.
Joshua J. Harris: In terms of emerging markets, we're just getting started, but we've hired -- we've partnered with a highly skilled team. Emerging markets today are being severely impacted by the tapering that's going on here in the U.S. and particularly those markets that have been running current account deficits and budget deficits. But the market tends to paint these things with a broad brush and there are misvaluations going on. We're probably not going to speak specifically about which markets we're looking at, but we see it as a highly scalable opportunity where we have a great team and where it plays to our strength of unearthing opportunities where there's real volatility. And the market tends to paint with a broad brush macro versus micro with credit analysis.
Anne Dai - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Great. And just a really general follow-up on fundraising. Understood that a lot of the strength in fundraising is going to come from credit in the next -- in the short term. But is there a way to size the opportunities for fundraising in maybe the next year or so, just kind of relative to how strong the fundraising was in the last couple of years in the context of your strategic goals, and how much dry powder you have in current market demand?
Joshua J. Harris: Yes. We try not to give forward-looking estimates like that. So unfortunately, we have to politely decline.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski of Oppenheimer & Company.
Christoph M. Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Yes. At the outset, Leon highlighted 2 big overarching themes: energy and the changing financial services industry. And I wonder if you could flesh that out a bit more. And in particular, on the financial services, are you talking about buying assets out of financial institutions or buying whole businesses? And I guess, what I have in mind is, today, you see an announcement from Barclays that they're getting rid of $90 billion of RWAs from the -- from FICC and other detritus of their financial crisis, but they're also getting rid of their European retail business. I mean, would you be interested in either or both? Or is that the kind of thing you're thinking about?
Joshua J. Harris: Yes. We're not going to obviously comment on specific transactions, but the bottom line is it's all of the above. In other words, Gary talked earlier about a transaction we did with Santander, where we acquired their servicing platform, and that's clearly a business. And we've definitely acquired other consumer lending businesses from banks, particularly in Europe, in Spain, in Ireland, and then leverage those businesses to buy other loans. There's also a huge volume of both performing and non-performing loans coming out of the banks, particularly in Europe, again, relative to consumer receivables, relative to mortgage loans, relative to commercial loans, and so -- relative to shipping loans. And so, again, we're also acquiring loans. So the banks are -- they are trying -- we're trying to solve problems for the banking sector. And it's everything from reg cap trades to loans to businesses, and so the idea is to set up the capability to absorb whatever the banking sector needs you to buy. In order to do that, you need special expertise. You need servicing. You need the ability to analyze thousands of loans. And so, we're set up to absorb whatever is needed. And we are going to look at everything that comes out, and clearly we have very good relationships with the banking sector. In terms of the energy sector, particularly here in the U.S., the U.S. shale renaissance has created literally over a $2 trillion capital need here in the U.S. where there are very high IRR, return on assets, ability and there's just not enough capital and expertise to be able to exploit it in the short term. And if you think about the S&P energy sector, it's less than $2 trillion, the entire market cap of that sector. And so, even for companies that are as large as the integrated oil companies, they're having to not pursue IRR opportunities as great as 25% or 30% because they just got too much other capital need at higher return. And so, the crumbs that are falling off that table in the upstream energy sector here in North America, as the U.S. goes -- as the U.S. and Canada go from being higher cost producers of gas to the lowest cost in the world, where literally you're competing with people like Qatar and Saudi Arabia; and in oil, you're going from very, very high cost to the middle, that's creating an enormous opportunity. And PE -- those PE firms that have set themselves up with teams of scientists, landmen, reserve engineers for the petroleum experts all over the continent, are going to be able take advantage of that opportunity and put a lot of capital to work. And Apollo is very well positioned relative to the expertise we've built up and relative to the size of that opportunity and our ability to take down big opportunities and exploit that. And then, also is the case in terms of lending. There's also a big need for mezzanine debt. In many cases, the midsized oil companies are not able to access the high-yield market because it's very complicated to figure out what their reserves are worth. And so, we can use that same expertise to build a lending business where we can get actually quite nice returns. And so, that is a very large sector where there appears to be a good value even though the overall market is overvalued, as we talked about earlier.
Christoph M. Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: And just as a follow-up, on the financial services side, could one, in theory, buy a whole bank in a private equity fund? Or does that automatically make you a bank holding company, which I assume would be undesirable?
Joshua J. Harris: Yes, you have to structure it. Your ownership has to be below certain levels. And so, you couldn't -- you probably wouldn't acquire 100% of the equity of a bank. You probably want to keep it below certain levels to not be a bank holding company.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan of JMP Securities.
Devin P. Ryan - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Most of my questions have already been asked and answered. But just with respect to the managed account mandates, appreciate the color there. I'd love to just get a little bit of insight around the backlog. I know the mandates can be lumpy, but just if you could characterize the level of conversations there and any other trends, is there any difference between demand for pension funds or sovereign wealth, or is it broad-based? Just some additional color would be helpful.
Martin Kelly: Yes. So I mean, the color is there is a significant pipeline, and it comes back to the earlier macro trends we've talked about, which is those very large institutions, and in some cases they are pension funds, and in some cases they are sovereign wealth funds, we think the largest institutions in the world are waking up and saying that there's just better risk/return in alternative credit, opportunistic credit, illiquid credit, non-rated credit. And they each -- in cases of very large institutional clients, they're prepared to give you enough capital so that you'll work with them to customize the account from a risk perspective, from a geography perspective, liquid versus illiquid. And so, we are seeing that -- the opportunity play out both in co-mingled funds because in some cases institutions want other investors with them, as well as in the case of managed accounts. And so, it's just another way of facilitating your clients' access to these opportunities which are -- appear to be well-priced relative to other forms of credit and even equity. And so, I would say that the backlog is robust, both in terms of the managed account side, as well as the co-mingled funds side. The managed accounts tend to be larger. I mean, Gary mentioned $400 million one, a $500 million one. That's probably -- if you get too much below that, it becomes real hard for us to make it economic, but we're so much prepared to do that plus, we'll work with them to customize.
Devin P. Ryan - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then, just with respect to the IPO window, which obviously it's been a little bit shaky here in recent weeks. And I know that every investment that you have is a bit unique. But as you're thinking about the pace of realizations, is that concerning you at all? Or do you just think that activity is simply just shifts to the M&A market, assuming M&A remains active here? Just trying to think about how realizations could flow from here and some of the moving parts there, particularly with the IPO window getting a little bit more challenged.
Joshua J. Harris: Yes. I would say, look, there's no question that the IPO market getting challenging does affect realizations. Now having said that, as Leon mentioned, a large part of our portfolio is already public. And so, therefore, it becomes a matter of -- that's less a focus of the IPO market and more, obviously, the broad equity market. When the broad equity market starts to trend down, that's certainly going to affect returns and valuation and your willingness to sell. Our general view is -- and certainly, the IPO market does limit your ability to take companies public, and that will affect realizations. I think you should be careful not to get caught up on weekly or monthly fluctuation. So I think we're looking at this more broadly, and you have to ask yourself is -- yes, I think, you have to ask yourself more broadly, when is the liquidity going to start to come out of the system? Speaking -- I mean, I think we see that continuing for 12 to 20 -- for a period of time. So we don't -- I don't think we believe that the realization cycle is shutting down or anything. I think it's just maybe not as robust as it was last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington of JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Credit, credit, credit. So that's where the growth is coming from. I guess, what's the road map there? Is it about slicing and dicing more finely and launching more focused products? Or is it more about what you've done in private equity since your inception of just raising bigger and bigger and bigger, newer vintage funds and that really drives the growth? And then, really what's the risk? It seems like the demand is there. Is it really the investment opportunities where the risk to success lies?
Joshua J. Harris: Yes. So in terms of the slicing and dicing, I mean, I'd say that the -- again, there's a broad macro opportunity for alternative managers and credit managers and their clients to step in the shoes of the receiving banking sector as it gets smaller. I think that that's going to play out. There are going to be more -- there are more products in credit than in private equity. So for sure, credit is a lot more nuanced. There's many, many more products. And having said that -- and clients want to access it differently. Some clients are more interested in more idiosyncratic opportunities. Other clients are more interested in yield. And so, you have to be willing to offer clients the ability to play the market as they wish. Having said that, we continue to think that being able to be opportunistic and move in and out of different sectors is where we can really shine the best. And we do explain that to our clients. Some of them want them, some of them don't. But our broad footprint, our broad global footprint, our broad ability to think through all kinds of different credit, whether it be senior debt, mezzanine debt, distressed, bank debt, allows us to move quickly and, in essence, move where the market is providing the best opportunity. And so, I think many, many clients buy that. And so, we are seeing -- these go anywhere. The most is -- the most high -- the most of our growth is in these go-anywhere credit products, which allow us to do what we do best, which is to maneuver around what the market is allowing in terms of risk/return. In terms of the risk in credit, I think the risk for us as an organization -- I think we're very well positioned with the rightful brand, the right expertise and the right investment culture and the right client base. I think the risk is just execution. We need to keep our discipline. We need to keep doing what we're doing. There's more growth. For us, our ability to grow is limited not by our ability to get money. Our ability to grow is limited by our ability to execute and achieve good returns for our clients. So we need to keep focused on risk/return and doing -- and putting in and making good investments. And that is a daily -- every day we come to work and think about that.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached our allotted time for questions. Our final question will come from Patrick Davitt of Autonomous.
M. Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Research LLP: On the strategic accounts, obviously, it's gotten to be a larger portion of your AUM and probably will continue to be. Could you talk a little bit about the mechanics of that? Does having such a customized account create a need for more professionals per dollar of AUM? Or is it more about as deals come through your current strategies, if it makes sense for a certain account, it just gets a piece of it?
Joshua J. Harris: Yes. I don't think -- I mean, there is -- certainly, there is some complexity in structure in these things in terms of different allocation methodologies and geographies. But once you've done a bunch of these, they become relatively -- there's only so many things you're going to have to tackle. And so, I don't -- I think that -- I wouldn't worry about adding, like, too many added professionals to be able to manage this. I mean, I think our business is generally complex and -- but I think our platform is well situated to handle it. So that's the way that I would answer it. I forgot the other part of your question.
M. Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Research LLP: I think that answers it. I guess, the other part really was, so in a lot of cases, I would imagine that you have your strategies, you have your professionals in those strategies. And as they source deals, if a deal makes sense for a certain account, they make a piece of that deal, even if it wasn't being sourced particularly for one account.
Joshua J. Harris: Exactly. We're very careful about allocation, policies. We've spent a lot of time on it. And clearly, if there are overlapping mandates, it's allocated appropriately and quantitatively and objectively based on a process that is very transparent to our investors. And it's an issue, obviously, that investors want to hear about, and we explain it very carefully and follow a process.
M. Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Research LLP: Great. And then, just finally, you mentioned a couple of realizations that closed post 1Q. And as you have in the past, can you kind of give us an update of where the booked realizations per share are at this point?
Martin Kelly: Sure, Patrick. The amount is $0.11 per share from both those transactions that we highlighted in the prepared remarks.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Gary Stein for any closing or additional remarks.
Gary M. Stein: Great, thanks. On behalf of everybody here at Apollo, thanks very much for joining the call today. And as we said earlier, if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to follow up with Noah Gunn or myself. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's Apollo Global Management's 2014 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary M. Stein - Head of Corporate Communications Marc Adam Spilker - President and Member of Executive Committee Martin Kelly - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Brennan Hawken - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Christian Bolu Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division M. Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Research LLP Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Management's 2013 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications.
Gary M. Stein: Thanks, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me today from Apollo are Marc Spilker, President; and Martin Kelly, Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this morning, Apollo reported non-GAAP, after-tax economic net income of $1.06 and $4.80 per share for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2013, compared to $1.69 and $3.82 per share for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2012. We also declared a cash distribution of $1.08 per share for the fourth quarter of 2013, bringing the total for 2013 to $3.98 per share. Later on the call, we'll discuss the composition of the fourth quarter's cash distribution. For U.S. GAAP purposes, we reported net income attributable to Apollo Global Management of $159 million and $659 million for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2013, compared to $172 million and $311 million for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2012, respectively. Today's conference call may include forward-looking statements and projections, and we ask that you refer to our most recent filings with the SEC for important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements and projections. We don't undertake to update our forward-looking statements or projections unless required by law. We will also be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call such as economic net income and after-tax economic net income per share, which are reconciled to our GAAP net income or loss attributable to Class A shareholders and GAAP weighted average Class A shares outstanding. These reconciliations are included in our fourth quarter earnings press release, a copy of which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website. Please also refer to our most recent Form 10-K that was filed with the SEC for additional information on non-GAAP measures and risk factors relating to our business. This conference call is copyrighted property and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without our consent. If you have any questions about any information in the release or on this call, please feel free to follow up with me or Noah Gunn after the call. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Mark Spilker, President of Apollo Global Management.
Marc Adam Spilker: Thanks, Gary, and good morning, everyone. The fourth quarter concluded an outstanding year for Apollo as our financial results for 2013 reflect the strength of our globally integrated and diversified investment platform that we continue to grow. I'd like to take a few minutes to highlight some significant achievements over the past year in areas such as realizations, AUM growth, investment performance, fundraising and our management business. Our funds returned $23 billion of capital and realized profits to our limited partners during the year, which drove $3.98 of cash distributions per share for our shareholders. This brings total cash distributions paid out to our shareholders to more than $7 per share since our initial public offering in 2011. Our cash distributions in 2013 were driven by robust activity in the public markets where portfolio companies of our funds completed 23 secondary or block transactions, as well as 9 IPOs. Our AUM increased 42% since the end of 2012 and now stands at approximately $161 billion despite heightened realization activity. This growth was driven by the combination of 3 important factors: strong investment performance, robust fundraising and the continued expansion of our credit franchise, including growth at Athene. On performance, the fair value of the PE portfolio of the funds we manage was up 49% in 2013 compared to a 30% increase in the S&P during the same period. This strong performance during 2013 bolstered our long-term track record at a 39% gross and 26% net IRR in private equity since Apollo's inception. On fundraising, we raised $22 billion of new investor capital, driven by our limited partners' strong support of Fund VIII which raised $17.5 billion, and I'll provide additional details on this shortly. We were also successful in raising capital among another strategic -- strategies across our credit and real estate businesses. On Athene, it's recently completed acquisition of Aviva USA in October transformed the company into a leading fixed annuity provider in the U.S. and added $44 billion of fee-paying AUM to the Apollo credit platform, helping to further solidify our mutually beneficial long-term relationship. Our 2013 financial results highlight a positive dynamic that we discussed previously, which is the growing earnings contribution from our management business to Apollo's overall earnings profile. Although Athene may be the most visible driver of this evolution, it's just one example of how we are leveraging our integrated platform and scale to create value for our investors by growing consistent cash-generative businesses. To illustrate this point, from a top line perspective, in 2011, year of our IPO, we generated $490 million of management fee revenues, and this total has grown to nearly $731 million in 2013, an increase of 50%. In terms of profitability, in 2011, we reported $76 million of pretax ENI or approximately $0.21 per share of earnings from our management business. Our management business earnings have increased fourfold since then to $331 million or $0.84 per share in 2013. Importantly, this growth is not just a function of rising AUM. It also reflects the scalability of our integrated global platform and our ongoing commitment to expand the margins of our management business. Before discussing the highlights of each of our businesses, I'd like to spend a moment on our current flagship private equity fund, Fund VIII, and provide you with some color around this very successful fundraise. We held the final close for Fund VIII on December 31. In total, Fund VIII closed with $17.5 billion on third-party commitments, plus an additional $880 million from Apollo and affiliated investors. We believe the success of Fund VIII reflects the powerful secular trends paving our industry, including increasing allocations to alternatives and the consolidation of GPE relationships among branded scale players with outstanding long-term track records such as Apollo. A few key statistics regarding the composition of Fund VIII investor base include the following: Investors representing over 90% of Fund VII's capital made commitments to Fund VIII. Almost 25% of Fund VIII third-party commitments representing more than $4 billion of capital came from investors that are new with Apollo. Today, including the nearly 300 LPs invested in Fund VIII, we invest on behalf of more than 800 LPs across the investment products we manage. Given our efforts to provide broad-based investment solutions for all of our LPs, approximately 7% of Fund VIII third-party commitments representing more than $1 billion of capital came from existing investors that had not previously invested in our private equity funds. The composition of Fund VIII also reflects the expanding geographic footprint of our LP base. By way of example, in Fund V, our 2001 vintage fund, approximately 22% of the capital was committed by non-U.S. LPs. For Fund VIII, 55% of the $17.5 billion in third-party capital raised came from non-U.S. LPs. This is a significant milestone for our franchise and evidence of the strength of the Apollo brand and reputation with the global -- within the global investment community. Now I'd like to provide you with a few quick highlights across our businesses, starting with private equity. Our private equity funds maintained a strong pace of realization activity in the fourth quarter, which resulted in aggregate distributions of $3.8 billion of capital to our fund investors. In the process, we earned nearly $500 million of realized carry and private equity, which was the primary driver of our $1.08 cash distribution this quarter. Specifically, these realizations were driven by numerous transactions, including secondary and/or block shares of our funds remaining interest in Lyondell, EVERTEC and Countrywide; as well as some of our fund interests in Sprouts Farmers Market, Norwegian Cruise Lines and Taminco. Additionally, the sale of CKE Restaurants closed. At the end of 2013, 56% of the $23 billion of fair value in the private equity portfolio we manage was held in publicly traded securities, leaving our funds well positioned for continued realizations as windows of opportunity present themselves. Regarding deployment -- capital deployment within our private equity funds, activity picked up in the fourth quarter from the low levels seen in the second and third quarters. This activity was driven by a number of investments, including the previously announced corporate carve-out with Pitney Bowes, which is now referred to as Novitex Enterprise Solutions; American Gaming Systems, a leading designer and manufacturer of gaming machines; and follow-on investments in several existing situations, including the season's acquisition code transaction. Importantly, our transaction pipeline appears to be steadily building as we seek to identify value-oriented, idiosyncratic investment opportunities. In the current environment where valuations remain relatively high, we will continue to be disciplined and patient in deploying our funds long-dated, locked-up capital. While 2013 was a lighter year for investment activity, as we have discussed before, we still expect our long-term deployment average to be in the range of $3 billion to $4 billion per year. We take a long-term view towards capital deployment, which is measured in multiple years rather than in quarters, and we remain confident that we will identify ample opportunities for our funds to make attractive investments. Now turning to our credit business. We crossed a significant milestone during the fourth quarter, ending 2013 with more than $100 billion of AUM in credit, which is comprised of $50 billion related to Athene, $22 billion in U.S. performing credit, nearly $13 billion in structured credit, $7 billion in opportunistic credit and nearly $9 billion in European credit strategies. Our credit franchise provides us with a powerful platform that enables us to offer our clients a broad range of unconstrained solutions to meet their needs across the risk returns spectrum. We manage an array of dedicated, long-term investment funds that have the flexibility to pursue idiosyncratic and complex opportunities in dislocated credit markets. Some examples of areas we're currently focusing on include energy mezzanine, insurance, oil and gas royalties, health care, shipping, aircraft leasing and emerging markets corporate debt. In addition, our marketing team continues to be engaged in dialogues with a number of clients around establishing strategic managed accounts, primarily focused on unconstrained credit. As we announced previously, during the fourth quarter, we closed on a $400 million strategic account with a sovereign wealth fund to invest in U.S. and European credit. Through these customized accounts, we are able to utilize Apollo's broad range of credit products to address our clients' investment objectives beyond traditional fixed income. We also remain active in deploying capital in a variety of differentiated credit investment opportunities. For example, during the fourth quarter, our second European Principal Finance Fund, which we refer to as EPF II, agreed to purchase a minority stake in Altamira, a real estate loan servicing and recovery arm of Banco Santander. We believe this transaction which closed last month further solidifies EPF II's investment present in Spain and Western Europe more broadly. Including Altamira, our funds have managed and made investments in loan servicing platforms in Europe, that in aggregate, employ more than 1,000 individuals. Clearly, we believe the restructuring of the financial services landscape in Europe is creating compelling investment opportunities, and we are in the early stages. Importantly, our funds are flexible buyers of assets with long-term committed capital, a strong brand and track record and significant servicing capabilities. For these reasons, we believe our funds are well positioned to capitalize on the significant opportunities to acquire attractive assets and businesses across Europe. Lastly, the breadth of our capabilities within the alternative credit is far-reaching, including the corporate securitization market where we continue to be one of the largest managers of CLOs in the United States. We remain active in this market through the issuance of new CLOs in U.S. and Europe, as well as through the refinancing of existing CLOs. In total, we priced nearly $4 billion of CLOs in 2013, including both new issue and refi activity. On real estate, we continue to build this business by leveraging Apollo's integrated platform and capitalizing on the synergies that exist with our credit activities and expertise. For example, our EPF funds deployed over $500 million of equity into European Commercial Real Estate transactions during the year that involved nonperforming loans, as well as investments that involved distressed or stressed properties. Within the boundaries of Real Estate segment itself, we remain active in real estate debt, with our funds deploying over $2.5 billion of capital in 2013, including $938 million in the fourth quarter that comprised firstly, mortgage loans, subordinate financing and CMBS. On the equity side, we remain opportunistic across property types and geographies with approximately 70% of AGRE U.S. funds base capital now committed. In summary, as we look back on 2013, we continued to execute on our strategic plan, and our financial results in the fourth quarter completed an outstanding year for Apollo. We continued our strong pace of realizations and announced distributions totaling $3.98 of cash per share. Our PE portfolio was up 49%. We successfully raised the largest fund in our history in Fund VIII and made strong investor demand, and we continue to benefit from growth in our credit business, including Athene. As we look ahead to the remainder of 2014 and beyond, we believe our growing and evolving integrated investment platform is well positioned to carry the firm forward. With that, I'll turn the call over to Martin for a few brief remarks.
Martin Kelly: Thanks, Marc, and good morning again, everyone. Today, I will briefly touch on a few details around the fourth quarter and 2013 financial results before we move onto your questions. Starting with our cash distribution, the $1.08 per share that was declared for the fourth quarter includes our new regular distribution of $0.15, plus $0.93 of other cash earnings. The additional amount above our regular distribution was primarily driven by carry from the sale of equity and debt investments held by our funds. Following numerous secondary transactions in the quarter, which Marc highlighted, I would like to provide you with some helpful data points for certain of our larger or newer public holdings as of the end of 2013. Fund VI held 45.4 million shares of Sprouts; Fund VI held 42.5 million shares of Norwegian Cruise Lines; and Fund VI also held 32.2 million shares of Taminco. Fund VII held 152.2 million shares of Nine Entertainment, which completed its IPO in December; and Fund VII also held 56.3 million shares of EP Energy, which completed its IPO in January. Based upon announced or settled transactions from our private equity funds since the beginning of January, including the secondary sales of Rexnord and Athlon shares, as well as the block sale of Constellium shares, we have realized approximately $0.32 per share of net realized carry so far in the first quarter. Turning now to the performance of our private equity funds. Portfolio company investments appreciated by 9% during the fourth quarter, which was driven by 14% appreciation in private portfolio holdings and 5% appreciation in publicly traded holdings, following a particularly strong third quarter. Regarding portfolio company performance, the aggregate revenues for the Fund VI and VII portfolio companies were up 1% for the rolling 12-month period ending December 31, 2013, compared to the 12-month period ending September 30, 2013, while EBITDA was up by an estimated 2.5% over the same period. Looking at the year-over-year comparison, aggregate revenues were roughly flat for the 12-month period ending December 31, 2013, compared to the 12-month period ending December 31, 2012, while EBITDA was up by an estimated 3% over the same year-over-year comparison. Moving on to our management business. For the full year 2013, Apollo's management business earned $331 million of ENI versus $223 million in 2012. For the fourth quarter, the management business earned $113 million of ENI versus $63 million in the third quarter of 2013. The quarter-over-quarter increase was driven by a variety of factors. On the revenue side, management fees were up by $67 million, driven by a rising contribution from our credit business due to Athene, which I'll discuss in a moment. The sequential increase in management fees was also driven by Fund VIII, which added an incremental $7.5 billion of fee-generating AUM in the period. The fourth quarter included approximately $6 million of catch-up fees earned from the beginning of the funds investment period on September 1 of last year that are not expected to recur. Next, advisory and transaction fees were up $26 million quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to an increase in the monitoring fee we received from Athene, which I'll discuss further, as well as modestly improving core transaction fees. Turning to expenses, fourth quarter compensation costs were sequentially lower, primarily due to year-end adjustments to discretionary compensation. However, lower compensation expenses were more than offset by higher non-compensation expenses during the fourth quarter. The increase in non-compensation expenses was driven by elevated fund formation costs, principally driven by Fund VIII, as well as incremental costs related to the growth of Athene Asset Management. Given the general onetime nature of fund formation costs, we do not currently expect the majority of the quarter-over-quarter increase in non-compensation costs to recur. Regarding taxes, our fourth quarter and full year 2013 ENI effective tax rates were 12% and 11%, respectively. Recall that our ENI tax provision calculation assumes full share conversion and reflects the relative earnings contribution of our management and incentive businesses, which continue to evolve with the growth of our firm, as Marc mentioned. Moving on, there was approximately $13 million of incentive compensation accrued in the incentive business for the fourth quarter, bringing the total for the full year to $62 million. You may have noticed prior period revisions to our compensation line items within our segment disclosure this quarter, which reflects adjustments to our incentive pool allocation method to more closely align the compensation with the businesses that generate incentive income. I'd now like to provide some additional information on Athene's impacts on our results this quarter. First, Athene's acquisition of Aviva USA added approximately $44 billion of incremental AUM to Apollo's Credit segment in the fourth quarter. Athene Asset Management is providing Athene with a wide range of asset management and other services for all of its assets for which it earns a gross fee of 40 basis points per annum. It is important to emphasize that this is a gross fee and that Apollo, including Athene Asset Management, assumes all costs associated with providing these services. Second, the percentage of Athene-related assets invested in Apollo managed assets was approximately 15% as of December 31, 2013. As we stated previously, we expect this percentage to increase gradually over time, provided that we continue to perform well in providing asset management services to Athene. Lastly, Apollo has been receiving and will continue to receive payment of monitoring fees on a quarterly basis through the end of 2014. This fee, which may be settled in cash or in equity shares of Athene at Athene's option, is currently expected to be settled in Athene equity upon Athene's completion of an IPO. For the fourth quarter, this fee was $44 million, effectively double the third quarter amount. As I mentioned on our last call, the calculation of this quarterly payment is dependent on the level of Athene statutory capital and surplus, which roughly doubled in size following the Aviva acquisition. As a reminder, while this fee is additive to ENI, it is currently being accrued as a noncash item. Before closing, I'd like to make a final comment related to our balance sheet. In December, subsidiaries of Apollo refinanced their long-term debt at a more attractive spread to LIBOR. And we simultaneously initiated a $500 million revolving credit facility, which remains undrawn today, to provide additional financial flexibility if needed. With that, we'll turn the call back to the operator and open up the line for any of your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Marc Irizarry with Goldman Sachs.
Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question on Fund VIII and just how we should think about capital deployment. You guys are -- over the course of history, have been able to sort of catch some disruptions or dislocations in credit and distressed opportunities within your funds. I'm curious when you're out there sort of talking to investors about Fund VIII, what are some of the themes? And do you need maybe a little bit more opportunities in distressed to start to put that money out for Fund VIII at a faster pace?
Marc Adam Spilker: Thanks, Marc, for the question. I think it's more -- it's broader than just the current environment the way it stands this quarter, which is if you look over the history of the firm, Marc, it's in down markets, the distressed environments, growth environments, that the firm's been able to find idiosyncratic opportunities and perform extremely well. And so LPs have great confidence in our ability to navigate the cycles and navigate the balance sheet. And the investment performance going way back has proven that out. And so -- and I think we've proven our ability to move the dial from distressed to opportunistic buyouts to corporate carve-outs. Clearly, in this environment, we're focused on corporate carve-outs but not limited to that. And so we'll continue to be very flexible and search for idiosyncratic opportunities in a very classic Apollo way. And I think that, that's what LPs are sort of thinking about when they trust us with their capital.
Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just, Marc, if you can give just a little more color on some of the attractive assets in Europe that you mentioned in terms of, I guess, businesses out there? How do you see your current lineup of what you have for your credit businesses, particularly now at Athene versus maybe the platforms that you can add over time? Are you sort of where -- there just still very attractive opportunities out there that can further augment the platform? Or do you have sort of what you need right now to really take advantage of the opportunities in Europe?
Marc Adam Spilker: We've been talking about this for a couple of years, and there had been and has been much debate over what the opportunities in Europe. And we continue to think that we are still in the early stages of a few things: One is the overall balance sheet leverage coming down in Europe; and secondly, the restructuring of the entire financial services landscape. And we think that this is creating really big, long-term secular opportunities for us. And so I -- on the one hand, I feel good about how much we have grown and the opportunities that we've taken advantage of, but I still continue to believe that we're still early stages of a very long-term opportunity that is going to create great opportunities for us to continue to buy assets and continue to buy businesses. And when you can execute well as we have, we are creating a reputation and a brand in Europe and local markets for being able to have the long-term capital, the team that could work through all the local market complexities and then a little bit behind the scenes. And we seem to mention it on almost every call that the servicing capabilities that we're building up in Europe is a huge competitive advantage, and it still seems, at least to me, that it's early stages for this opportunity that I think will create great opportunities and growth over the next bunch of years.
Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just 2 questions on just, I guess, the private equity fundraising. First, on the placement fees, I guess you noted that 22% of your investors were non-U.S. for Fund V and then Fund VIII, you're now up to 55% of investors are non-U.S. When you think about the placement fees and the sort of acquisition cost of going out and getting global investors, I mean, your re-up rates are high. I'm just curious, is there sort of leverage that you're getting with your scale around fundraising? Or has the mix shifts to more global investors, does that maybe pressure placement fees a little bit?
Marc Adam Spilker: Well, I don't -- I'm not sure what you're referring to on placement fees. The way I think about it is that what we've said over the last 3 years is that more and more of our LPs are wanting to do more investing with fewer firms. And what we have done is we've made a commitment to having a more solution-based marketing effort. We don't have a global marketing team. As you know, the demand for investment returns and financial returns is as high as it's ever been, and that's true everywhere globally. And so, because we have a global marketing effort, we have global relationships, we have a global footprint, we're just appealing to a broader range of LPs than we had 5 or 10 years ago. And so I think it really is evidence of the demand for what we do well, which is provide investment returns. And doing it on a global basis is opening up tremendous doors for us.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Mike Carrier with Bank of America.
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: First question, just on the growth outlook. I think when we look at 2013, pretty much across the board from an asset standpoint, whether it's in credit or private equity, it was a big year for Apollo. So Marc, I think you gave a lot of detail on what you can do on the LP side in terms of the increasing traction. I think on the product side, are there other products or even other segments that you guys aren't in that you think the dynamics in the industry are changing that make it more attractive? And then maybe on the Athene side, how to grow that business, just when you look out like in a year or 2?
Marc Adam Spilker: Yes, no, it is -- you asked a couple of really big questions there. One, which is Athene closed Aviva and you raised your largest fund in your history and that's all reflected in 2013. That's great, what's after that? I think that's a great question because it really goes to what's been built here over the last period of time, which is really based upon the fundamental, structural and secular changes going on in the marketplace. And so when you think about the credit business, for example, what we're looking to do is build businesses in areas where we believe that we have expertise where others, for one reason or another, may be abandoning and where our LP will find those returns attractive. And so when we check off the list of credit businesses that we're in today versus where we were 7, 8, 9 years ago, you could see that we've significantly grown the platform and still believe there are many opportunities for us to grow it significantly. And I think that we're just at the beginning of the structural shift that's taking place in the financial markets. And going back to what we said many times on previous calls that the structural shifts, the regulatory change, are making it more difficult for some to be in certain businesses, and our LPs' demand for financial returns in the portfolio has never been higher. So I feel like there is plenty of opportunity for growth. And then I'll highlight that we continue to see a trend towards strategic accounts across credit. And as the market likes to refer to it as go anywhere credit, and that is emerging as an important part of our platform and growth that I think we should all keep our eye on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Kelley with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I'm just curious, coming back to the distributions. As you think about where you are in the life cycle of some of your private equity funds versus some of your credit funds, do you think they were more likely to hit sort of a peak in distribution from private equity before credit, or do you think they'll follow a pretty similar path? Or any sort of lag between those 2 as you see kind of where you are in the harvesting cycle will be helpful.
Marc Adam Spilker: Yes, it's a very important question. What we continue to refer people to, because the question has always been where in the realization cycle, is that -- and I think I -- and I referred to it in my opening comments that there's $23 billion of fair value in the ground, and you could think about what kind of appreciation you want to put on that and what the average distribution per quarter. And you could see that there's plenty of room to go in terms of where we are in the realization cycle. Having said that, our portfolio is up 49% in 2013, and it's really hard to predict and forecast where the markets will go next year. And we had $3.98 per share in distributions. And again, I'm not predicting what it will be, but certainly, 2013 was a very, very good year and one that I think will be hard to repeat. But again, I don't know what the markets will do. And then on the deployment side, deployment has picked up, and we feel optimistic that we will be able to deploy our capital and ultimately down the line, put Fund VIII in a position that we've seen our prior funds. And then I'll just make one more comment which is given the diversity of the platform that we have in real estate and in credit and in PE and natural resources, that there are many sources of distributions I think that are going to be available over the next bunch of years.
Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then my follow-up is on your platform, products that you have, specifically on real estate. Obviously, you're kind of early in the formation of that platform, but you've done some nice things with your own organic funds and you have the city funds. Where do you think you can take that platform from here? Is there anything else outside of your current segment and Athene that you're thinking about could be additive to your platform? Or how do you think about that going forward, buy versus build as well?
Marc Adam Spilker: Yes, we continue to believe there's an opportunity in real estate. We're subscale relative to where we want to be. We acquired the city platform at the bottom of the crisis. It was an equity platform and that's been in runoff. And so we've had to replace all those assets, plus organic growth. And what we try to do over the last couple of years is make sure that we're executing our real estate strategy consistent the way we think about investment capital, which is nuanced, idiosyncratic, complex. And while we are growing our real estate private equity business, the real estate debt business has grown more quickly, and that's something that we feel that we have built great expertise in and see continued opportunities, as well as our integrated platform. And I mentioned in my remarks that on the one hand, we report our real estate segment, which is our dedicated real estate business. On the other hand, if you look through private equity and the rest of our credit businesses, including the EPF, that we do real estate and real estate-related investment there. And so I think of our real estate footprint as larger than what you see in the segment. And I think that, that will just continue to grow. And our team has grown and our expertise has grown, and it's becoming more global, particularly in Europe.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I guess the first one I have is you guys have clearly, for a while, talked about the opportunities in Europe, particularly in the credit space. And I'm just curious, I mean, unlike some of your peers who have books of a lot of energy on Asia and to knock them up as quite as much in conversations with you guys. So could you maybe update us on some of your initiatives there and kind of how you feel about your footprint in that marketplace?
Marc Adam Spilker: So you're asking specifically about Asia?
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Marc Adam Spilker: Yes, so Asia's always been -- they're, generally speaking, a challenge because as you know, we are valued-oriented, contrarian. And I know every market is slightly different but generally more growth-oriented. So it has made it more challenging. We divide Asia really into 2 businesses, which I think is apropos of our entire platform. One is as part of our global PE footprint, we have a team in Asia. And we highlight the Nine investment, and that's integrated into our global private equity franchise where we look for the best values anywhere in the world. And then the second piece, the second line of business really is we've brought the rest of it, we've brought the entire thing together in an integrated business, working as a team, looking for distressed, looking for idiosyncratic credit and real estate transactions. And we invest in Asia some as part of global portfolios and we have small funds dedicated to Asia, and we will grow that based upon the size of the opportunities that we see. And for now, we've seen much larger opportunities in the U.S., and we're seeing larger opportunities in Europe. But Asia is a place that we're going to continue to invest in.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: In terms of -- by the way, thank you for the color on both the Fund VIII and the reported date realizations. Very helpful. Just on the Fund VIII Marc, sort of curious. As you talk with clients, you mentioned you're seeing a rising allocation to global integrated platforms. Could you give us a sense of where the volume is coming from? Is it coming from other alternative managers? Is it coming from other generic products? And what's sort of the appetite on a go-forward basis?
Marc Adam Spilker: Thanks, Bill. I mean, again, this goes back to the structural shifts. I mean, I think within "PE", we've talked about a bifurcating industry where the larger scale, best performers are gaining more assets. And you probably know the statistics as well as I do, that many of the funds that haven't performed as well, their next -- their recent funds or fractions of what their prior funds were and the firms that have done better are raising funds that are equal to or greater than. So that's one element which is rational. The other element is that when you look at a typical asset allocation of a pension plan, the thing that we keep on saying is that if you look at where sovereign and government yields are, if you look at high-grade corporates, and if you look at agency securities, the yield on those and then the expected returns going forward over the next bunch of years, those do not seem like investments that will be accretive to a portfolio where your liabilities are growing at 7.5% or 8%. And so the trend -- people in the market generally referred to it as alternatives, and we tend to think of it more as unconstrained credit. So increasing allocations from the fixed income bucket towards unconstrained credit is one of the, I think, the biggest areas of growth. And I think that the 2 that highlight is where a lot of the growth is coming from.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then just maybe more of a modeling question, but as you consolidated the Athene, Aviva transaction, how do you think about asset growth for that particular line in 2014?
Marc Adam Spilker: Athene has put out a lot publicly, and you could take a look at that and put some kind of growth rate on that. And I don't know the answer to the question other than Athene has built a great platform. And I would assume that there's going to be growth, both organically and potential for inorganic growth. And so the AUM will scale proportionate with that. They run a very good business. They have a - they do have a sales force where they can dial up organic growth. And while it's hard to imagine the pace of M&A activity in that part of the industry being as robust as it has been the last 2 years, I don't think the reorganization of that business is completely finished. And so there are some potentials there. But it's too hard to predict. But the AUM growth would scale proportionate.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So just generally, are you guys seeing an increase in confidence from strategic buyers that could provide maybe another avenue to sell assets in that channel?
Marc Adam Spilker: It's a good question. I would say it seems like that confidence has sort of come and gone over the cycle of the market over the past couple of years. I mean, you would imagine that if we get to the other side of taper and organic growth in the economy is solid, that this backlog of corporate activity would start to come out. I would say that, that is, in my mind, the likely outcome. So while -- at the present moment, strategic dialogue has picked up slightly, it's always very hard to predict which one of these things get across the line. But I feel like there is an expectation that growth in the economy will continue to go up in a muted way but nonetheless improve, and that will raise confidence at the corporate level which will inspire a bunch of activity that has felt like it's been in the backlog for 2 or 3 years.
Brennan Hawken - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, all right. And then my follow-up, so we've got Lyondell sales sort of completed here. In speaking to investors, there's some concern about how you guys fill that hole on the distribution side. Can you give some color around how you're thinking about that and whether or not you feel as though there's plenty in the pipeline in that $23 billion that's relatively close to realizations that can allow for current levels to be sustained?
Marc Adam Spilker: There were 2 questions there. I mean, the $23 billion is a number. And so, eventually, hopefully, that will all turn into realizations. And so you can do the math on that. On Lyondell, on the one hand, I would acknowledge those kind of investment opportunities and results don't come around every day. So that will be a hard one to replace. On the other hand, if you look at the growth in net IRRs of Fund VII, it is on our historic average. And so Fund VII wasn't just about Lyondell; it was about a lot of good investments. And so you just have to look at our long-term investment returns and decide whether or not you think that we're capable of continuing to do that, which we think we are. And as much as we all would like to have more Lyondells, that there are going to be plenty of opportunities, we feel to continue to perform the way we have historically that will turn into the kind of distributions that we all hope and expect.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christian Bolu with Crdit Suisse.
Christian Bolu: Just back on Athene, as we look further out, how do you think about the overall implications for rising rates on Athene? Seems to me like it could spur good demand for kind of fixed annuity products but may have negative implications for kind of Athene's investment portfolio. I'm just curious to how you think about the overall implications.
Marc Adam Spilker: Yes, a lot has been discussed by Athene about the topic, and I can refer you to what had been publicly disclosed about the portfolio. And I would say that what Athene and Jim Belardi have said is that they have positioned themselves for higher rates. And so from a point of the current portfolio construction, reinvestment risk is something we've focused on. And if rates are higher, the ability to invest higher will be probably accrue to the benefit of Athene. And the other part of your question, which I think is really, really important, which is that the success of Athene and the going forward growth, a lot of that is going to be driven by the incredible change that's happening in the retirement part of the business, which is the aging population. And you know the statistics as well as I do that for the next 15 years, there'll be 10,000 new people in the bucket of 65 and older, and fixed annuities are a great retirement vehicle. And so the demand for retirement product will continue to grow. And I think that, that is one of the big secular trends that we are starting to capitalize and will continue.
Christian Bolu: Just a quick follow-up. In the credit business, looks like FRE margins expanded nicely during the quarter. Do you see this trend continuing now you have a much bigger AUM base from Athene?
Martin Kelly: Sure. Christian, it's Martin. It has expanded. I think that reflects a full quarter of the fee revenues and associated expenses from the incremental assets coming in from Aviva. I think looking forward, we don't -- because Athene Asset Management is integrated, we don't plan to present the direct expenses of Athene Asset Management. But I would think that the costs may increase modestly as the platform continues to grow out. But it shouldn't be significantly different from where we see it now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just outlook for fundraising. 2013 was an awesome year. For PE, was there anything we should expect for 2014? And then as you think about the pipeline of fundraising for credit, excluding Athene because Athene should be huge as well, how does that look versus what you guys did in 2013? Better, worse, same, just any color would be helpful.
Marc Adam Spilker: Yes, again, it's -- with the integrated assets from acquisition at Athene and raising the largest fund we've raised in our history, it is -- it's going to be hard to repeat that. Having said that, our platform continues to grow. There are a number of funds that were in the market within credit that we continue to raise capital for. We're focusing on illiquid credit investing where we still see good risk-adjusted returns. Our insurance practice continues to grow, and we believe that -- and we are and continue to raise capital against that. Natural resources is a big opportunity. Financial services continues to be a big opportunity. There are opportunities for new funds and co-investments. And managed accounts continue to be a really big focus on the part of our LPs, and our global marketing team is very focused on that. But what I was really trying to focus on some in my opening comments and a little bit in answering some of the questions is that broadly across the credit markets, big opportunities, and I still think that we are in the early stages or at the beginning of the secular shift. And so there are opportunities, I believe, that are going to come up over the course of the year that aren't currently on the plate, plus all the things that we're currently doing. And so at the beginning of the year, I acknowledged that you look at the -- you look at what you have to do for the year, it always seems daunting, but when you step away from it, look at the opportunity that we're faced with, I have a high degree of confidence that big growth is ahead.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then you get a lot of information and data from your portfolio companies. What is it telling you about 2014?
Marc Adam Spilker: There's not -- Martin went through the statistics. And when you go through it all, there's not a huge amount of information there. I would say, generally, to me, it feels like things continue to improve but not in a straight line. And it feels to me that there's a desire for things to get better. So it feels like people will be more on the constructive side. But '14 will probably be a more volatile year than '13. We've seen it in the first month of the year, but we probably come through '14 with an improved equity market. But it's hard to believe that '14 will mirror '13.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: First question, just a numbers question, really quick for Martin. You mentioned some of the increase in the non-comp expenses quarter won't recur. Just wondering whether you can give us kind of a decent run rate for that line item going forward?
Martin Kelly: Yes, so the comment I made was that the -- was really directed to the placement fees. So within Q4, we had placement fees that you can see itemized. And then there were certain incremental costs that were fund organization costs, so associated with raising funds that the AGM has to absorb. And they are of a one-off nature. Now I guess offsetting that somewhat is the platform's growing. And so that -- we're trying to manage that in a sensible way to improve margins. But with the growth comes increasing costs. But compensation or not compensation, growing out the investment teams and the infrastructure that's needed to support that. So it's hard to predict, but as we expect the platform to grow, then the cost will grow in a way that we expect will preserve the margins and grow the margins over time.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then my follow-up, maybe for Marc, I know it has kind of been asked a few different ways, but I'll try maybe asking it differently. When you look at your pipeline today and you mentioned that it is starting to get a little bit better, I'm just trying to frame up the size of the investing pipeline. And maybe you could help us figure that out or answer that by maybe looking or talking about your pipeline today and maybe comparing it to how it looked couple of quarters ago or the start of the year.
Marc Adam Spilker: Yes, as I've said in my opening comments that it looks better. But what we always say about the pipeline is things aren't done until they're done. And sometimes you execute everything in your pipeline and sometimes it's nothing. And so -- but given where we are and what we see in the market, we continue to believe in the $3 billion to $4 billion in PE. And the number of opportunities that we're seeing in credit seems to be growing. And while PE had a lower than cycle average last year, credit continues to grow. And you see all the transaction that we're announcing. So it's all slightly improved, but we'll just have to see what we get across the line.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Autonomous.
M. Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Research LLP: Most of my questions have been asked. I just have one quick question on the semantics around Fund VIII. How much of the management fees associated with that $17.5 billion was not in 4Q at all, given that the final close was on December 31?
Martin Kelly: So Patrick, all -- the Q4 reflects a full quarter's worth of management fees on the full $17.5 billion because the fees are retroactive back to the first closing, which happens in September. So the one point I made on the call that was included were $6 million of catch-up fees, which is that look-back effect. But if you take that out, it's a sort of clean full year, full quarter's worth of fees.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: First question is another one on the fundraising side. Maybe if we can think of the pace. Obviously, the opportunities are tremendous longer term. You laid out a very good case for that, Marc. But if we could maybe look at the pace for 2014 and if you can make comments on areas that you talked about in Europe, given the restructuring of the financial landscape there, like how immediate is that opportunity for you. And then also on the strategic managed accounts within unconstrained credit, the capacity to ramp that up even over, say, the next 12 months. And then also the 15% of Athene managed by Apollo, that gradual increase and what kind of magnitude of increase should be effective over the next year in that?
Marc Adam Spilker: Yes, can you sort of repeat the first part of the question?
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, the first part was I think that there's been 3 areas: Europe, the strategic managed accounts and Athene. And the basis of it was really the pace of the opportunities. All great long-term opportunities, but if we can think about what we should sort of roughly frame in for 2014. I know that's hard to predict, but just from a magnitude perspective of that pace, that sense.
Marc Adam Spilker: Yes. I would say PE-wise, 2013 felt like a below-average year in terms of investment pace. And our hope is that 2014 is better. The investment pace in credit, '13 is probably a good baseline, but we continue to see greater opportunities. And then when we -- prior to Aviva, we had 6 of 16, which was almost 40%. At that point, we said that, that doesn't seem reasonable that will -- is the right long-term number. Then we made the acquisition. It went to 6 of 60, and now it's up to 9 of 60. And given the opportunities that we're seeing, I think it's fair to assume that, that number will go up. But there is no target. That number goes up when we find investment opportunities that make sense for Athene.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then on the strategic managed accounts and, again, the pace of the opportunity within Europe in the context that you talked about?
Marc Adam Spilker: Yes, strategic accounts kind of ebb and flows. 2 years ago, we did a lot of very sizable -- and what we said then, which turned out to be true that it was unreasonable to assume that pace. But there is a steady stream of dialogues around strategic accounts. So I continue to believe that will be a core part of our business. And that's really focusing on broadly investing across the credit platform, which is a big theme that I think will continue. So I think that opportunity will grow. And I also think that, that opportunity is important, not just for institutional, but for retail. And then Europe, like a lot of the things we've talked about, I still believe is in its earlier stages, even though we've been talking about it for 5 years. I still think Europe is in its early stages, and we are starting to see a little bit of an acceleration of that opportunity.
Operator: It appears we have no further questions at this time. We would now like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Stein for any additional or closing remarks.
Gary M. Stein: Great. Thanks, operator. Thanks, everybody, for taking the time to participate in our call this morning. And as we said, if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to call me or Noah Gunn. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-31 16:30:00) =====
Executives:  Mike Magusiak - President and CEO Tiffany Kice - EVP and CFO Dick Frank - Executive Chairman 
Analysts: Mike Gallow J. R. Bisel [ph] Michael Halen  
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Third Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode and later we will conduct the question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). And as a reminder, the conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host Mr. Mike Magusiak. Please go ahead sir.
Mike:
Magusiak:
Tiffany:
Kice:
Mike Magusiak: Thanks, Tiffany. We believe that we have developed and are executing on a very solid strategic plan to increase comparable store sales, grow our concept with both domestic and international new locations and improve our profit margins. I believe that these strategies in combination with returning capital shareholders will enhance long term shareholder value. After posing positive same store sales of 1.6% and 2.9% in both Q1 and Q2 respectively with 5 out of 6 being positive, sales declined in Q3 by 2.1%. We attribute the decline in the third quarter primarily to a significant decrease in birthday party sales and secondarily to increase competition from kids movies along with overall political and economic uncertainties for our guest. To address declining birthday sales, we have modified our marketing plan to include a newly developed birthday commercial. Its started airing two weeks ago with increased birthday media weights. In regards to kids movies during the third quarter, revenue from kids movies rated G&PG increased by approximately 65% or 320 million compared to the same period in the prior year and primarily during the first part of the third quarter. This increase in kids movies is significant considering that our total revenue during the quarter was 196 million. On a year-to-date basis, we believe that movies have not materially impacted sales. Comparable store sales for the third quarter declined in both absolute dollars in compared to the positive sales trend through the first half of the year; however, comparable store sales in the first three quarters of 2013, remain positive for each of our four regions. In the first four weeks of the fourth quarter, sales trends have turned positive, increasing 0.4%. Now, I would like to share with you the key enhancements to our plan to increase comparable store sales. First, an enhanced strategy of capital reinvestment in which we will impact each company own store on average every two years; second, the evolution of our concept with major attractions; third, the continued refinement of our pricing strategy the testing of increased token prices for games and rides; and fourth, an enhanced marketing plan that will be fully implemented at the beginning of 2014. We have recently enhanced our existing store capital strategy by utilizing transferred games from existing stores and used games in combination with new games and rides. This substantially reduces the cost of game enhancements on a first store basis and enables us to impact each of our stores more frequently. This strategy was fully implemented in the third quarter of this year as demonstrated by the significant increase in the number of stores impacted by capital in the third quarter. During the first half of 2013, we impacted 34 stores with capital improvements. This compares to 63 stores in the third quarter and a projected 60 to 70 stores in the fourth quarter. In summary, the 2013 capital plan will impact approximately 160 to 170 stores in the form of game enhancements, major remodels and store expansions for total cost of approximately $20 million. Our existing store capital plan for 2014 is projected to impact 260 to 270 stores at a cost of approximately $27 million to $29 million. In addition, to improving approximately half of our store base, were also committed to the evolution of our entertainment attraction. We are currently testing two different major attractions that received very positive guest feedback and are installing a third major attraction within the next two weeks. We currently plan to spend 3 million to 4 million on new major attractions in 2014 which are included in the projected existing store capital spend of $27 million to $29 million; we believe that our capital plan to impact more stores, more frequently combined with expenditures on major attractions will positively improve future comparable store sales. The next component of our plan to increase sales, while improving margins is the implementation of a refined value strategy. We implemented new menu boards in all domestic company owned stores during October of last year, featuring reduced price points for value deals including pizza, drinks and tokens at very attractive price points of $19.99. $29.99, $39.99 and $49.99 for families of all sizes. In conjunction with our new menu pricing, we implemented a revised coupon strategy with reduced discounts compared to our coupon offerings in the prior year and incorporated additional coupon offers to provide more flexibility to our guests. We believe that this pricing strategy was very effective based on a significant increase in sales of value deals and improved margins resulted from reduced discounting. We continue to believe that we offer our guests great value based on the number of metrics, including consumer research and guest feedback. In fact all of our games require only token to play and tokens can be purchased for as low as $0.20 each, representing a value that we believe is approximately three to four times better than our competitors pricing. To capitalize on our great value we have recently implemented a test in four markets, reducing the number of tokens included in value deals, token deals and coupon offers. Essentially we're testing a price increase in these four markets and still believe that our game value remains significantly better than our competitors. The next primary component of our plan, increase comparable store sales is implementation of a refined marketing plan. We implemented a number of marketing initiatives during 2012 and 2013 and believe that we continue to learn and refine our strategies to increase sales. Key lessons learned and current conclusions are; first creative messaging should combine both brand and reasons to visit. Second both kids and moms creative must continue to evolve and change. Third, there is a strong correlation between kids television birthday media weights and fresh and compelling commercials to birthday sales and finally we believe digital branding via banner ads to moms was ineffective in driving guest traffic. With these refinements, we believe that we have developed a strong marketing plan for 2014. Plan highlights include; a reallocation of adverting expenditures from digital branding to television, which will result in a preliminary total budget of $42 million to $43 million in 2014, compared to $42 million in 2013; total advertising media weights to increase approximately 10% to 15% with over 80% of our spots directed at kids; birthday party advertising television media weights to increase by approximately 50%; moms television weights were more than double focusing on value in emotional messaging; and finally a re-work of our website to improve communication of great value, including package deals, Chuck E-Club offerings, All Games Are One Token and Chuck E live performance with tickets splash giveaways every hour. In addition to developing what we believe is a strong sales plan; we have also implemented a fairly significant cost reduction program. The impact of this cost reduction program is evident in our store margins benefiting by 120 basis points through the third quarter of 2013. A majority of this benefit was in the 80 basis point improvement in cost of sales through the first three quarters of the year, compared to the same quarters last year. As Tiffany noted earlier, the primary drivers of improved cost of sales margins include the implementation of a revised pricing structure, as well as modifications to our ticket categories and refined pizza dough with a thinner crispier crust. Margin improvement initiatives that we are currently testing or implementing include, but are not limited to one additional pricing test that have been recently implemented in four markets, that effectively raise the price of games and rides; second, the installation of energy efficient thermostats in approximately 200 stores resulting in improved utility margins; third the requirement of non-slip footwear for all employees; fourth, holding store management accountable through incentive compensation programs for workers compensation and general liability claims, which we believe reduces incidents; and finally changing the sourcing of games and rides parts, as well as increasing the spacing of games within our stores, which improves the guest experience and reduces repair and maintenance attributable to fewer games. And finally, the next significant component of our strategic plan is the growth of our concept with domestic company owned locations and international franchise locations. We accelerated both domestic and international growth last year and now new domestic locations are a significant contributor to revenue growth. Total revenue in the first three quarters of this year increased $17.5 million, representing a 2.8% increase compared to the same quarters last year. Comparable store sales contributed $5 million or 8:10s of a percent of the revenue growth and domestic new units contributed $12.5 million or 2.0% of the revenue growth. Starting with domestic growth, in 2013 we anticipate opening 13 to 14 new stores, including one relocation. We anticipate closing five stores including the relocated store resulting in the net addition of eight to nine company owned stores. In 2014, we anticipate opening 12 to 15 locations, including three relocations and one franchise acquisition. From 2007 through 2011 we opened a total of 27 new and relocated stores. These stores averaged over $2 million sales during 2012 and produced an average cash return on investment over 20%. Switching now to international development, we continue to believe that we have an excellent long term growth opportunity. Currently excluding Canada, we have 19 international stores open with an additional two stores under construction in Mexico City and Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. We have already executed 13 development agreements with high quality franchise partners that have purchased the rights to open approximately 70 additional locations. Our belief that international development provides our company with an excellent growth vehicle is primarily based on the high sales volume of international locations, coupled with significant interest from existing and potential franchise partners. We currently project that there could be more than two times the number of our domestic locations internationally over the long term and we remain very excited and committed to this long term growth initiative. With that Ill turn the call back to Tiffany to go over our business outlook for the year.
Tiffany Kice: Thank you, Mike. Through the end of October our comparable store sales are positive 0.8%. At this time, we expect comparable store sales to be relatively flat for the fourth quarter and the related diluted EPS for that period to be in a range of $0.15 to $0.19. Additionally in regards to 2013, we expect to open eight to nine net new company owned stores. We have opened eight new stores through the third quarter, including one relocation and have closed three stores and anticipate opening five to six more in the latter part of the fourth quarter and closing one additional store. Average cheese block prices to be in the range of $1.75 to $1.85 per pound for the fourth quarter; depreciation and amortization for the year remain relatively flat with the prior year; rent expense for the year to increase approximately 4% to 5% from the prior year; advertising expense for the year to increase approximately $6 million from the prior year; capital expenditures to range from approximately $75 million to $80 million; and payment of four quarterly dividends totaling approximately $17.3 million. In regards to fiscal 2014, we intend to open $12 to $15 new stores including three relocations and one franchise acquisition; capital expenditures are expected to range from approximately $70 million to $75 million and advertising expenses anticipate to increase approximately $1 million from the prior year. I will now turn the call over to Dick for some concluding remarks.
Dick Frank: Thanks Tiffany. Although we are disappointed with our comparable store sales performance in the quarter, we are somewhat encouraged by the early sales results of the fourth quarter. More importantly we believe in our plan and continue to evaluate and enhance our strategies to further drive future performance. Enhancements to our plan to increase comparable store sales include; a revised strategy of capital reinvestment in which we will impact each company location every two years. The introduction of new major entertainment attractions; the continued execution and involvement of our value proposition; and a revised marketing plan for 2014 based upon our lessons learned in 2013. Highlights on a year-to-date basis for 2013 through the end of the third quarter include; total revenues increasing 2.8% or $17.5 million to $643.2 million; net new store revenue increasing $12.5 million; comparable store sales increasing $5 million or 8:10s of 1%; store level margins increasing 120 basis points; and finally earnings per share increased 11.2% to $2.78 a share. On October 29, 2013, our Board declared our fourth quarter dividend with a 13% increase to $0.27 per share. We remain committed to returning capital to our shareholders and note since beginning of fiscal 2010 we have returned through dividends and our share repurchase program approximately $230 million or 39% of the $595 million in operating cash flow generated over the same period of time. At this time, Mike, Tiffany, and I, would be glad to take any questions that you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Mike Gallow. Please go ahead sir.
Mike Gallow: Mike, can I just dig in a little bit on some of the pricing and promotional adjustments? How much is average ticket op as a result of that? And how do you know or do you have any research that indicates that those adjustments havent hurt your customer traffic? Thanks.
Mike:
Magusiak:
Mike Gallow: Great. In terms of just the price increase that youre testing, could you elaborate at all on when you think that would roll out, if its still preliminary what youre see in the test et cetera? Is it simply just a reduction of the number of tokens and packages? Are there other elements to it as well?
Mike:
Magusiak:
Mike Gallow: Great and then just can I just drill in the birthday parties, little more on whats happened there? If I go back a couple of years ago with ticket blaster, you had a lot of momentum and it seems like youve really lost that momentum. So help me with that a little bit. Obviously thats really not susceptible as much, at least the kids movie calendar. So help us one with what you think happened there and a two little more detail on what youre doing to improve that side of the business?
Mike:
Magusiak:
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Will Slabow. Please go ahead. 
J. R. Bisel: Hey guys this is J. R. Bisel here on the call for Will. Digging deeper on these birthday sales, I'm wondering Tiffany mainly if you saw a deceleration in specific months or was it steady throughout the quarter, these sales trends for the birthday parties.
Tiffany Kice: In third quarter, period 7 was down 11.1%, July sorry, August was down 12%, September was down 9.5%. So I'd say pretty consistent over that quarter, first half.
J. R. Bisel: And switching gears here, you know, I know you just spoke to the additional sales, sorry the additional advertising spend in the last couple of weeks and you saw a nice acceleration in the first few weeks of 4Q, outside of those birthday, those bookings being flat did you see anything else that kind of helps you get into that positive territory?
Tiffany Kice: When I look at, you're meaning in October?
J. R. Bisel: Yes, in October, sorry.
Tiffany Kice: I'm feeling pretty good about October. I mean its just four weeks. So you got to kind of take that in perspective and we're going into a holiday season with low volume. But when you kind of back out your birthday parties and you look at just your comparable store sales of everyday that was positive more than the 0.4. The birthdays were down about 8%.
Mike:
Magusiak:
J. R. Bisel: And can you remind us how long this promotion is going to run in the stores?
Mike:
Magusiak:
Operator: (Operator Instructions), our next question in queue comes from the line of Michael Halen. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Halen: What percentage of customers came to play games only in the quarter?
Tiffany Kice: Well if you look, basically 54.9% is entertainment and merchandise sales. Game only is typically what - around 10% - 12%.
Mike:
Magusiak:
Michael Halen: Okay, that's a positive. I think the Freebirds promotion makes a lot of sense. You can possibly mitigate some lost business due to some of these kid movies. Do you have any additional movie tie-ins planned for 2014?
Mike:
Magusiak:
Michael Halen: Okay, and finally can you please give us some color on how you expect the 2014 unit openings to shake out throughout the year?
Mike:
Magusiak:
Operator: And at this point we have no more questions in queue.
Mike:
Magusiak:
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T's Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Mike Magusiak - President and CEO Dick Frank - Executive Chairman Tiffany Kice - Executive Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Michael Gallo - C.L. King Will Slabaugh - Stephens Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Second Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. And later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session, instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, todays call is being recorded. Id now like to introduce our host, President and CEO, Mr. Mike Magusiak. Please go ahead.
Mike Magusiak: Thank you. Welcome to our conference call. I'm Mike Magusiak and I'm joined by our Chairman Dick Frank and Tiffany Kice, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin today's discussion, I would like to make you aware that some of the information presented today may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied in the forward-looking statements. Information regarding the company's risk factors was included in our press release and is also included in the company's filings with the SEC. Reconciliation information related to non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call may be found in the company's second quarter earnings release and on the company's website under Investor Information. Tiffany will begin todays call with an overview of our financial performance during the second quarter of 2013. I will then discuss our sales performance to-date, our strategic plan and our growth opportunities. Tiffany will then go over our business outlook for the remainder of 2013 and finally, Dick will provide concluding remarks before we open the call for Q&A. Tiffany?
Tiffany Kice: Thank you, Mike, and good afternoon everyone. Comparable store sales for the quarter increased 2.9% with April up 4.7%, May up 2.1% and June up 1.9%. We continue to believe that certain components of our strategies are gaining traction. Diluted EPS increased to $0.42 for the second quarter of 2013 as compared to $0.23 in the prior year. I will now walk you through the details of our financial results. Total revenues increased $9.5 million or 5.2% to $191.9 million at the second quarter of 2013. The comparable store sales increased by 2.9%, contributed $5.1 million to the overall increase and 4.2 million of the increase was derived from new company owned store opening since the second quarter of 2012. Cost of food, beverage, entertainment and merchandize as a percentage of company store sales decreased 100 basis points. We believe this decrease was primarily attributable to an approximate 20% reduction in dough usage as a result of our new thinner, more crispy pizza crust and the modification of our price and merchandize category, both implemented in March 2013 along with changes in our pricing strategy that were put in place in the fourth quarter of 2012. These benefits were partially offset by $0.25 or 16.3% increase in the average price per pound of cheese during the second quarter of 2013. Labor expenses as a percentage of company store sales decreased 60 basis points to 28.9%. As our increase in labor costs were outpaced by our increase in sale. In addition we experienced a decrease in workers compensation and health insurance cost during the second quarter of 13. These benefits were partially offset by an increase in store level sales and performance bonuses due to improved results. Depreciation and amortization and rent expense collectively decreased 80 basis points to 20.2% in the second quarter 2013, compared to 21% in the second quarter of 2012. Primarily due to improved leverage of these cost associated with higher sales. Advertising expense increased $2.5 million or 110 basis points as a percentage of total revenues to 5.5%. In accordance with our strategic plan, we increased our advertising spend associated with national television advertising, the production of new commercials and a new digital advertising campaign. General and administrative expenses increased $1.3 million to $14.4 million from the prior year second quarter. The increase primarily related to an increase in operational and support center management bonuses as a result of improved sales and profit performance and other various corporate costs partially offset by a gain of the sale of our property during the quarter. Diluted EPS was $0.42 in the second quarter of 2013, as compared to $0.23 in the same period of 2012. Diluted EPS primarily benefited from the 77.5% increase in net income. On a year-to-date basis to the end of the second quarter of 2013 we note the following. Total revenues increased 4.2% to $447.2 million compared with store sales increased 2.2%. Net income increased to 11.3% to $40.5 million from $36.4 million. Diluted earnings per share increased $2.34 from $2.05 primarily due to the increased of net income along with the decreased in the number of weighted average diluted shares outstanding between period, and a setting diluted EPS by approximately 0.06 per share. Lets now turn to a few highlights from our cash flow statement and balance sheet. During the first six months of 2013, we have generated $92.7 million of operating cash flow, we utilized this cash by investing $32.1 million primarily in new existing stores and $4.4 million in cash dividends repurchasing $18.1 million of our common stock and reducing our outstanding borrowings on a revolving credit facility by $37.5 million. We ended the quarter with a balance of $352 million on the companys revolving credit facility. Our leverage ratio is 2.16 to 1 as defined in our credit facility agreement which is well within our debt covenant restriction of 3 to 1. We repurchased 214,000 additional shares of our common stock during the second quarter of 2013 bringing our total shares repurchased to 526,000 on a year-to-date basis for an aggregate purchase price of $18.1 million. Including our Board authorized $100 million increase to our stock repurchase plan on April 30, 2013 we have $128.9 million remaining authorized for future share repurchases to be utilized on an opportunistic basis. On July 29, 2013 our Board declared our third quarter 2013 dividend of $0.24 per share to be paid in October of 2013. We remain committed to returning capital to shareholders, since the beginning of our fiscal 2010, here we have repurchased $189.9 million or 5.4 million shares of our common stock and we have paid $35.7 million in cash dividends for a total return of capital shareholders of $225.6 million or 40% of the $563.9 million in operating cash flow generated over the same period. I'll now turn the call over to Mike to discuss our second quarter sales performance, as well as an update on our strategic plan and growth opportunities.
Mike Magusiak: Thanks, Tiffany. We continue to believe that we have developed a very solid sales plan to increase comparable store sales, grow our concept with both domestic and international new locations and improve our profit margins. As Tiffany noted revenue in the second quarter increase $9.5 million or 5.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Comparable store sales increased 2.9% and contributed $5.1 million towards the revenue increase. The remaining revenue increase of $4.4 million was primarily attributable to new store development. The combination of increased revenue and the continued implementation of our profit strategies improved our operating margins by 250 basis points in the second quarter compared to the same quarter last year. Comparable store sales during the second quarter by region are as follows. The Western was positive 3.2%, the Central was positive 3.5%, the Northeast was positive 2.9% and the Southeast was positive 1.9% for the quarter coming in at 2.9% positive. Comparable store sales in the first half of 2013 by region are as follows. The Western was positive 1.5%, the Central was positive 3.1%, Northeast was positive 2.0% and the Southeast was positive 2.1% for the first half coming in at 2.2%. From a comparable store sales perspective, we are encouraged that each of the regions of the country had positive comparable store sales. However, our sales do fluctuate on a month-to-month basis based on many factors some of which are external in nature. Comparable store sales in July decreased by 2.3%, as we've not materially modified any of our strategies, we believe July was negatively impacted by significant increase in G and PG movies over the short time horizon. To provide a perspective of the potential impact of kids movies on sales, according to the website, Box Office Mojo, box office receipts for G and PG movies during the first four weeks of the third quarter increased $261 million to $453 million from a $192 million during the same four weeks of last year. The increase in box office receipts exceeded our total core store sales during the same time period by approximately 4.5 times. We believe that over the short period of time, kids movies negatively impacted our sales but do not believe the impact will have a material impact on our fiscal year. We continue to believe that certain strategies are gaining momentum and believe that our comparable store sales in the second half of the year will reflect the successful execution of these strategies. The main components of our plan to increase comparable store sales are, first, our marketing plan targeting both kids and moms with the objective of the increasing guest traffic. Second, the continued execution of our value proposition supported by advertising and third, an enhanced strategy of capital reinvestment in our existing locations. Starting with marketing, as previously communicated, our marketing expenditures are expected to increase approximately $6 million to $41 million in 2013 from $35 million in 2012. The primary components of our enhanced marketing plan in the second half of the year include first, an increase in national television media advertising of approximately 40% during the second half of 2013, compared with the same time period in the prior year. Second, an enhanced creative plan that is a combination of brand advertising and promotional advertising providing families with reasons to visit our locations. We are currently executing a national promotion called Every Kid's a Winner, in which each kid receives a peel off card as they enter our location and receive free tickets, tokens or trip in our Ticket Blaster. We also have a fourth quarter promotion it is tied to a national release of a kids movie. We believe that these promotions supported by increased TV and media will increase guest traffic. The next component of our plan to increase sales is continued implementation of our value strategy. We implemented new menu boards in all company stores during October of last year. We believe that the new menu boards offer a good value for both food and entertainment including reduced price points for pizza and value deals. We believe that our revised menu pricing provides us with a strong base to market great every day value. In addition, we implemented revised coupon offers in the third and fourth quarters of last year to provide greater flexibility to our guests with packaged deals of pizza, drinks and tokens at very affordable price points and various coupon offers for salads, sandwiches, Buffalo wings and token packages. This coupon offers are supported across our new website and in both print and digital media. And finally, we are supporting our value initiatives with the television commercials featuring our new value deals that started airing in February of this year. The last significant component of our sales strategy is the continued reinvestment in our facilities and entertainment attractions, because of our strong commitment to reinvesting in our stores over the past few years, we are able to significantly reduce capital expenditures and our existing stores and still maintain outstanding facilities, games and rides. The existing store capital plan for 2013 is approximately $22 million to $25 million which compares to approximately $40 million in 2012 and $65 million in 2011. We project the existing store capital plan for 2013 will impact a 165 stores including a 150 game enhancements, six major remodels and nine store expansions. We have recently enhanced our existing store capital strategy by fully utilizing used for transferred games from existing stores in combination with new games and rides. This substantially reduces the cost of game enhancements, enables us to impact each of our stores on a more frequent basis. Following the 165 stores that we intent to reach with capital improvements in 2013, we anticipate that we will impact approximately 250 stores in 2014 with game enhancements, major remodels and store expansions. In addition to impacting approximately half of our stores with capital improvements in 2014, we're also committed to evolving our concept and are currently evaluating a number of new entertainment initiatives. During the second quarter, we introduced two such entertainment offerings in a location and have a third entertainment initiative targeted for implementation in the third quarter. Our preliminary existing store capital plan for 2014 approximates $28 million which is anticipated to impact half of our store base including our new entertainment initiatives. Profitability, in addition to developing what we believe is a strong sales plan; we have also implemented a fairly significant cost reduction program. This plan contributed to an improvement of 170 basis points in store level margins in the first half of this year. Our profitability plan includes: First, the implementation of a revised pricing structure primarily in the third and fourth quarters of last year, including reduced menu prices for certain food items, including pizza and salads which have been more than offset by increased token prices. In addition, we reduced the discounts on a number of our coupon offers. Second, we modified our price and merchandise ticket categories from eight different categories to seven different categories resulting in an annualized cost reduction of approximately $1.2 million. The rollout of the modified ticket categories was completed in mid-March of this year. Third, we've refined our pizza dough resulting in what we believe is an enhanced product with a crispier crust and reduced sodium content. The rollout was completed by the end of February and is projected annualized cost reduction totaling $1.2 million. The cost of sales reduction of 60 basis points as a percentage of sales in the first half of this year compared to the first half of the prior year was primarily driven by the combination of these three cost reduction initiatives and more than offset the increase in the cost of cheese of approximately 13%. Fourth, our enhanced existing store capital expenditure plan which reduced this comparable store depreciation expense in conjunction with increased revenue is contributing to a reduction in depreciation expense as a percentage of revenue. Depreciation and amortization expense as a percentage of sales decreased 30 basis points during the first half of the year compared to the same period of last year. In addition to the cost savings initiatives stated above, we are focused on reducing other expenses that we believe will benefit future quarters. These include the implementation of required non-slip footwear for all of our employees, the installation of energy cost efficient thermostats in approximately 200 stores and the reduction of certain birthday party costs. Growth, now I would like to focus our discussion regarding growth of our concept to new locations both domestically and internationally. New locations are starting to meaningfully contribute to revenue growth. Total revenue increased $18.0 million or 4.2% during the first six months of 2013 compared to first six months of 2012, of which $9.1 million was primarily derived from a new store openings and the remaining $8.9 million was derived from the 2.2% increase in comparable store sales. For 2013, we anticipate opening 14 new stores, including one relocation. We anticipate closing approximately five stores including the relocated stores resulting in a net addition of approximately nine stores. In 2014, we anticipate opening 12 to 15 new locations including two relocations. From 2007 to 2010, we opened a total of 25 new or relocated stores. These stores averaged over $2 million in sales during 2012 and produced an average tax return on investment of slightly over 20%. Internationally, we currently have 18 franchise stores open including 10 stores that have opened since the fourth quarter of 2010. We've increased our international prospects significantly since the beginning of 2011, signing 11 development agreements, providing our franchise partners with the rights to open a total of 64 stores. In 2012 alone, we signed seven new development agreements for development of 42 stores in Mexico, Peru, the Philippines, Trinidad, Bahrain, Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates. We believe that we have an outstanding international development concept as evidenced by the significant average unit volume of our stores overseas, which provides us with an excellent long-term growth vehicle with the specific growth emphasis in Latin America, Asia and Middle East and Eastern Europe. With that, Ill turn the call back to Tiffany to go over a business outlook for fiscal 2013.
Tiffany Kice:  Thank you, Mike. Through the end of July, our comparable store sales are up 1.6%. At this time we continue to anticipate an increase in comparable store sales of 1.5% to 2.5% for the full fiscal year. We are increasing our diluted earnings per share guidance to be in a range of $2.90 to $3.05 as compared to the range of $2.80 to $2.95 given on our last call. Incorporated into this guidance are the following assumptions for fiscal 2013. 12 to 15 new company-owned stores including one store relocation, average cheese block prices in the range of $1.75 to $1.85 per pound, depreciation and amortization to remain relatively flat with prior year, rent expense to increase approximately 4% to 5% from the prior year, advertising expense to increase approximately $6 million from the prior year to support our comprehensive and multifaceted advertising plan, capital expenditures to range from approximately $75 million to $80 million and payment of four quarter dividends totaling approximately $17 million. I will now turn the call over to Dick for some concluding remarks.
Dick Frank: Thanks, Tiffany. Financial highlights for the second quarter include a $9.5 million increase in total revenue with both comparable store sales in new company owned locations making significant contributions to the sales increased, diluted earnings per share increasing 82.6% to $0.42 for the quarter as compared to $0.23 in the prior year quarter, payment of $4.1 million in cash dividends, and lastly share repurchases totaling $8.1 million of our common stock. Although sales and profits can fluctuate over short periods of time, we do believe the certain components of our strategies are contributing to our overall performance. Among these key strategies are the comprehensive marketing plan targeting both kids and moms. The continued executions of our value proposition supported by multimedia advertising initiatives and enhanced strategy of reinvestment in our existing locations, the growth of our brand both domestically and internationally, and lastly our ongoing commitment to returning capital to our shareholders through cash dividends and the continuation of our share repurchase program on an opportunistic basis. As Tiffany said, we continue to anticipate an increase of comparable store sales for the fiscal year of between 1.5% and 2.5%. At this time Mike, Tiffany and I will be glad to answer any questions that you might have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our first question will go to the line of Michael Gallo with C.L. King.
Michael Gallo - C.L. King: Question on the advertising, I guess if I look at the numbers, it looks like of the $6 million increase, $5.3 million of it occurred in the first half, it seemed like that coincided with an improvement in sales. I was wondering with the advertising up year-on-year in July, and my recollection was you didn't have a lot of advertising spend last July, but then also why not think about increasing the advertising in the back half of the year given that you've seen certainly a slowdown in trend and particularly looking at the two years stack, my recollection is July of last year was a fairly soft month at down 3.3%. So, probably with the thinking on, how we should think about advertising going forward?
Mike Magusiak: That's a real good question, Michael. It's a little bit deceiving, because we do have a very strong media plan, television advertising for the second half of this year. The reason that expenses went up so much in the first half of the year is that, we started a commercial earlier than originally anticipated and whenever you air that commercial, the total production cost is expensed when that commercial starts. So what you have in the second half of the year is the significant reduction in production costs for the production of commercials, but then if you look at trip levels in dollars, in other words national media advertising on TV, we have a very strong plan in the second half of the year. Our advertising trips, the number of commercials that kids and parents will see are up about 40% in the second half of this year versus the second half of last year.
Michael Gallo - C.L. King: That's helpful. Second question, Mike I was wondering if you could speak at all for the consumer it seems like throughout the restaurant and entertainment category that there's been some slowdown over the last six weeks or so. It seems like you've seen certainly a slowdown in your July trends, I know you cited the movie calendar. I was wondering if you can give us any further color on what you are seeing out of the consumer here in July, was it that you saw that just a number of people coming in was last, the coupon redemptions were up, was it a mix of food versus entertainment revenue that was changing, so anything that can give us more comfort that it really is just a movie calendar not what we see kind of broadly in terms of some slowing in the category? Thank you.
Mike Magusiak: No, thank you, Michael. I'll do my best approach at it. I think first I'll start broad and it is a little bit difficult because movies have increased so dramatically in the first four weeks of July but let me start broad and then I'll get into July. I think first of all, if I look at sales, we are positive five out of the six periods in the first half of 2013 and then I look on a region-by-region basis, in every region of our country was positive not only in the second quarter of this year but also on a year-to-date basis and so then you look at each regions positive. The worst region that we've had so far this year through six periods is positive 1.5% on with the best region being positive 3.1%. I mean inside look at July and we have made no significant modifications for our strategy and also believe that we have a strong promotion going on currently and which is Every Kids a Winner. We consistently hear from our operators that kids are excited to say come into our door, that they know they are going to win some tickets or tokens or a trip in the Ticket Blaster and then as I said earlier, we have a very significant increase in our advertising spend starting in July and for the rest of the year. So then you look at it that the reality is, our sales are volatile over a short period of time but they have really been consistent across the nation through the first half of the year and then we look at movies and the movies and this is just G and PG movies and Tiffany has dollars by movie. She can give you those but in total, G and PG movies increased $261 million and that was the increase in movie receipts, well that increase represents 4.5 times our total core sales in July. So even if you had a small percentage of those movie goers that who have gone to Chuck E. Cheese, it would had a fairly significant impact on our comps. So thats what we see when we look at the movies, so its hard to tie in what you may be seeing in other restaurant companies, I think that we have a very solid plan the second half of the year. Weve had a good first half of the year and maybe there are some consumer slowdown but when we look at it the one factor that weve looked at more any other is the external factor of movies. So thats the best I can do to try to explain that for you Michael.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Next we go to the line of Will Slabaugh with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Will Slabaugh - Stephens Inc.: Yes thanks guys. I wanted to follow up on the July question if I could. Didnt know if you notice anything unusual with weather, any in-break of the regions in July, I didnt know if have in front of you as far as if there were any geographic areas that were weaker or shorter than the others and does make sense if the movies would impact us, I am wondering if there is anything else that would make it parse out?
Mike Magusiak: Ill give it to you by region in July, the Northeast was negative 1.2%, the Southeast was negative 1.1%, the Central was negative 8.1% and the West was positive 1.8%.
Will Slabaugh - Stephens Inc.: Got it. Thats helpful. And one question I had about the guidance, you know for the first half of the year, you have been pull up some pretty nice leverage on our labor line and other restaurant expense lines. And as a walk to my model it looks like you will likely be able to hit that guide on a lower comp than what you are guiding. So I am just wondering if there are some other costs that I should be thinking about there, such as cheese that you call out, or if there is just maybe some conservatism in your guide concerning what youve seen so far in July?
Tiffany Kice: Will, its Tiffany. At this point really the guidance that we have given you is our best estimate and what we think that the fiscal year is going to be with the comp range of 15 to 25, I dont think there is anything that we have in kind of outlined in the line items that you should probably be thinking about.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time there are no further questions, please continue.
Mike Magusiak: We appreciate your participation in our conference call. And if you have any further questions, please feel free to call Tiffany, Dick or myself. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participations and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-02 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Mike Magusiak - President and CEO Dick Frank - Executive Chairman Tiffany Kice - Executive Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Michael Gallo - C.L. King J.R. Bizzell - Stephens Inc. Robert Derrington - Northcoast Research
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for standing by. And welcome to the CEC Entertainment First Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session, with instructions provided at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, todays conference is being recorded. And now Id like to turn the conference over to your host, President and CEO, Mr. Mike Magusiak. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Magusiak: Thank you. Welcome to our conference call. I'm Mike Magusiak, President and CEO of the company, and I'm joined by Dick Frank, our Executive Chairman; and Tiffany Kice, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin today's discussion, I would like to make you aware that some of the information presented today may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied in the forward-looking statements. Information regarding the company's risk factors was included in our press release and is also included in the company's filings with the SEC. Reconciliation information related to non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call may be found in the company's first quarter earnings releases and on the company's website under Investor Information. Tiffany will begin todays call with an overview of our financial performance during the first quarter of 2013. I will then discuss our sales performance to date, our strategic plan and our growth opportunities. Tiffany will then go over our business outlook and finally, Dick will provide concluding remarks before we open the call for Q&A.
Tiffany Kice: Thank you, Mike, and good afternoon, everyone. Comparable store sales for the quarter increased 1.6% with January up 2.1%, February down 6.8% and March up 9.2%. As previously communicated during our year end earnings announcement, February began with the difficult start, with the first two weeks of comparable store sales coming in down approximately 14%. We believe the primary factors that drove this decrease were external in nature and related to the delay in tax return refund, the expiration of the 2% payroll tax break and the increase in gas prices. With the second half of February coming in flat and March coming in at up 9.2%. We believe that we benefited from the late income tax refund, as well as comparison to sales negatively impacted by unseasonably warm weather in March of the prior. Given the continued positive performance into the month of April of 4.8% in comparable store sales, we believe that our strategies are beginning to gain momentum, although we remain in the early stages of this evaluation. Diluted earnings per share increased to $1.90 for the first quarter of 2013, as compared to $1.81 in the prior year. Ill now walk you through the details of our financial results. Total revenues increased $8.5 million or 3.4% to $255.3 million in the first quarter of 2013, with approximately $3.9 million of the increase being derived from the 1.6% increase in comparable store sales and $4.6 million and additional revenue from new store openings in both fiscal 2012 and 2013. Cost of food, beverage, entertainment and merchandise as a percentage of company store sales decreased 50 basis points. We believe this decrease was primarily attributable to changes in our pricing strategy that was fully implemented in the fourth quarter of 2012. The decrease was partially offset by $0.14 or 9.2% increase in the average price per pound of cheese during the first quarter of 2013. Labor expenses as a percentage of company store sales decreased 40 basis points to 24.7%. This decrease is reflective of improved productivity, partially offset by 0.6% increase in average hourly wage rate and an increase in store level bonuses. Advertising expense increased $2.8 million or 100 basis points as a percentage of total revenues to 4.6%. The increase related to our planned increase of advertising spend associated with national television advertising, the production of new commercials and a new digital advertising campaign. General and administrative expenses increased $1.4 million to $15 million from the prior year first quarter. The increase primarily related to an increase of operational and support center management bonuses as a result of improved sales performance and higher -- as a result of improved sales performance and also higher professional fees, primarily related to the modernization of various information technology platforms. Our effective tax rate decreased to 38.4%, as compared to 38.8% in the first quarter of the prior year, primarily related to the reinstatement of the workers opportunity tax credit at the beginning of the calendar year. Diluted EPS was $1.90 in the first quarter of 2013, as compared to a $1.81 in the prior year. Diluted EPS benefited from a 2.1% decrease in the number of weighted average diluted shares outstanding, primarily driven by our share repurchases since the first quarter of 2012 and a 3% increase in net income. Lets now turn to a few highlights from our cash flow statement and balance sheet. During the first quarter of 2013, we generated $76 million of operating cash flow. We utilized this cash by investing $15.7 million primarily in new and existing stores, reducing our outstanding borrowings on a revolving credit facility by $46.5 million and repurchasing approximately 10 million of our common stock. We ended the quarter with the balance of $343 million on the company's revolving credit facility. Our leverage ratio was 2.13 to 1 as defined in our credit facility agreement, which is well within our debt covenant restriction of 3 to 1. We repurchased approximately 300,000 shares of our common stock during the first quarter of 2013 for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $10 million. On April 30, 2013, our Board authorized an additional 100 million increase to our stock repurchase plan bringing are available total to 137 million authorized for future share repurchases to be utilized on an opportunistic basis. In regards to dividend on April 30, 2013 our Board declared our second quarter 2013 dividend of $0.24 per share to be paid in July of 2013. We are committed to returning capital to our shareholders, since the beginning of fiscal 2010 we have repurchased 181.7 million or 5.2 million shares of our common enemy and we have paid out 31.6 million in dividend for a total return of capital shareholders of $213.3 million or 39% of the $547.2 million operating cash flow generated over the same. I'll now turn the call over to Mike to discuss our first quarter sales performance, as well as an update on our strategic plan and growth opportunity.
Mike Magusiak: Thanks Tiffany. We continue to believe that we have developed a very solid sales and profitability plan for 2013, as well as lay the foundation to increase long-term shareholder value. Comparable store sales increased 1.6% during the first quarter, the breakout by period is as follows, period one was positive 2.1%, period two was negative 6.8% and period three was positive 9.2%. We believe the increase in comparable store sales is primarily related to record warm weather in the Midwest and Northeast in March of 2012, which negatively impacted our prior year results. Additionally, while we are still in the early stages of evaluating the impact of the changes to our strategic plan implemented earlier this year. We believe that certain components of our strategy are beginning to gain traction. Comparable store sales during the first four weeks of the second quarter have increased 4.8%, resulting in year to date comparable store sales increasing 2.3%. Year-to-date comparable store sales in the first 17 weeks of the year by region are as follows, the Western region was positive 0.6%, the Northeast was positive 1.8%, the Southeast was positive 2.9% and our Central region was positive 3.9%. We remained committed to our strategic plan which we believe will increase sales in 2013 and establish a strong foundation to build future sales. The main components of our plan are: first, a strong marketing plan targeting both kids and moms with the objective of increasing guest traffic; second, the continued execution of our value proposition supported by advertising; and third, an enhanced strategy of capital reinvestment into our existing locations. As previously communicated, our marketing expenditures are expected to increase approximately $6 million to $41.4 million in 2013 from $35.4 million in 2012. Advertising expenditures increased $2.8 million in the first quarter which represents the largest quarterly increase in advertising expense planned for 2013. The first quarter of this year represented first time that all of our marketing strategies were fully implemented. The primary components of our annual marketing plan continue to include: first, a strong television media plan that increases our media by approximately 27% compared to 2012; second, a strong digital plan of approximately $5.5 million, which encompasses search, brand, value and promotional elements. Were doubling our expenditures compared to 2012 and have committed to a 52-week digital plan for this year; and finally, an enhanced creative plan that is a combination of brand advertising and promotional advertising providing families with reasons to visit our locations. We implemented our second quarter promotion utilizing an automated reality app called Say Cheese! at the beginning of April. This free downloadable app enables kids and parents to take pictures with a three-dimensional Chuck E. Cheese in all domestic and Canadian locations. You can visit our website at www.chuckecheese.com to view families posting pictures taken with the app on our website under the share memories ticket. In addition, were implementing a new summer promotion starting at the beginning of June and are finalizing our promotion for the fourth quarter. For competitive reasons we are not providing details of these promotions until after their launch day. We believe that these promotions supported by increased TV and digital media will increase customer traffic. The next component of our plan to increase sales is a continued implementation of our value strategy. We implemented new menu boards in all company stores during October of last year. We believe the new menu boards offer a good value for both food and entertainment, including reduced price points for pizza and value deals. We believe that our revised menu pricing provides us with a strong base to market everyday value. In addition, we implemented revised coupon offers in the third and fourth quarters of last year to provide greater flexibility to our guests with package deals of pizza, drinks and tokens, at very affordable price points and various coupon offers for salads, sandwiches, buffalo wings and token packages. These coupon offers are supported across our new website, and in both print and digital media. And finally, were supporting our value initiatives with a television commercial featuring our new value deals that started airing Monday, February the 18th. The last significant component of our sales strategy is continued reinvestment in our facilities and entertainment attractions. Because of our strong commitment to reinvesting in our stores over the past few years, were able to significantly reduce capital expenditures in our existing stores and still maintain outstanding facilities, games and rides. The existing store capital plan for 2013 is approximate $25 million which compares to approximately $40 million in 2012 and $65 million in 2013. We project the existing store capital plan for 2013 will impact 169 stores, including 150 game enhancements, eight major remodels, and 11 expansions. Weve recently made some significant enhancements to our existing store capital strategy by fully utilizing used or transport games from existing stores in combination with new games and rides. This substantially reduces the cost of game enhancements and enables us to impact each of our stores on a more frequent basis. Following the 169 stores that we intend to reach with capital improvements in 2013, we anticipate we will improve approximately 250 stores in 2014 with game enhancements, major remodels and store expansions. The preliminary existing store capital expenditure plan for 2014 is $25 million which approximates our 2013 spending plan. We remain committed to the evolution of our entertainment attractions and are currently focused on a number of major new attractions that we intend to test in our stores during the remainder of 2013. Our primary objective of identifying and testing major attractions in 2013 is to promote these attractions in 2014 to increase guest visitations. In addition to developing what we believe is a strong sales plan; we have also implemented a fairly significant cost reduction program that will offset a portion of expense increases. This plan contributed to a 1.1% reduction in company store operating cost from 68.9% in the first quarter of 2012 to 67.8% in the first quarter of this year. Our profitability plan includes: first, we implemented a revised pricing structure primarily in the third and fourth quarters of last year, including reduced menu prices for certain food items, including pizza and salads which have been more than offset by increased token price. In addition, we reduced the discounts on a number of our coupon offers. Second, we modified our price and merchandise ticket categories from eight different categories to seven different categories, resulting in an annualized cost reduction of approximately $1.2 million. The roll out of the modified ticket categories was completed in mid March. Third, weve refined our pizza dough resulting in what we believe is an enhanced product with a crispier crust and reduced sodium content. The roll out was completed by the end of February and has a projected annualized cost reduction totaling $1.2 million. The combination of the three cost reduction initiatives stated above primarily contributed to the cost of sales reduction of 0.5% in the first quarter of this year compared to the first quarter of last year. Fourth, we reduced existing store capital expenditures, excluding new stores, which is anticipated to result in a reduction in comparable store depreciation expense by approximately $1.5 million in 2013 versus 2012. Depreciation and amortization expense as a percentage of sales decreased 0.2% during the first quarter compared to the same quarter last year. In addition to the cost savings initiatives stated above in which weve quantify expected reduction in expenses, were focused on reducing other expenses that we believe will benefit future quarters. These include the implementation of required non-slip footwear for all of our store employees, the installation of energy cost-efficient thermostats and approximately 200 stores and the reduction of certain birthday party costs. Now, I would like to discuss the growth of our concept through new locations, both domestically and internationally. Starting with domestic growth, during 2012, we opened 12 new locations, including three relocations and we acquired one franchise store. We closed six stores, including the three relocated stores, resulting in the net addition of seven company stores. New stores contributed to accelerated revenue growth during the quarter. Revenue increased $8.5 million, or 3.4%. Comparable store sales contributed approximately 46% of the increase in revenue with the vast majority of the remaining revenue growth attributable to new stores opened in 2012 and 2013. For 2013, we anticipate opening 15 new stores, including one relocation. We anticipate closing approximately five stores, including the relocated store, resulting in the net addition of approximately 10 stores. From 2007 through 2010, we opened a total of 25 new or relocated stores. These stores averaged over $2 million in sales during 2012 and produced a cash return on investment of slightly over 20%. Internationally, as of April 2013, we have 17 franchise stores open, including nine stores that have opened since the fourth quarter of 2010. Our most recent international store opening occurred in April of this year in Panama City, Panama. Weve increased our international prospect significantly in the last two years, signing 10 development agreements, providing our franchise partners with the rights to open a total of 61 stores. In 2012 alone, we signed seven new development agreements for the development of 42 stores in Mexico, Peru, the Philippines, Trinidad, Iran, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. I believe that we have made outstanding international development concept as evidenced by the significant average unit sales volume of our stores overseas, which provides us with an excellent long-term growth vehicle with specific growth emphasis in Latin America, Asia and the Middle East. With that, I'll turn it over to Tiffany to review our business outlook for fiscal 2013.
Tiffany Kice: Thank you, Mike. As Mike discussed we believe that our sales are starting to gain momentum with year-to-date sales coming in at up 2.3% through April. However, given the substantial volatility we experienced during the first quarter, we remained cautious. At this time, we anticipate an increase in comparable store sales of 1.5% to 2.5% for the fiscal year and diluted earnings per share to be in a range of $2.80 to $2.95. Incorporated into this guidance are the following assumptions for fiscal 2013. 12 to 15 new company-owned stores, including one store relocation; average cheese block prices in the range of the $1.75 to $1.85 per pound; depreciation and amortization to remain relatively flat; rent expense to increase approximately 4% to 5% from the prior year; advertising expense to increase $6 million from the prior year to support our comprehensive and multifaceted advertising plan; capital expenditures to range from approximately $82 million to $84 million and payment of four quarterly dividends totaling approximately $17 million. I will now turn the call over to Dick for some concluding remarks.
Dick Frank: Thanks, Tiffany. Were encouraged by the financial performance of the first quarter with comparable store sales, increasing 1.6% and diluted earnings per share increasing to $1.90. As both Mike and Tiffany pointed out, we experienced a great deal of sales volatility within the quarter with February comparable store sales being negative 6.8% before posting positive comps in March of 9.2%. This type of volatility makes an evaluation of our sales strategies difficult. But given the sales performance through April of 2013, we do believe our strategies are beginning to gain traction. As we look back over the year -- over the last year, 18 months, we believe we have learnt a great deal as we have attempted to revitalize our brand in advertising as we move to the future. In essence, we have been focused on laying a foundation for future growth. Key elements of our plan include first, everyday value messaging, supported by a multimedia campaign. Second, aggressive advertising targeting both kids and moms. Third, revise capital plan that will allow us to impact our stores more frequently at a reduced capital costs. Fourth, the introduction of new major entertainment attractions, which will begin to test as early as this summer. And lastly, growth through both domestic and international new store development. Certainly, our strategies will evolve over time. But we believe that these key elements will guide us in the years ahead. At this time, Mike, Tiffany and I will be glad to answer any questions that any of you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And well now go to our first question from the line of Michael Gallo with C.L. King. Please go ahead.
Michael Gallo - C.L. King: Hi. Good afternoon and good to see the stabilization.
Mike Magusiak: Thank you.
Michael Gallo - C.L. King: Mike, I just want to parse in a little bit more on just the weather impact. Obviously, March was unseasonably cold, particularly in the Midwest, but I mean to a large degree I think a lot of April was as well. You gave the break down I think of the Central Region year to date. I was wondering if you have a breakdown of what the Central Region did in March and April and what the other regions did on a relative basis in those months.
Mike Magusiak: Yeah. I mean. First in April -- I'm sorry, starting with March, the central was up 12.2%, but the northeast was up 15.1%. The southeast was up 11.2%. The western was 0.5% down and then in April every one of the regions was positive. The western was up 2.9%. The northeast was up 3.2%. The southeast was up 5.1 and the central was up 8.4.
Michael Gallo - C.L. King: Okay. Great. I guess when you look at just the characteristics of the comps. It seemed like at least in the quarter that you reported that you saw a bigger increase on the entertainment revenue as a component of the comp and as opposed to the food. Was that at all a reflection of how you bundled the offers? Help us with how we should look at that because it seemed like you saw a greater complaint growth on the entertainment side? Thank you. 
Mike Magusiak: Tiffany can take that piece.
Tiffany Kice: Yeah, Mike. I mean, we really look at the total revenues first off and we are pleased with the 3.4% increase there. Your correct food and beverage has remained relatively flat. So, what I think you are seeing is kind of the rebalancing of our menu and a lot of the changes that we have made from a pricing strategy on the menu board. We have lowered the pizza prices, changed the components in the value meals and what we believe happening is more people are buying more tokens through the bill changer and other ways and so thats increasing your merchant entertainment line.
Michael Gallo - C.L. King: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Mike Magusiak: And then just one thing to add on to what Tiffany was saying and Mike, a question that you had about the weather last year. Our comps last year in March were down 8.5%. But I don't believe that was all weather because the prior year in March, the comps were actually positive 5.1%. So it is always difficult on a period-by-period basis with our concept to look comps, at comps over a short period of time. So what we look at is on a broader basis through April that they are up about 2.3%. And I think thats a function of a number of strategies that we implemented. First, as we said earlier, we increased media weights by about 37% in the first quarter, and that's relatively comparable to the 27% increase for the year. Secondly, we talked about the value proposition. And I really think that as we have lowered our menu price points for value deals, pizza and salad bar and then also offering our guests more flexibility with coupons that that is a much better value for our guests. And then third, we are actually supporting that with a specific commercial that started airing February, the 18th to parents talking about our everyday value. And then we started a promotion in April of this year with augmented reality, and we believe that providing our guests not only with brand message, but also promotional messages for reasons for kids to come in helps our guest visitation. And we're going to continue that through the rest of the year with our next promotion starting at the beginning of June. So that from my perspective are the primary factors that impacted sales.
Michael Gallo - C.L. King: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. We will now go to the line of Will Slabaugh with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
J.R. Bizzell - Stephens Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. This is J.R. Bizzell on for Will. Congrats on the quarter, guys and ladies. I just wanted to -- I know you said media was up 37% in 1Q. The media spend is up in 1Q. Just wondering if you can give us an idea what the out quarters are going to look like on a percentage increase basis.
Mike Magusiak: Yeah. We would be happy to do that. When I mentioned that 37% that is in trips, media weights on television. But what you are going to see is that by far is the biggest increase for the year versus second quarter it might be up around a million and a half. And then both the third and fourth quarters are both below a million dollar increase, so substantial decreases versus the dollar increase in the first quarter. And that may move a little bit, but that will give you some perspective on the dollar spend.
Tiffany Kice: And some of that is because we had already started doing the digital advertising in the latter half of 2012.
J.R. Bizzell - Stephens Inc.: Thanks for the detail. Switching to -- on that marketing plan I know youve re-ramped it and it is showing great success so far. And just wondering if you can kind of discuss the mix you are seeing, maybe on the menu front? Are you getting more -- on a demographic basis, is there a change you are experiencing?
Mike Magusiak: We don't see a necessary shift there. We are in our stores all the time and we don't see any evidence of that. What I do think is happening is we have a very good value now on our food, and we also have a very good and excellent value on our tokens. I think that just gives the marketing a much stronger base to advertise fun for all, fun for less. 
J.R. Bizzell - Stephens Inc.: All right. Great. Congrats on the quarter.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will now go the line of Robert Derrington with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Derrington - Northcoast Research: Yeah. Thank you. Mike, along the line of the mix profile, not your customer mix but essentially what they're buying. Did you see a variation between the bundle deals, more large bundles or medium-sized or any kind of help that you can provide us with there?
Mike Magusiak: Yeah. I would be to happy to do that, Bob. I think first of all, what we saw was a significant increase in value deals and we really see that as positive because thats what we are trying to do is to promote everyday value in our stores. And one of the things that we did is we dropped the price points on those value deals and we now have across United States, a value deal that starts at $19.99. And that is up significantly, Bob, because of that price point. But what happens is when kids run out of tokens and they will buy more tokens, whether it would be a bill changer or token deals and add on other food items to that lower-priced value deal.
Robert Derrington - Northcoast Research: One thing that I noticed, Mike, that $19.99 deal you are talking about used to be a thought, a large pizza with two drinks and 25 tokens. And now it looks like I think it is a medium pizza with two drinks and 20 tokens. So was that part of the plan to kind of help keep prices similar, but also maybe help your cost of sales?
Mike Magusiak: Thats exactly right, Bob. Our discounts on our value meals are very similar to the older discounts, whats much more attractive is our price points for those value meals, but the discounts are fairly close.
Robert Derrington - Northcoast Research: Have the consumers, as they look at these things, do they tend to ask questions to be concerned or any issues around resistance to that or was the mix more than satisfactory?
Mike Magusiak: No. Just the opposite from my prospective Bob, to me the way I measure either acceptance or any hesitation toward them is, what they pull out of their valets and value meals are up significantly. So weve actual seen that been very, very well receive and then we couple that with coupon that add much more flexibility albeit at lower discount but because of the coupons have packaged deals and offers to buy wings or salad bar or tokens, guest have much more flexibility in selecting coupons that meet their specific family needs
Dick Frank: Bob, the other thing on our value packages that I think is important when you talk about acceptance. Past, just wanting to get a 999 price point and rebalance between our food and token value, we had also few our research in just be now the store is new, previous to that we really didnt have a value package really for the family sizes of Moms or Dads coming in with their child or three people. And with all of our packages prior to that, starting with a large pizza and four drinks, we felt we didnt have real a value offering so again the smaller party size, and so I think that as Mike said, the acceptance of that 999 for our guest to spend were really positively receive and we see that in the mix I believe.
Robert Derrington - Northcoast Research: No. Along that line, Dick, could you give us a little bit of color on how, one last question, yeah, I'm sorry, how did the birthday party business do relative to some of the just traditional walk up business, I know walk up business at one time had been somewhat soft, how is that mix?
Mike Magusiak: Ill take that and I will turn it back over to Dick on kind of foundation of where we are growing our concept, because I think what you see in the first quarter, Bob, is really just the first time that weve had all of our strategies fully implemented in, from my perspective and I also believe from Dick or Tiffanys, all were doing is laying the foundation to grow future sales and profitability. But if you look on a year-to-date basis through April and I might be off a little bit. birthday sales were down about 6% -- 5% to 6%. And we believe that the primary reason for that is weve shifted a significantly more percentage or a higher percentage of our advertising spend on TV to everyday occasions. And birthdays are very, very important to us but as we've been trying to drive more frequency on and everyday occasion. Were still going to focus on birthdays. Weve got a new birthday package of rolling up in the second half of this year. And we think that that's a strong package. And then naturally those birthday parties that comparable-store sales that I gave you are down 5% to 6%. That is included naturally in our comps. So Dick, you may talk about maybe a little bit of the foundation of what were trying to build with sales going forward.
Dick Frank: I think the only add on I would make probably Mike is that even though we reduced our advertising spend on birthdays, its still accounts for roughly 15% of our total advertising budget or expenditures and that's in line with sort of the mix of birthday parties to walk in. We typically over the course of the year have about 12% to 15% of our revenues coming from birthday sales. And so we think that to approximate that in terms of our total advertising expenditures strategically make sense over a longer period of time. And again as Mike was talking, it just all comes back, I think too. Our efforts here really to sort of lay the foundation and it got little bit difficult early in the year with a big falloff in the early part of February that comp store sales for us to really have a sense of whether the strategies are working and what was working and so forth. But I think the thing that we feel the best about today is that foundation is in place all the strategies now were in place for the first quarter for really the first time as we sort of revised everything. And I think that foundation for the future is really strong. And I think it has to do with sort of our value pricing like weve talked about here just a second ago but also just the excellent shape of our stores from a from capital standpoint, the aggressive marketing against moms and dads as well as the kids. And then going forward, were really excited about now bringing in behind that our major new attractions to sort of bring some vitality in the way sort of TicketBlaster did or Skytubes. Bob, youve been around the long time and can think back to one we brought the Skytubes in. And so weve been working. Our games people been working and entertainment people on major new attractions and were really excited now to be to a point where well start to test some of those here this summer and hopefully have those ready by 2014 to start to put in to some major markets. So I think it's really as always the sales is never the result of any one thing, but I think all of our strategies are coming together in way that are really allowing us to move things forward. And so as we look forward, were cautiously optimistic that these things are really starting to make a difference for us.
Robert Derrington - Northcoast Research: Im really happy for you guys. Congratulations 
Mike Magusiak: Thank you, Bob
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we have no further questions in queue. 
Mike Magusiak: We appreciate your participation on our call. And as always, if you have any additional questions, please feel free to call Tiffany, Dick or myself. Thank you very much. Bye 
Operator: And thank you very much; ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you very much for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference service. Have a good day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Magusiak - President and Chief Executive Officer Tiffany Kice - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Michael Gallo - CL King
Operator: Welcome to the CEC Entertainment, Inc. fourth quarter earnings call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to, Mr. Mike Magusiak.
Michael Magusiak: Thank you. Welcome to our conference call. I'm Mike Magusiak, President and CEO of the company, and I'm joined by Tiffany Kice, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin today's discussion, I would like to make you aware that some of the information presented today contains forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied in the forward-looking statements. Information regarding the company's risk factors was included in our press release and is also included in the Company's filings with the SEC. Reconciliation information related to non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call may be found in the company's fourth quarter earnings releases and on the company's website under Investor Information. First, Tiffany will review our financial performance during the fourth quarter and fiscal 2012. Then I will take you through our fiscal 2013 sales performance to date, our strategic plan and growth strategies. And lastly, Tiffany will discuss our business outlook, and then we will open it up to Q&A.
Tiffany Kice: Thank you, Mike, and good afternoon. Comparable store sales for the fourth quarter were down 2.2% and in line with our internal expectations. This resulted in comparable store sales for the year being down 2.9%. Excluding the asset impairment charges and cost associated with Hurricane Sandy, our operating profit was also in line with our internal expectations. We reported a diluted loss per share of $0.03 as compared to diluted earnings per share of $0.15 in the prior year. Our net loss included approximately $2 million net of tax related to asset impairment charges taken during the fourth quarter. For fiscal 2012, we reported diluted EPS of $2.47. I will now take you through the details of our financial results for the fourth quarter. Company store sales decreased $0.9 million or 0.5% to $176.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. This is primarily due to the 2.2% decline in comparable store sales, substantially offset by additional revenues from new store openings. Cost of food, beverage, entertainment and merchandise as a percentage of company store sales increased 10 basis points to 16.2%. The increase primarily related to an increase in cheese prices. Labor expenses increased 20 basis points as a percent of company store sales to 30.2%. This increase is reflected primarily of an increase of 0.7% in labor hours, partially offset by a decrease in estimated workers compensation insurance reserves. Other store operating expenses increased 70 basis points as a percentage of company store sales to 17.6%. This increase is made up of a number of expense items that are now individually significant with the largest being a loss recorded for one store in relation to Hurricane Sandy. Advertising expense increased 60 basis points as a percentage of company store sales to 4.8%. The increase is primarily related to investments associated with our new advertising campaign, including the quality of creative and production for new commercials and incremental digital advertising cost, partially offset by reductions in the cost and circulation of free-standing inserts. We recognized an asset impairment charge of $3.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 relating to seven stores. This non-cash charge was to write-down the carrying amount of the impaired stores to their estimated fair value. Interest expense increased $1 million to $3.3 million. The increase primarily relates to reclassification adjustment of expense to capitalize lease for one of our stores. Excluding the impact of this adjustment, interest expense would have been relatively flat compared to 2011. From income tax perspective, we recognize benefits primarily related to decreases in our uncertain tax position resulting from favorable settlements and the expiration of the statute supplementation. We also recorded favorable adjustments for additional state-wage based tax credit. The benefits were partially offset by the unfavorable impact in 2012 of the expiration of certain federal-wage based tax credits at the end of 2011. For the full 2012 fiscal year, we note the following: total revenues decreased 2.2% to $803.5 million; comparable store sales decreased 2.9%; net income decreased to $43.6 million from $55 million in the prior year; diluted earnings per share decreased to $2.47 for 2012 as compared to $2.88 for 2011, this decrease is primarily due to the increase in net income and was offset by benefit of $0.17 from share repurchases since the beginning of 2011. Let's now turn to our cash flow statement and balance sheet. For the 2012 fiscal year, we generated $137.1 million of operating cash flow. We utilized this cash by investing $99.5 million primarily in new and existing stores; repurchasing approximately 4,700 share of our common stock for $14.4 million and paying $19.8 million in cash dividend. We ended the year with a balance of $389.5 million on the company's revolving credit facility. Our leverage ratio was 2.4 to 1 as defined in our credit facility agreement, which is within our debt covenant restriction of 3 to 1. Our revolver balance has decreased by approximately $23 million since yearend through today. We did not repurchased any of our shares of common stock during the fourth quarter of 2012 and continue to have $47 million authorized and available for share repurchase in the future, which we intend to utilize on an opportunistic basis. On February 19, 2013, our Board approved a quarterly dividend of $0.24 per share to be paid in April of 2013. I will now turn it over to Mike to go through our sales performance thus far in 2013, our strategic plan and our growth opportunities.
Michael Magusiak: Thanks Tiffany. We continue to believe that we've developed a very solid sales plan for 2013. The primary components of the plan which I will go through in detail are comprised of the following: first, a strong marketing plan focused to both kids and moms with an increase of approximately $6 million in our advertising budget in 2013 as compared to 2012, including a television media plan with increased weights across for a year, a strong digital advertising plan, and enhanced creative plan with both brand and promotional advertising; second, implementation of our value strategy; and third, a continuation of our capital reinvestment strategy. We were pleased with the solid start in January with comparable store sales up 2.1% and continue to believe in our sales strategies. However, in early February we experienced a complete reversal. Sales during the first few weeks of February declined 16.3%, 12.3% and 0.7% respectively. This leaves year-to-date comparable store sales through the first seven weeks of 2013 declining 3.2%. We believe that the primary factors negatively impacting sales in February are external in nature. We've made no significant operational, pricing, marketing or strategic shifts since the beginning of the year that we believe could explain the sales decline from January to February. Our belief is that three external factors likely in combination that negatively impacted our sales: first, delayed tax returns by three to four weeks because of the late release of tax forms; second, the expiration of the payroll tax break at the beginning of 2013 causing Americans to pay 2% more in social security taxes; third, increased gas prices throughout the month of February. We believe that the delay in income tax refunds, the expiration of the payroll tax holiday and the increase in gas prices have a disproportionate punitive impact on our guest, which are typically young families with lower incomes. Our sales trends did improve throughout February. If we are correct in our assessment, the delayed tax returns have negatively impacted sales during February, we should benefit from the delayed returns during the remainder of February and March including the most recent week in February in which sales were relatively flat. Our sales continue to be very difficult to predict in such a challenging macro economic environment. However, based on the combination of a sales decline of 8.6% in March of 2012, due to very warm temperatures in the Upper Midwest and Northeast last year and the expected positive impact of tax returns to be received during the next few weeks, we believe that March 2013 sales should rebound and be positive. The long-term impact of the expiration of the payroll tax break and increased gas prices are unknown at this time. Despite, our disappointment in our sales performance in February, we continue to believe that we have a solid plan to increase sales and earnings in 2013. The main components of our plan include: first, strong marketing plan focused both kids and moms with the objective of increasing customer traffic; second, the continued implementation of our value proposition supported by new advertising; and third, the reinvestment in our facilities and entertainment attractions. As stated earlier, our marketing expenditures are expected to increase $6 million to $41.4 million in 2013 from $35.4 million in 2012. The primary components of this plan include: first, a strong television media plan that increases our media by approximately 27% compared to 2012; second, a strong digital plan of approximately $5.5 million, which encompasses search, plan, value and promotional elements. We're doubling the budget and have committed to a 52-week digital plan for 2013; and finally, an enhanced creative plan that is a combination of brand advertising and promotional advertising providing families with reasons to visit our locations. We are very excited about what we believe are two very significant promotions starting in April and June of this year. We're not releasing the details of these promotions for competitive reasons and will discuss our April promotion with you on our next earnings conference call. We believe that these promotions supported by increased TV and digital media will increase customer traffic. The next component of our plan to increase sales is continued implementation of our value strategy. We implemented new menu boards in all company stores during October of last year. We believe the new menu boards offer a good value for both food and entertainment, including reduced prices for pizza and value deals. We believe that our revised menu pricing provides us with a strong base to market everyday great value. In addition, we have implemented revised coupon offers in the third and fourth quarters of last year to provide greater flexibility to our guests with package deals, a pizza, drinks and tokens, at very affordable price points and various coupon offers for salads, sandwiches, buffalo wings and tokens. This coupon offers are supported with our new website, digital advertising and imprint. And finally, we're supporting our value initiatives with a television commercial featuring our new value deals that started airing Monday, February 18. The last significant component of our sales strategy is continued reinvestment in our facilities and entertainment attractions. Because of our strong commitment to reinvesting in our stores over the past few years, we are able to significantly reduce future capital expenditures on our stores and still maintain outstanding facilities, games and rides. We anticipate that our existing store capital plan in 2013 will approximate $27 million and will impact 120 stores, including 100 game enhancements, eight major remodels, and 12 expansions. This existing store capital plan of approximately $28 million compares to approximately $40 million in 2012 and $65 million in 2011. In addition to developing what we believe is a strong sales plan that we anticipate will gain traction is discretionary spending of our guest improve. We have also implemented a fairly significant cost reduction program to offset a portion of our cost increases. Our profitability plan includes: first, we've modified our price and merchandise ticket categories from eight different categories to seven different categories, resulting in an annual cost reduction of approximately $1.2 million. The roll out of the modified ticket categories is anticipated to be completed in mid March. Second, we've refined out pizza dough resulting in what we believe is an enhanced product with a crispier crust and reduced sodium content. The roll out will be complete by the end of this month and the annual cost reduction will approximate $1.2 million. Third, our reduced existing store capital expenditures, excluding new stores, will result in reduction in comparable store depreciation expense by approximately $1.5 million in 2013 versus 2012. Fourth, our revised pricing structure, including our menu boards and coupon offers is projected to reduce cost to sales by approximately $1.5 million in 2013. Reduced food prices had been more than offset by reduced tokens resulting in a slight price increase. This pricing structure was implemented primarily in September and October of last year. Now, I would like to discuss the growth of our concept through new locations, both domestically and internationally. Starting with domestic growth, during 2012 we've opened 12 new locations, including three relocations and we acquired one franchise store. We closed six stores, including the three relocated stores, resulting in the net addition of seven company stores. For 2013, we anticipate opening approximately 15 new stores, including one relocation. We anticipate closing approximately four stores, including the one relocated store, resulting in net addition of approximately 11 stores. From 2007 through 2010, we opened a total of 25 new and relocated stores. These stores averaged over $2 million sales during 2012 and produced a cash return on investment of slightly over 20%. Internationally, we currently have 16 franchise stores open, including eight stores that have been opened since the fourth quarter of 2010. We have increased our international prospect significantly in the last two years, signing 10 development agreements, providing the franchise partners with the rights to open a total of 61 stores. In 2012 alone, we signed seven new development agreements for the development of 42 stores in Mexico, Peru, the Philippines, Trinidad, Bahrain, Saudi Arabia and Untied Arab Emirates. I believe that we have an excellent international development concept as evidence by the significant average unit sales volume of our stores overseas. In addition, I am also extremely excited to announce that Roger Cardinale, an Executive Vice President and 25-year veteran of our company has expanded his role, and is now President of our international division. Roger significantly strengthens our international team, built by Mark Gordon, our Senior Vice President, International. In summary, I believe that we have an excellent long-term growth vehicle with a specific growth emphasis in Latin America, Asia and the Middle East, and I'd look forward to reporting our progress of realizing this growth potential. I'll now turn the call over to Tiffany to go over our business outlook.
Tiffany Kice: Thank you, Mike. As Mike outlined for you, we have experienced an increase in comparable store sales of 2.1% for January and a decline in the third of February of 9.4%, leaving us down 3.2% through week seven of 2013. With only three weeks of sales results in February, it's difficult to interpret any meaningful or sustained trend. However, we do believe the comparable store sales have been negatively impacted by the elimination of the 2% payroll tax holiday, the delay in the federal income tax refunds as compared to the prior year, and the increasing gasoline prices. Although, the current economic environment is challenging, we continue to believe in our strategic plan that we've laid out for 2013. And borrowing these external factors being prolonged in nature, we believe that comparable store sales should benefit over the long-term. On our last call we provided guidance of 2% to 3% increase in comparable store sales for fiscal 2013 with the diluted EPS range of $2.80 to $3. Given the uncertainty surrounding the potential longer-term impacts to comparable store sales that I've just noted and very limited sales data at this point in time, we estimate that as comparable store sales are up 1% to 2%, we will expect diluted EPS be in a range of $2.70 to $2.85, assuming 15 new company-owned stores, including one store relocation. Average cheese block prices in the range of $1.70 to $1.80 per pound; depreciation and amortization to remain relatively flat; rent expense to increase approximately 4% to 5% from the prior year; advertising expense to increase approximately $6 million from the prior year to support our comprehensive and multi-faceted advertising plan; capital expenditures to range from approximately $82 million to $84 million; and payment of four quarterly dividends totaling approximately $17 million. At this time, Mike and I will be glad to take any questions that you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from Michael Gallo with CL King.
Michael Gallo - CL King: Mike, I guess couple of questions. As you refine some of the advertising, obviously you had some mismatches as you made the changeover. Are you still tweaking the mix between your traditional kid's television media and what you're doing it in the radio, or do you feel you've got that figured out? And then on that same front, when you look year-to-date in the fourth quarter, I was wondering how much of the year-over-year increase in advertising, have you spent already? And how do you expect that to be spread throughout the year?
Michael Magusiak: I'll try to remember all this questions there. But first of all, we do believe we have very strong plan that our average trips, are national TV buy is up about 27% for the year. And if you look at the first quarter, we're up about 35% versus last year. Now, if you compare that to the fourth quarter of last year, we were down about 15%. So the fourth quarter of last year we were down about 15%. In the first half or the first quarter this year, we're up about 35%. The heaviest quarter that we have on a comparison basis, this year versus last year from a TV perspective, is the third quarter because if you remember we cut dramatically TV trips in the third quarter of last year, although we have a solid plan of TV across the board.  Then if you look at the digital plan, we are branding, we are in search, and we're also going to support our two major promotions not only on TV but digital. We would have crossed all 52 weeks for 2013. I mean, we didn't start that until the third quarter of last year. So on a broad basis, we're strong across each quarter on a national TV and digital. As far as radio, we did have radio in February and March of this year, that's not part of our plan for 2013 because we believe that the TV and digital are more than offsets the radio that we had in the first quarter of last year.
Michael Gallo - CL King: And, Mike, can you comment although what you're seeing in the birthday party business. Obviously, you had made some changes around Ticket Blaster last year, and I was wondering if you could just give us an update on whether you've been able to regain some momentum and growth there? And what do you see in terms of bookings as you look forward.
Michael Magusiak: On birthday party is actually, Michael are off to a greater extent than our average comparable store sales. And it's always difficult to break out birthdays versus regular walk-in traffic. But we attribute part of that to tightening of discretionary income, and that that to be a little bit of a larger check and maybe that's impacting it. And then we're also going against last year when we rolled out the Magic Ticket.
Michael Gallo - CL King: Any changes you're making in the packages this year to kind of keep it fresh? It would seem like, with Ticket Blaster out there for a couple of years now, it's kind of lost a little of the newness, obviously the kid has the birthday party there one year, and they intend to want to vary it up the next year. So are you making any changes this year to the birthday package?
Michael Magusiak: Yes, we have some, what I would consider fairly significant changes that are rolling out in the third quarter of last year, and I still believe, we still have an opportunity to continue to promote that Ticket Blaster. I spent about five to six hours at one of our stores a couple of weekends ago, and what I would tell you, Michael, is kid's loved that Ticket Blaster. There is an incredible excitement for not only the kid's in there, but adults and kids outside the Ticket Blaster. And I still, continue to believe that as we promote that we offer guests a very good birthday value and just an incredible experience for that birthday kid.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions in queue, please continue.
Michael Magusiak: We appreciate your participation and our web listeners. As always if you have any questions, please feel free to call Tiffany, Dick Frank, our Executive Chairman, or myself, and we'd be happy to review our strategies in 2013. Again, thank you for your participation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-09 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Management's 2012 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And following management's prepared remarks, the conference call will be opened up for questions. This conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications. 
Gary Stein: Thanks, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me today from Apollo are Marc Spilker, President; and Martin Kelly, Chief Financial Officer.
 Earlier this morning, we reported non-GAAP after-tax economic net income of $0.98 per share for the third quarter ended September 30, 2012 compared to a loss of $2.89 per share for the third quarter of 2011. For U.S. GAAP purposes, we reported net income attributable to Apollo Global Management of $83 million for the third quarter of 2012 compared to a $467 million loss during the third quarter of 2011.  
 Total assets under management, or AUM, was $110 billion as of the end of September, and fee-generating AUM was $78 billion. We declared a cash distribution of $0.40 per share for the third quarter of 2012, which comprises a $0.07 regular distribution and $0.33 that was largely attributable to realizations from portfolio company and credit investment dispositions as well as interest and dividend income earned by our private equity and capital markets funds.
 Today's conference call may include forward-looking statements and projections, and we ask that you refer to our most recent filings with the SEC for important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements -- from these statements and projections. We do not undertake to update our forward-looking statements or projections unless required by law.
 We will also be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call, such as economic net income and after-tax economic net income per share, which are reconciled to our GAAP net income or loss attributable to Class A shareholders and GAAP weighted average Class A shares outstanding. These reconciliations are included in our third quarter earnings press release, a copy of which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.agm.com. Please also refer to our most recent Form 10-K that was filed with the SEC for additional information on non-GAAP measures and risk factors relating to our business.
 This conference call is copyrighted property and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without our consent. If you have any questions about any information in the release or on this call, please feel free to follow up with me or Patrick Parmentier after the call.
 With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Marc Spilker, President of Apollo Global Management. 
Marc Spilker: Thanks, Gary, and welcome again, everyone, to our earnings call.
 We're excited to walk through our strong financial results for the third quarter of 2012 and provide our current thoughts on how Apollo is positioned in today's market environment. Now that the elections are behind us, the current market will likely continue to face volatility and uncertainty with the ensuing so-called fiscal cliff in the U.S. coupled with ongoing secular changes taking place in Europe. In light of lower interest rate policies and other non-traditional monetary actions, we are seeing tensions between fundamentals and technicals, whereby liquidity-driven gains this year in equity and credit markets seem to be a bit ahead of fundamentals.
 We continue to believe we'll generally see a slower-growth, muddle-through environment for the foreseeable future. Over the last few months, however, certain market sectors have shown a higher degree of optimism in this type of environment, and in certain situations, we have been able to capitalize on that optimism to generate realization for our fund investors. We believe this is a great example of our flexibility in adapting to changing market conditions and has led to a strong third quarter cash distribution of $0.40 per share, well above the $0.27 quarterly average that we mentioned on our prior earnings call.
 During the past 2 years, when global markets have fluctuated, we have provided value to our shareholders by paying ongoing quarterly cash distributions while simultaneously growing the capabilities and scale of our investment platform. Over the last 12 months, we have declared $1.35 in cash distributions per share to our shareholders, which we believe is an industry-leading dividend yield based on our current stock price and demonstrates the value that we have been able to deliver to our shareholders in a volatile low-yield environment.
 Our investment portfolio includes a significant amount of capital that we deployed at the bottom of the market cycle in 2008 and 2009. When market windows have opened, we have been able to move quickly to monetize certain investments. During the third quarter, this continued to take place as we generated our largest amount of realized carry so far in 2012.
 Looking more specifically at private equity, over the past few months, IPO markets have become more active on a company-specific basis within certain industries, and, where possible, our funds portfolio companies have responded quickly, as evidenced by the recent IPOs of Realogy and Berry Plastics. Apollo's private equity funds continued to have several portfolio companies with registration statements on file in preparation for possible IPOs. For certain of our funds' portfolio company investments that are already publicly traded and past their respective lockup periods, we were able to execute on secondary sales and other exit strategies as a way of seeking monetizations when market windows were open and opportunistic for doing so. There were a few examples of this activity during the last few months, and we'll provide further financial details later on the call.
 Opportunities for private sales also presented themselves during the quarter. Our funds closed on the sale of Hughes Telematics to Verizon and AMC to Wanda. And just a few weeks ago, an agreement to sell Smart & Final from Fund VI was signed.
 On the capital deployment side within private equity, we continue to see a strong pipeline of potential transactions within the 9 core industries in which we specialize, and we believe that our funds will continue to maintain a normal deployment pace. During the third quarter, however, our private equity funds put less capital to work. As we've been saying, the nature of deal activity is generally lumpy and can significantly vary from quarter-to-quarter. For example, as you may recall, during the second quarter of this year, our funds deployed over $1.7 billion of private equity capital, which was approximately twice the quarterly average. 
 Regardless of the market environment, a cornerstone of our investment philosophy is to maintain our discipline as a contrarian, value-oriented investor. As a result, we continue to look to trade complexity and aggravation for a lower purchase price, whether through distressed or controlled situations, complex corporate carve-outs or other idiosyncratic opportunities that typically result in a lower purchase multiple relative to traditional buyouts.
 Turning now to the performance of our private equity portfolio during the third quarter of 2012, the overall valuations of our private equity funds and the underlying investments appreciated on a combined basis by approximately 8%, which modestly outperformed the S&P during the same period. The aggregate revenues from our Fund VI and Fund VII portfolio companies were down slightly by an estimated 1% during the third quarter of 2012 compared to the second quarter of 2012, while EBITDA decreased by an estimated 3% on the same sequential basis.
 For the trailing 12 months, we also saw modest top line and bottom line declines, with aggregate private equity portfolio revenues down by an estimated 1% and EBITDA down by an estimated 2% for the trailing 12 months ended September 2012 compared to the same period as of September 2011.
 These revenue and EBITDA trends are consistent with what we spoke about on last quarter's earning call and the slower-growth, muddle-through environment I mentioned earlier. That said, the market's expectations for earnings growth are positive for next year. And while earnings seem to be stabilizing, we are a bit more cautious than the market's robust expectations.
 I'd now like to move on to our Credit segment. You may have noticed that in connection with our third quarter results, we renamed this segment, which was previously referred to as Capital Markets. We believe that the Credit name is more reflective of the type of investments that we are managing for our clients in this business segment. Our Credit segment had more than $60 billion of total AUM at the end of September and contributed $195 million of ENI during the third quarter, or approximately 45% of the company's total pretax ENI. We're proud of these amounts, especially after considering that Apollo's credit segment had less than $20 billion of AUM 3 years ago. We believe that the rapid expansion of this segment is a result of our strong background in credit and our flexible investment approach, which has further enabled us to move quickly to serve clients' needs by filling voids of capital formation that have arisen in a shifting financial services landscape.
 Looking now at fund-raising with our credit segment, the capital currently being raised includes managed accounts as institutional investors continue to seek tailored, solution-driven investment strategies across our credit platform that meet their individual risk/reward profiles. As we have noted previously, while large-scale, strategic mandates over $1 billion tend to be more episodic, we continue to have discussions regarding smaller mandates with both our existing client base and new potential investors.
 Among our most recent additions in this category is a $200 million credit mandate from a large insurance company that we closed in September. Our second European non-performing loan fund, EPF II, has also had a meaningful impact on our organic capital raise in our Credit segment. We have had strong investor demand towards our fund-raising target of EUR 2.5 billion in total commitments for EPF II, with over EUR 500 million of that closed in October.
 Also, in early October, we announced the pricing of ALM VII, a $722 million CLO which was the largest broadly syndicated CLO issued in the United States so far this year. This represents the third CLO that Apollo has priced this year, raising approximately $1.7 billion in aggregate and ranking us as one of the largest CLO managers with 26 CLOs totaling over $14.5 billion in AUM.
 Turning to real estate-related credit. Our publicly traded residential mortgage REIT, AMTG, experienced significant growth in the third quarter. In September, AMTG announced the closing of our preferred public equity offering, which generated net proceeds of $167 million, bringing its total capital raised year-to-date in 2012 to $416 million. As of the end of September, AMTG had fee-paying AUM for Apollo of $537 million.
 Our publicly traded commercial mortgage REIT, ARI, has also been active in the capital markets. Just a few weeks ago, ARI completed an underwritten public offering of common stock that generated net proceeds of $117 million, in addition to a preferred stock offering in August that raised net proceeds of $83 million, which together brought ARI's fee-related AUM for Apollo to $530 million. Combined, we're now managing $1.1 billion in equity across these 2 credit-oriented strategies.
 While I already gave a number of highlights regarding fund-raising within our Credit segment, I wanted to mention that we expect to commence fund-raising efforts for Fund VIII soon. Also, within private equity, our first natural resources fund is expected to complete its fundraising this quarter, and through the end of September, we had just under $1 billion in total commitments.
 Finally, in conjunction with a strategic partner based in India, approximately $250 million was committed for AION Capital Partners, which is a new fund focused on distressed investment opportunities in India. 
 We continue to believe that the secular changes taking place in the investment industry play to our strengths as a diversified alternative investment manager and will benefit our fund-raising efforts, as illustrated by the organic growth that we've seen at Apollo since becoming a public company.  Furthermore, we believe with a low-yield environment, institutional investors will continue to increase their overall portfolio allocations to alternative investment strategies, particularly unconstrained investing and credit. We also believe LPs are consolidating relationships with large, branded scale firms like Apollo that have outstanding long-term investment track records.
 I also briefly wanted to touch on a transaction that was completed less than 2 weeks ago between AP Alternative Assets, the publicly listed vehicle on Euronext Amsterdam, which many of you know as AAA, and Athene, which is the life insurance holding company created several years ago. We believe this transaction, in which AAA contributed substantially all of its investments to Athene in exchange for a combination of stock, cash and a short-term note, is beneficial to the shareholders of both AGM and Athene. In addition, we believe this transaction provides Athene with significant growth opportunities that should accrue to the benefit of AGM shareholders over time.
 And before I finish, I'd like to highlight one other key aspect of our financial performance this year, which is the growing contribution of our Management Business to our total economic net income. We believe this illustrates the diversification, scale and operating leverage in our platform, which has been a significant area of focus for the senior management team at Apollo. Our top line Management Business revenues have been increasing at a steady pace, which is leading to higher margins and a higher contribution from the Management Business.
 With that, I'll turn things over to Martin. 
Martin Kelly: Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone.
 To start off, I'd like to say that I'm delighted to be with you this morning for my first earnings call at Apollo, and I look forward to working with everyone going forward.
 Today, I'd like to highlight a few details around this quarter's financial results before we move on to your questions.
 Starting with our distribution, the $0.40 per share declared for the third quarter comprises 3 components: first, a $0.07 regular distribution; second, $0.10 from the recurring portion of our realized carry that stems from interest and dividend income and by the funds we manage; and third, the remaining $0.23 that is largely associated with one-time realizations from the dispositions of equity and debt investments in our funds, including the sales of 17.5 million shares of Lyondell and over 3 million shares of Charter Communications. 
 Last week, we also successfully sold an additional 20 million Lyondell shares that were held across multiple Apollo funds. This transaction is expected to have a meaningful impact on our fourth quarter distribution. Following this most recent sale, the funds we manage continue to hold a combined 134 million shares of Lyondell, including 83 million shares in Fund VII, 29 million shares in COF I and 16 million shares in Fund VI.
 As our team continues to forecast business performance into 2013, and based on the current composition of our funds' investment portfolios, we think it's reasonable to expect a regular quarterly distribution of $0.07 plus another $0.05 to $0.10 from the recurring interest and dividend income generated by our funds. The realized carry associated with recurring interest and dividend income could fluctuate above or below this range based on timing of interest and dividend payments and the future composition of our funds' investment portfolios. In addition, the contractual terms of our fund partnership agreements and whether our fund is above or below its respective priority return, could further impact the amount of realized carry each quarter.
 Looking now at our Management Business results. And to highlight the point Marc made a moment ago, on a year-to-date basis through September, Management Business ENI was $159 million in 2012 compared to only $48 million for the same period of 2011. Our management fee revenues of $447 million in the first 9 months of 2012 were 23% higher compared to 2011, which was largely driven by both organic and strategic growth within our credit segment. Over the same period, our Management Business expenses were only 6% higher.
 Compensation expense in the Management Business were $254 million for the 9 months compared to $253 million in the same period in 2011. Although we've added headcount this year, our compensation expense in the Management Business is flat between these 2 periods, largely from the adoption of our incentive pool compensation plan last year, whereby certain discretionary bonuses are driven in part by realized carry and are therefore recorded as realized profit-sharing expense in the Incentive Business. There was $46 million of incentive pool compensation accrued during the first 9 months of 2012 compared to $14 million for the same 9-month period of 2011.
 Turning back to quarterly performance. Total Management Business revenues of $185 million in the third quarter were lower on a sequential basis by $51 million to the second quarter, primarily due to net transaction fees that we earned for the El Paso energy transaction in the second quarter, which also impacted the lower compensation expense over the same sequential period.
 Total compensation expense in the Management Business was $81 million in the third quarter compared to $89 million in the second quarter of this year and $86 million in the third quarter of last year. Quarterly incentive pool compensation amounts included within the Incentive Business were $19 million for the third quarter of 2012 compared to $6 million in the second quarter this year and $7 million for the third quarter of last year.
 Non-compensation expenses were $59 million during the third quarter of 2012 compared to $48 million during the third quarter of 2011. This increase was largely driven by higher G&A and professional fees that were affected by the previously mentioned growth in our Credit segment as well as placement fees related to EPF II. The $11 million of other income in our Management Business this quarter includes both interest income and FX gains.
 I'd like now to turn to our Incentive Business where we report our more variable financial results, including carried interest income and profit-sharing expense. We had our best quarter so far this year in terms of realized carry, with $230 million recorded across all segments compared to $53 million of realized carry in the third quarter of 2011.
 Furthermore, Lyondell also declared a $2.75-per-share special dividend in October which is expected to have a positive impact on realized carry during the fourth quarter when combined with the aforementioned sale of 20 million shares in early November.
 During the third quarter, we also had strong investment performance in our underlying funds, as reflected by the $344 million of unrealized carry gains compared to $1.7 billion of unrealized carry losses during the third quarter of 2011, when markets in general were under more pressure. Our private equity segment generated $341 million of total carried interest income during the third quarter, which includes $188 million of realized carry income and $153 million of unrealized carry income.
 Fund VII was the primary driver of these amounts this quarter, while Fund VI continued to perform on a net basis, close to its 8% priority return. After adjusting for purchases and sales, Fund VII appreciated by approximately 15% during the third quarter, outperforming the 6% gain in the S&P 500 for the same period. The biggest drivers of Fund VII's outperformance this quarter included the 28% appreciation in Lyondell and the 18% appreciation across Fund VII's distressed debt positions and other credit investments. Since its inception in 2008, Fund VII is generating a gross and net annual IRR of 35% and 26%, respectively.
 Fund VI appreciated during the third quarter by approximately 3%, which slightly underperformed the S&P 500. The appreciation in Fund VI was led this quarter by its investments in Realogy, Lyondell, Berry Plastics and Smart & Final, offset by declines in a few of our public and private holdings, including Caesars, Rexnord and Siva. Since its inception in 2006, through September 30, Fund VI has generated a gross and net annual IRR of 9% and 8%, respectively.
 As an additional data point for Fund VI, we wanted to mention again that Realogy recently completed its IPO in October, and Fund VI owns approximately 50 million shares. You may have noticed that we recognized $36 million of realized carry from Fund VI while the general partner obligation increased by $26 million. We were able to realize cash carry for the terms and conditions of the Fund VI partnership agreement, while on a U.S. GAAP basis there was a general partner obligation of $170 million at September 30. As we have noted in the past, carry distributions from our private equity funds are based on actual cash realizations from the funds' investments as opposed to the mark-to-market distributions implied by U.S. GAAP standards, which assume the hypothetical liquidation of all the funds' investments as of the specified date. Under our fund documents, the general partner is required to return the excess carry distributions, if any, at the end of the fund's life.
 As of September 30, 2012, an additional $395 million of fund appreciation, or 3.8% of the current fair value of Fund VI investments, is needed to fully reverse the $170 million general partner obligation, after which, we estimate that the next $959 million of investment appreciation in Fund VI will result in our earning unrealized carry on an 80-20 catch-up basis, where each additional dollar of appreciation results in $0.80 of unrealized carry.
 Turning now to our Credit business. Our credit funds generated an additional $229 million of total carried interest income in the Incentive Business, which includes $187 million of unrealized carry and $42 million of realized carry. Our senior credit funds accounted for $99 million and $33 million of this unrealized and realized carry income, respectively, which was largely driven by our credit opportunity fund, COF 1. During the third quarter of 2012, the Stone Tower and Gulf Stream funds that were integrated into our credit platform also generated $44 million of unrealized carry. Apollo's total AUM as of September 30, 2012 was approximately $110 billion.
 During the third quarter of 2012, we raised an additional $1.5 billion of new capital, which was largely driven by EPF II, our natural resources and India funds, new managed accounts as well as equity offerings that were completed by both our residential and commercial mortgage REITs.
 At the end of October, and subsequent to the AAA Athene transaction that was announced less than 2 weeks ago, there was approximately $11.3 billion of AUM related to the Athene Life Reinsurance platform. This amount now includes approximately $3.8 billion of AUM managed directly by Apollo across our private equity, credit and real estate investments. For the remaining $6.2 billion, we provide asset allocation and related services which includes approximately $1.3 billion of AUM that is expected to run off over the next 12 months.
 Looking at our balance sheet as of the end of September, our gross carried interest receivable was over $1.6 billion. In addition, there was an $826 million profit-sharing payable that includes $135 million for contingent payment obligations that were incurred in connection with the acquisitions of Stone Tower Capital and Gulf Stream Asset Management.
 The $135 million obligation is based on the future expected carry to be generated by these acquisitions, although not all of the expected carry has been recorded yet. Nevertheless, after offsetting the entire profit-sharing payable, we had a net carried interest receivable of $800 million, representing $2.07 per share of value.
 With that, we'll turn the call back to the operator and open up the line for any of your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Michael Carrier of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Michael Carrier: First question, just on the level of employment. You mentioned liquidity feels like it's maybe driving some of the prices higher than the fundamentals and just giving your value contrarian methodology. So when you look at the level of this quarter, and you guys mentioned second quarter was obviously elevated, so are you just being more patient? And then where are the opportunities that you are seeing? Maybe you're waiting for a pullback or something, but where are they that you're still being pretty active in terms of doing the due diligence, doing the work? 
Marc Spilker: Thanks, Mike. Well, what I would say is, for us, this is the new normal. And so the investment teams are out there. We're always looking for differentiated, off the beaten path, idiosyncratic.  We continue to say that. And so the quarter-by-quarter deployment will be lumpy. And so on the one hand, we are saying that while things may be improving and the market may have a more optimistic view than we have, we're still out there looking for opportunities to provide value. We have an interesting pipeline, and we continue to focus on the areas that we've been talking about, which is EPF in Europe; the natural resource business, which we obviously did a large transaction last quarter; and within the private equity segment, differentiated idiosyncratic opportunities. And so we're going to continue to go out and invest in the way that we have in this sort of new normal in the way that we've invested for the past 23 years. 
Michael Carrier: Okay, it's helpful. And then just on the Management Business. I think, given some of the recent acquisitions, it's been a little bit of a challenge to try to figure out like where the run rate is. And obviously, when we look at the margin in that business and the run rate and revenues now, it is at a higher level. I just want to make sure, when we're looking at that this quarter, it didn't sound like there's anything unusual there. But it definitely seems like a step-up, too. So I just want to make sure from run rate standpoint this is a pretty good level, like there's not anything that's too out of the ordinary this quarter. 
Marc Spilker: We wanted to highlight this quarter because we felt it's gone a little bit less noticed that the run rate is growing. We're working very hard to build efficiencies into the operating model and, obviously, working very hard to grow the business. We have -- and we're also working to create a balance between opportunistic funds which are episodic and yield funds which are more open for business on a day-to-day basis. So we do feel like we've gotten to a higher level. And over time, we still think that there's plenty of room for growth going forward. But this is -- we've built up the business, and I don't think there was anything in the second or third quarter that -- or this year that was unusually high, that this feels like a good level for the firm right now. And we think that there's room for upside. 
Michael Carrier: Okay. And then just last one on the distribution. Obviously, the $0.40 at the high end of kind of where things have been. Given -- you guys give sort of your consistent or your regular dividend, and then you have the interest income. It seems like when you look at the amount of capital that's in the ground, the percent that's been kind of pre-2008, the amount that's public, it feels like the amount that you're going to see on the kind of the one-time or in-nature will be higher. But when you look at those factors and then the percent that's public and any of the lock-ups that are in place, assuming a sort of steady-state market, is there any way that you guys feel comfortable in saying that you could see an extra $0.05, $0.10 on that distribution? Or is it just because of the volatility of the market, you don't want to go there? 
Marc Spilker: Yes. I just -- just to reiterate what we've been saying, which is the 7% quarterly -- $0.07 quarterly and the $0.05 to $0.10 on the interest income, interest and dividends, and then whenever windows of opportunity open up for other monetizations that we're going to continue to take them. The thing we've also been trying to highlight is that, given that we put a lot of capital to work at the bottom of the cycle, that there are things in our portfolio that are ripe when the window for exit opens up. And we're very opportunistic. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Bill Katz of Citigroup. 
William Katz: First question, one of the themes that's been coming out of the universal banks is sort of risk-weighted asset mitigation programs to hit the Basel capital levels. It seems like that rhetoric's been picking up a little bit. I'm just sort of curious what you might be seeing and what opportunities might be -- maybe first on the plate to try and bring some assets and investments. 
Marc Spilker: Yes. I think this is something we talk about every quarter and is virtually in every LP and every shareholder meeting, which is -- and it's really a lot focused around Europe. And so we continue to believe that what's required in Europe is a lot of patience. This is a secular, structural shift and what's happening in Europe. And while on the one hand, we don't believe that right now this is a big distressed opportunity and it's not a for-sale sign on the banks' balance sheets, that banks are selling assets and we're able to buy. We have an interesting pipeline, and we think the ongoing capital constraints, the ongoing Basel III, DoddFrank, Volcker and all the other pressures on the center of the financial system is going to continue to create opportunities. But you have to be really patient. And I think the story in this space that goes -- the story that goes untold in this space is that there's a lot that's needed in order to take advantage of its opportunity. And so we have a dedicated team with a track record and experience. We have just under 700 servicers in Europe. We have the long-dated capital, we could actually close on transactions, and there's a lot about the structuring expertise that's required to partner with selling banks, because each bank has their own idiosyncratic issues around tax and reg cap. And so what we're doing is we've built a team. We think we have a world-class team and all the assets in place that I talked about. And unless you're there with the capital and have the experience and the brand and the relationships, it's a lot harder to take advantage of. We've been doing transactions quarter-to-quarter, and in the big scheme of the market, it doesn't seem like a lot, but relative to our EPF franchise, we're continuing to deploy capital and see it as both a short- and long-term significant opportunity. 
William Katz: And just maybe a follow-up for Martin, when you look at the base compensation year-on-year, that number seems to have been trending lower just by the increase in headcount. Is that just related to synergies from the recent transactions? Or is there something more structural underneath that as well? 
Martin Kelly: I think it's a combination of factors. It's transaction-driven, to an extent. It's sort of a recalibration of accruals as we get closer to year end. And it also is impacted by the incentive pool that's booked into the incentive company. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Marc Irizarry of Goldman Sachs. 
Marc Irizarry: Marc, I wanted to just dig in to fundraising a little bit for the opportunistic funds versus the more liquid credit strategies. Can you talk a little bit about the LP demand for being able to put money to work quickly in credit versus I guess if you look at your sort of history of doing lots of -- doing sort of distressed in the opportunistic funds, maybe you can talk about how a fund raiser for Fund VIII is going relative to that dynamic? 
Marc Spilker: So as I said, on Fund VIII, we're about to commence. So there's not a lot more to say about that right now. But that's certainly something that we'll get into in more detail in the future. What we're trying to say is that when you look at the Credit business specifically that there are 2 types of opportunities that are -- well, 2 types of businesses, is opportunistic credit and yield. Yield tends to be much more day-to-day, open for business, management-fee focused. The opportunity side is obviously focused when there's dislocations in the market, we'll raise funds. You can look at things like what we had done in the crisis like the COF funds and what we're doing now in the EPF franchise. But with the acquisition of Stone Tower and Gulf Stream plus the existing business that we had, particularly in our senior loan, that we're building out a more diversified, go-anywhere credit platform where we can allocate capital to where we see the biggest opportunities or the most value in the market. And so a question that you've asked a couple of times in the past, which is we're growing our marketing team to be able to do both, which is mobilize the organization when we see an opportunity and towards being more of a solution-driven sales force, especially in credit where each of our LPs, particularly in the pension plan space, have different views of risk/reward and want to be able to, in a way that can scale, bring tailored solutions to our LPs so they can get the risk/reward on the credit spectrum that they're looking for and that matches our expertise to generate returns. 
Marc Irizarry: And then just in terms of the portfolios on the private equity side in the -- what's sort of left in there on the distressed and on the debt side, how should we think about the sort of the tenor of those investments and I guess some of the -- there's lots of talk from the industry about the frothiness of some of the credit markets out there. I mean, should we expect that you'll continue to sort of clip these coupons and we'll get the realizations from them? Or should we be anticipating maybe that you'd be more sellers of credit in some of those portfolios? 
Marc Spilker: I think it's going to be really market-driven. And so obviously, what we've said is a part of what makes us unique is the way we invest. And that creates interesting, more recurring monetizations that come from interest and dividends. But when those investments get to points, that seems sensible to sell, and the opportunities are there to do so, whether it's from a liquidity or price point of view, we will do that. But that's all subject to market conditions, and we're just going to watch that very carefully. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Roger Freeman of Barclays. 
Roger Freeman: Just -- I guess in the Credit business, you had stronger returns, I think by a fair amount in COF I versus COF II. I'm just wondering what is driving that? Is it just sort of the seasoning where investments are? Or is there somewhat a different mandate within there? 
Gary Stein: Yes. The big -- Roger, the big driver is -- in COF I, there is a lot of Lyondell stock, which is really the big driver of the difference between the 2 funds. 
Roger Freeman: Okay. All right. And then, I guess, the other question, just more broadly on real estate. Obviously it's a focus of yours, and a number of the other firms are investing a lot in the business. I'm just -- I'll just be interested in hearing your thoughts as to what it's really going to take to make this a big and successful business for you and how you're going to differentiate this longer term.  Because it's a business that a lot have tried and haven't pulled off successfully. You certainly have the resources. Just curious of your latest thinking on that. 
Marc Spilker: Yes. Look, when we think about the real estate business, we think about it in 2 pieces. There's the real estate debt side, and then there's the real estate equity side. I know it's a simplification. But the credit side of the business has been growing and will continue to grow. And that's a business that works very well with our Credit business. Because essentially, it's a credit business and we manage that business the same way we manage the rest of our Credit business. Complex, looking for things that are complex where there are interesting risk/rewards, and that business has definitely grown. And that makes up about half of our business. And that business didn't exist 3 or 4 years ago. So that business is growing, and we continue to see significant upside for that business over the years. On the equity side of the business, I just want to put it in perspective. While we all would like that business to be a very large business and a big-growth business, which we think it eventually can be, we are always going to stick to our knitting of being value-oriented, contrarian investors. And while I will say that we are allocating capital, as you know, from prior calls that we closed on, our North American real estate fund, and we've done a handful of co-investments in Europe. So we have found interesting investments that we like, that the size of that business is going to scale relative to the opportunities. And we're going to be very disciplined about doing it that way. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Worthington of JPMorgan. 
Kenneth Worthington: In terms of capital deployed in private equity this quarter, I think, Marc, in your remarks, you mentioned that valuations were ahead of fundamentals. With tax changes, some tax changes happening at year end and probably more occurring in '13 and '14, is there any increased willingness by sellers to get stuff done by year end? And with that, I guess is that making you more active now behind the scenes? And if not, from like a top-down basis, I know you look at it bottoms-up. But from our perspective, what are you -- what would it take broadly to become more active? 
Marc Spilker: Well, I would say a lot has been talked about the tax situation, and it still seems more in the political process. And obviously, we're just going to have to sit and watch over the next couple of weeks and months to see what pans out. But we have not seen -- we've seen a lot of dialogue, but we haven't seen a lot of action related to changes in taxes. That could change over the next month or 2, but have not yet seen any action teed up in advance of that. And that's obviously subject to change. 
Kenneth Worthington: Okay. So there's just not enough to get people -- more -- sellers more motivated than maybe they had been a quarter ago? Okay. Again, just fishing. And then on Fund VI, it's a big fund. It's had a reasonably good year. It's hovering around this 8% net return, and you've given us some of the investments and what's doing well and what's not. But as we think holistically about the investment portfolio, and again, from a higher level, what would it take -- or what is the most likely path for this fund to be comfortably above the hurdle rate so we can think about this kicking off some good income for us and investors? Is there an answer there, I guess? 
Marc Spilker: Well, I'll try, and then you can decide. When you take a step back and look at Fund VI, this was obviously the vintage that was invested at the top of the cycle. So in the big picture, we're pretty pleased with how this fund has performed relative to the space. Having said that, there are companies that have done better and companies that have done worse. But we believe that behind the scenes that we are finding ways to create value and that in the fullness of time that the market will ultimately realize that. And so that's -- the job that we have right now is to continue to have the portfolio companies do the best that they can. And in the cycle of buy well, manage well and then, ultimately, sell well, we're certainly in the manage well part of this, we think. And as OEs, if the equity markets get better, that's going to go a long way towards helping the market realize the value that we think is in these companies. 
Kenneth Worthington: Maybe based by like sector, are there more macro things like -- just a stupid example, like if gas went up, you've got enough bets based on the price of energy. Like anything more macro that would maybe disproportionately help this fund and give it that push? Or is it too diversified for any one thing outside of just better valuations? 
Marc Spilker: I think it's more that it's diversified and generally a better market is what would benefit the possibilities of obviously exit and the values in the fund. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Kotowski of Oppenheimer. 
Christoph Kotowski: Yes. I mean, at the rate that you've been monetizing Lyondell, and it would -- it seems like it would take you 6 or 8 quarters to fully monetize that position, and obviously, that's a long time, and it's highly uncertain that -- whether the market is as good as it's been in the last 6 months going forward. And so I'm wondering, just given the inordinately important size of that position for Fund VI and VII, is there a way to color or hedge that? And have you ever done anything like that so that you can monetize something over time but hedge the position all at once? 
Marc Spilker: Yes. Look, I appreciate the question, but I don't think there's more to comment on Lyondell. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Jacob Troutman of KBW. 
Jacob Troutman: I just have a follow-up on Fund VI and kind of just the fund structure. So what enables you to take cash carry beyond being over the pref return hurdle? And is that a decision that you make? Or do you take the cash carry on an investment-by-investment basis? Or does the whole fund switch in to cash carry? 
Martin Kelly: The whole -- the cash carry is taken on an investment-by-investment basis, provided that certain terms in the fund documents are satisfied, which, certainly, during this quarter, they were. 
Jacob Troutman: Okay. And so at some point, maybe when we see the fund cross over into its catch-up period where it'll earn greater unrealized performance fees, we likely should see greater realized performance fees, right? 
Marc Spilker: Well, that all depends on whether or not we monetize investments. 
Gary Stein: It'll still be deal by deal on a cash-carry basis. 
Jacob Troutman: Okay. And another quick follow-up. On the announced Athene transaction, do you expect Athene to become a greater sources of managed assets for Apollo going forward? Or is there any way you could provide a little color there? 
Marc Spilker: We believe that as Athene grows that, that benefit will accrue through AGM through larger asset management mandates and fees. 
Gary Stein: Yes. And just to remind you -- I mean, Athene was started in, I think, July of 2009 with 0 assets under management and has already grown to -- as we said earlier on the call, it's already grown to over $11 billion of assets under management. So it has been growing quite rapidly. 
Operator: There are no further questions. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Gary Stein for any additional or closing remarks. 
Gary Stein: We want to thank everybody for joining us this morning on the call. If you have any other questions, as we said, please feel free to follow up with either me or Patrick. And we'll look forward to speaking to you again soon. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes your conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-02 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Management's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications. 
Gary Stein: Thanks, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me today from Apollo are Marc Spilker, President; and Gene Donnelly, Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this morning, we reported non-GAAP after-tax economic net income of $0.05 per share for the second quarter of 2012 compared to $0.31 for the second quarter ended June 30, 2011. For U.S. GAAP purposes, we reported a net loss attributable to Apollo Global Management of $41 million for the second quarter of 2012 compared to a $51 million loss during the second quarter of 2011. 
 Total assets under management, or AUM, was $105 billion as of the end of June, and fee-generating AUM was $77 billion. We declared a cash distribution of $0.24 per share for the second quarter of 2012, which comprises a $0.07 regular distribution and $0.17 attributable to realizations from portfolio company and credit investment dispositions, incremental net transaction fees earned during the period and interest and dividend income earned by our Private Equity and Capital Markets funds. 
 A few weeks ago, we announced the transition of our CFO position. Martin Kelly will be joining Apollo as our new CFO next month, while Gene Donnelly will remain with us as a senior adviser through the end of 2012. We're thankful for Gene's leadership and contributions over the last 2 years, as Apollo became a publicly traded company and further grew and diversified its global investment platform, and we wish Gene the best of luck in his future endeavors.
 Today's conference call may include forward-looking statements and projections, and we ask that you refer to our most recent filings with the SEC for important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements and projections. We do not undertake to update our forward-looking statements or projections unless required by law.
 We will also be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call such as economic net income and after-tax economic net income per share, which are reconciled to our GAAP net income or loss attributable to Class A shareholders and GAAP-weighted average Class A shares outstanding. These reconciliations are included in our second quarter earnings press release, a copy of which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.agm.com. Please also refer to our most recent Form 10-K that was filed with the SEC for additional information on non-GAAP measures and risk factors relating to our business.
 This conference call is copyrighted property and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without our consent. If you have any questions about any information in the release or on this call, please feel free to follow-up with me or Patrick Parmentier after the call.
 With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Marc Spilker, President of Apollo Global Management. 
Marc Spilker: Thanks, Gary, and welcome, everyone, to our 2012 second quarter earnings call. This morning, I'll touch on a few topics, including our current views on the market environment, updates on our business segments and the current status of our fund-raising efforts. Before jumping into these discussion points, I'd like to first touch on the new employment contracts that our managing partners entered into last month. 
 During our last call, we mentioned the expiration of the employment contracts with our managing partners, Leon, Josh and Marc, which were signed in connection with Apollo's private offering transaction back in 2007. On July 19, Leon, Josh and Marc signed new employment agreements, the terms and conditions of which were substantially similar to their original contracts. Under the new 3-year agreements, Apollo's managing partners will continue to receive total annual compensation of $100,000, and the majority of their Apollo income will be derived from the same declared distributions that our Class A shareholders receive. This arrangement reinforces Leon, Josh and Marc's focus and engagement in the business, and collectively, with their 54% ownership in Apollo, continues the strong alignment of interest in building long-term shareholder value and generating meaningful cash distributions for all of Apollo's shareholders. 
 Looking back on the second quarter, we continue to execute our business strategy to enhance our position as a leading global alternative investment manager despite a more challenging economic environment relative to prior 2 quarters. As you know, global equity markets were down during the second quarter, and they have been particularly volatile since May. The market's volatile performance was largely attributable to economic reports indicating slower global growth and the ongoing European debt overhang. The focus on day-to-day headlines addressing possible policy responses by central banks and governments also contributed to this volatility. We think that it's likely that we'll be operating in a more volatile economic environment, at least through the end of this year, and the U.S. economy will begin to receive heightened political attention with the upcoming November elections and the ensuing so-called fiscal cliff. 
 Furthermore, we believe the secular and structural changes taking place in Europe are at an early stage, which may further contribute to market volatility beyond 2012. Against this backdrop, we continue to see investment opportunities and deploy capital at a healthy pace. Although realization activity slowed somewhat from the previous 2 quarters, the market's appetite for additional IPOs have been subdued so far this year. Dialogues with strategic buyers have continued, and our funds were able to still monetize certain of their credit and equity holdings. 
 Our fund-raising activities also continued at a strong pace. We raised $2.3 billion of new capital during the second quarter as institutional investors continue to turn to alternative investment managers for more attractive, risk-adjusted returns in a low-rate environment. 
 Turning to our Private Equity business. The overall valuations of our funds and the underlying investments were up slightly during the second quarter after appreciating on a combined basis by approximately 1%, comparing favorably to the performance of the S&P, which was down 3% over the same period. 
 Although optimism appears to be waning over global economic growth, our private equity portfolio companies still perform well through the period ending in the second quarter. Aggregate revenues from our Fund VI and Fund VII portfolio companies were up an estimated 1% during the second quarter of 2012 compared to the first quarter of 2012, while EBITDA increased an estimated 17% on the same sequential basis. 
 Looking at the trailing 12 months, we saw modest top line and bottom line growth with aggregate private equity portfolio revenues up by an estimated 2% and EBITDA up by an estimated 3% for the trailing 12 months ended June 2012 compared to the same period as of June 2011. 
 Consumer-oriented companies had stronger financial results relative to the industrial portion of our private equity portfolio, and some of the portfolio companies began curtailing their financial outlooks for the second half of 2012, which was consistent with current economic reports that are indicating slow global growth. 
 Turning to realization activity. Our private equity funds continue to monetize investments as selling opportunities present themselves in today's volatile market environment. 
 Within Fund V, Hughes Telematics recently completed its sale to a strategic buyer, and AMC Entertainment is also expected to complete its sale to a strategic buyer in August. In addition to strategic sales, we've also used dividend recaps and other forms of capital structure optimizations that result in realizations while the IPO market remains less active. Seven of the portfolio companies of the funds we manage now have registration statements on file in preparation for possible IPOs, depending upon market conditions. As you can see, our private equity portfolio continues to mature, and we are building a queue of potential, future monetizations as windows of opportunity present themselves. 
 Realization activity from our private equity segment has had a positive impact on our quarterly distributions. Since Apollo went public in March of 2011, we've averaged just under $0.27 per share in quarterly distributions. Looking back, this amount included our regular quarterly distribution of $0.07 and an estimated $0.08 on average from the realized carry associated with the recurring interest and dividend income earned by our funds. The remaining $0.12 on average primarily related to onetime realizations in our private equity funds, showing our ability to generate meaningful cash distributions for our shareholders even when global markets are volatile and trading sideways. 
 We also continue to find differentiated investment opportunities that allow us to deploy capital at varied points of an economic cycle. We put an additional $1.7 billion of capital at work during the second quarter, which is roughly double our quarterly average investment pace. This included $1 billion of equity from Fund VII and our new natural resources fund towards the $7 billion El Paso Energy transaction. Fund VII also invested $300 million of equity in connection with the purchase of Great Wolf Resorts, and the balance of the capital we deployed during the quarter was primarily used to build upon existing positions in certain distressed situations. 
 Now turning to credit. Our Capital Markets business has become our largest business segment based upon assets under management. We closed the acquisition of Stone Tower Capital in April, which we have largely integrated with our credit platform over the last 3 months, and we are already seeing the benefits from this strategic acquisition in a variety of ways. 
 First, we're currently working on securing a mandate from a large insurance company that originally initiated dialogue with Stone Tower and now is seeking to invest across Apollo's broader credit platform. Secondly, the integration of Stone Tower has had a meaningful impact on our Management Business, with management fee revenues from our Capital Markets segment increasing by more than 40% sequentially in the second quarter compared to the first quarter of 2012. 
 In terms of investing across the Capital Markets segment, we're maintaining our focus on Europe as an area full of long-term investment opportunities, where we're continuing to expand our investment abilities. Our second European nonperforming loan, EPF II, began to deploy capital alongside EPF I. In addition to nonperforming loan portfolios, we also continue to add managed accounts that target other European credit opportunities. We believe there will be a steady flow of investment opportunities in Europe for years to come given the structural and secular changes that will likely take place over a long period of time. Our well-established presence in Europe is also allowing us to build trust and credibility with larger banks that we can partner with for future investment opportunities. 
 We also continued to grow our diversified senior loan business. For example, we raised a second CLO this year, which was sized at approximately $500 million. The successful completion of this transaction further solidifies our leadership position in the CLO market and consistent with our recent track record of raising 2 to 3 new CLOs each year. Since 2010, we have issued 5 broadly syndicated CLOs, which, including the Stone Tower acquisition, positions us as one of the largest CLO managers with more than $11 billion of CLO-related AUM. We believe that our expertise in CLO products is a great illustration of how we are able to add to our diverse investment platform to fill certain voids of capital formation that have arisen in a shifting financial services industry and also meet the expanding needs of our investors. 
 Looking now at real estate. We had approximately $8 billion of assets under management at the end of June and remain active around the world through a variety of real estate investment vehicles. Our debt-oriented real estate funds and investment vehicles continue to target real estate-related loans and securities in the U.S., including opportunities in mezzanine loans and both commercial and residential mortgage-backed securities. We're also deploying -- actively deploying capital from our strategic investment accounts into debt-oriented real estate investments. 
 In April, we held the final closing for our AGRE U.S. Real Estate Fund, bringing total capital commitments to $713 million. As of today, the fund has committed approximately 30% of its capital for investment in a variety of projects. 
 Throughout the second quarter, we invested $407 million of capital in commercial real estate debt across all of our debt accounts, including Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance or ARI, the publicly traded commercial mortgage REIT. ARI completed a preferred stock offering, netting proceeds of $83 million. In addition, we launched a new levered CMBS mandate for one of our managed accounts representing approximately $150 million of equity. Finally, our publicly traded residential mortgage REIT, AMTG, raised $250 million of new capital this past April, bringing the life-to-date equity raise to approximately $457 million. 
 Turning to fund-raising. We raised approximately $2.3 billion of new capital across all of our business segments during the second quarter. This includes additional $1.6 billion of new commitments for our second European nonperforming loan, EPF II, which now stands at $2.1 billion of total commitments as of the end of June. We also added a $200 million managed account with a sovereign wealth fund, which will focus on global credit opportunities. And the final closing of AGRE U.S. Real Estate Fund also contributed to the total capital raised during the quarter. 
 Our dialogues continue with large institutional investors on how we can partner together to provide a customized suite of product solutions to meet their investment needs. However, as I mentioned last quarter, we don't expect to see the same pace of capital inflows for strategic accounts compared to the last few quarters, and we are very focused on successfully investing the capital we have recently raised for our existing strategic accounts. 
 We continue to believe that the secular changes taking place in the investment industry play to our strengths as a diversified alternative investment manager and will benefit our fund-raising efforts. The organic growth that we've seen at Apollo since becoming a public company demonstrates the secular changes that are taking place in our industry. Institutional investors are continuing to increase their portfolio allocations to alternative investments in a low interest rate environment, and they are consolidating their relationships with larger scale asset managers like Apollo, who have strong investment track records. 
 In summary, we believe the broader market will likely continue to be volatile and cause our financial results to fluctuate quarter-to-quarter based on the unrealized values of our fund investments. During the relatively short period since Apollo has gone public, however, we've been demonstrating the ability to expand our investment platform while also realizing gains that can be returned to our shareholders on a regular basis. Although the timing and sizing of such gains can be more difficult to predict during periods of volatility, this quarter provides another snapshot of what we're doing across the business to accomplish goals that we believe will collectively build long-term shareholder value while also generating meaningful cash distributions for Apollo shareholders. 
 With that, I'll turn things over to Gene. 
Gene Donnelly: Good morning, everybody. I'd like to briefly cover the following items before we move to your questions: the quarterly distribution and related outlook for the rest of the year, performance of our Management Business and Incentive Business, AUM, the financial impact of the Stone Tower acquisition and key amounts from our balance sheet.
 Starting with our distribution. The $0.24 per share for the second quarter comprises a $0.07 regular distribution, between $0.05 and $0.06 from the recurring portion of our realized carry stemming from interest and dividend income, and the remaining $0.11 to $0.12 is associated with onetime realizations from the sale of equity and debt investments as well as incremental transaction fees. 
 Given the market volatility that we've experienced recently, it's more difficult for us to predict the timing of future realizations and their resulting impact on future declared amounts. But as we continue to analyze the business in 2012 and the more stable portion of our realized carry, we think it's reasonable to continue to expect a regular quarterly distribution of $0.07 plus another $0.05 to $0.10 from the recurring interest and dividend income generated by our funds. As a reminder, the realized carry associated with recurring interest and dividend income can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter based on timing of interest and dividend payments and the investment composition of our fund portfolios. The contractual terms of our fund partnership agreements and whether a fund is above or below its respective priority return also impacts realized carry. Consistent with our distribution policy, there can be no assurance that any distributions will be declared and paid in future periods. 
 Looking at our Management Business results, for the second quarter of 2012, we reported $70 million of ENI, which compares favorably to ENI of $35 million and $31 million during the first quarter of 2012 and the second quarter of 2011, respectively. The improvement in profitability comes largely from the net transaction fee from the El Paso Energy transaction combined with our continued efforts to scale our existing platform and ongoing cost management initiatives. These favorable items were offset in part by a $7 million increase in placement fees associated with EPF II and $3 million of onetime acquisition costs that were expensed during the second quarter of 2012 for Stone Tower. 
 Compensation expense in the Management Business increased from $84 million in the first quarter of 2012 to $89 million in the second quarter and was impacted by higher compensation linked to the El Paso Energy transaction fee as well as an increase in headcount in our Capital Markets segment associated with the Stone Tower acquisition. Offsetting these increases was a $5 million decrease in equity-based comp. 
 In prior quarters, I shared with everyone the increases in operating leverage that we were generating as we scale Apollo's business. For example, over the last 12 months, our AUM has grown 46% while our infrastructure headcount has increased less than 10% over the same period. There was $6 million of incentive pool compensation recorded in the second quarter of 2012 as profit-sharing expense, compared to $21 million of incentive pool compensation in the first quarter of 2012. This decrease was primarily driven by lower realized carry during the second quarter. As a reminder, amounts determined under our incentive pool arrangement contain both a fixed and discretionary component and will vary quarter-to-quarter, depending upon the overall realized performance of Apollo. 
 Non-compensation expenses were $69 million during the second quarter, compared to $53 million during the first quarter, which was largely driven by the placement fees for EPF II and onetime Stone Tower acquisition costs. 
 The other loss in our Management Business was impacted by $3 million of foreign exchange translation losses on foreign-held assets in Europe as the U.S. dollar strengthened relative to the euro and pound during the second quarter of 2012.
 I'd like to turn now to our Incentive Business, where we report our more variable financial results, including carried interest income and profit-sharing expense. Our Private Equity segment generated $6 million of total carried interest income during the second quarter, which includes $43 million of realized carry income, offset by $37 million reversal of unrealized carried income. There was also a $103 million increase in Fund VI's general partner obligation to return previously distributed carry, which resulted in the reversal of unrealized carry income. The reversal -- this reversal was partially offset by additional unrealized carry income that was recorded for Fund V and Fund VII based on the underlying net appreciation of their respective fund investments.
 After adjusting for purchases and sales, Fund VI depreciated during the second quarter by approximately 1%. As of June 30, an additional $440 million of fund appreciation or approximately 4% of the current fair value of Fund VI investments is needed to fully reverse the $144 million general partner obligation, after which we estimate that the next $923 million of investment appreciation in Fund VI will result in Apollo earning unrealized carry on an 80-20 catch-up basis, whereby each additional dollar of appreciation results in $0.80 of unrealized carry. 
 Turning to Fund VII. Total carried interest income from our most recent Private Equity fund includes approximately $27 million of realized carry income and $14 million of unrealized carry income. And after adjusting for purchases and sales, Fund VII appreciated by approximately 2% during the quarter. 
 Our Capital Markets funds generated an additional $2 million of total carried interest income, including $19 million of realized carry income, offset by $17 million reversal of unrealized carry income. 
 EPF I and the Stone Tower funds each had approximately $18 million of unrealized carry income that was offset by $27 million reversal of unrealized carry income for our distressed and event-driven hedge funds and a $21 million reversal of unrealized carry for our senior credit funds, which was largely driven by our credit opportunity fund, COF I, which holds 37 million shares of Lyondell. And as we shared in prior quarters, certain of Apollo's Private Equity and Capital Markets funds collectively hold 171 million shares of Lyondell, which traded down 8% during the second quarter of 2012 and has since largely recovered during the third quarter. 
 Also, our investment in HFA, the parent company of Lighthouse Partners, which manages fund of hedge fund portfolios, is accounted for on an as-converted basis based on the underlying stock value of HFA, which is an Australian public company. The value of our HFA investment declined by approximately $13 million in the quarter and is reflected in our Incentive Business results for Capital Markets. 
 Apollo's total AUM as of June 30 was $105 billion. During the second quarter of 2012, we added approximately $19 billion of AUM from the Stone Tower acquisition and $2.3 billion of new capital raised, as Marc discussed earlier on the call. 
 Also at June 30, 2012, there was approximately $10.7 billion of AUM related to the Athene Life Reinsurance platform. This amount now includes approximately $3.5 billion of AUM managed directly by Apollo in its Capital Markets and real estate funds, which is up more than $500 million during the second quarter of 2012. For the remaining $7.2 billion, we provide asset allocation and related services, including approximately $1.3 billion of AUM that is expected to run off over the next 12 months.
 Turning to the Stone Tower acquisition, we have made significant progress with the integration of the Stone Tower business into our Capital Markets group. Management Business results will be impacted for the second half of the year by approximately $9 million of remaining onetime integration costs. And including the Incentive Business results, we continue to expect that the acquisition is ultimately accretive to Apollo in 2012. 
 Looking at our balance sheet, as of the end of June, we had $620 million of cash and our gross carried interest receivable was $1.3 billion. After offsetting the corresponding profit sharing payable, we had a net carried interest receivable of $637 million. The amount of Apollo's balance sheet investments in its Private Equity, Capital Markets and real estate funds, as well as our investment in HFA, was approximately $446 million. That excludes consolidated VIEs and other consolidated funds. Our debt holdings remain constant at $738 million as of June -- at the end of June. 
 Finally, for the quarter, our ENI effective tax rate of 55% was higher than prior periods due to the incremental transaction fee income we discussed. We continue to estimate our ENI effective tax rate on an ongoing basis at 8% to 10%. 
 With that, we'll open up the line for your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Howard Chen with Crdit Suisse. 
Howard Chen: Marc, you made the comment that you're curtailing your growth forecast. So can you just provide a bit more color on what specifically you're all seeing that makes you want to take that stance? And secondly, could you tie that together with how that impacts your view on fund returns and ultimately monetization? 
Marc Spilker: Yes, the comment was made in the context of portfolio companies having the same view that we're hearing from the general market, which is expectation of slow growth, so within that context at the portfolio company level. But as you know, given the volatility, the underlying market, expectations of growth are shifting around quite dramatically. So in the short run, when expectations are lower, we see lower mark-to-markets on portfolio companies, but that's going to vary from quarter-to-quarter. And, if anything, maybe it pushes realizations out a little bit. But I also made the comment that given the nature of our portfolio, we think that there are things that are right for monetization when the -- when the window opens up, subject to better market conditions. So that was the context that I said it in. 
Howard Chen: Okay. Great. And then secondly, the firm's [ph] has been amongst the most active of your peers in Europe, but you've also been of the belief that maybe some of the near-term market opportunity was a bit overhyped by some. So I guess how would you describe the progression of the European landscape today? 
Marc Spilker: We've taken the view that this is the nature of the financial markets are changing in Europe and the issues that they have are going to take a long time to fix, and so we think this is really structural and secular and so we're being very patient. And as we've described before, we think the opportunity comes in 2 forms, one is over time, we believe the bank balance sheets in Europe will decrease and opportunities to buy things, and it's certainly not setting up as a classic distressed opportunity, but we're seeing many opportunities in the NPL space and in the real estate space, and as mentioned, in EPF I and II continuing to take advantage of that. And recognize that the pace may seem slow, but given the size of our funds relative to the overall size of the market, for us there's enough interesting things to do. And we're very focused on that. I also think that, that's an opportunity that requires a lot more than just capital. I think having partnerships with the sellers, being able to have the capital to close the transactions, being able to structure because many of these things are very complicated. And the thing that we have mentioned many times in the past is if you look at the acquisitions that we've made, the sheer number of on-the-ground services we have in Europe, we believe that will continue to create an ongoing competitive advantage. And then the other thing I referenced in our script is the other side of the opportunity, where our capital is still needed, both at the institutional and individual level in Europe. And we continue to find ways to bring -- either buy secondary loans and bonds at prices that are really attractive or participate in creating new primary loans because Europe needs a new capital source, and we believe that partnering with the existing financial institutions is going to be a big opportunity for us on an ongoing basis. And that business is continuing to grow. And I'll just say what I've said every quarter, that this is going to take a really long time, and so I think that you really need to be patient as you build this business. 
Howard Chen: Understood. And then just finally for us, a small numbers-related question. But what's the driver of why the fee yield in Capital Markets increased this quarter? 
Marc Spilker: Which number are you referring to, Howard? 
Howard Chen: I think when we were walking through everything, the fee yield within the Capital Markets business was going up and we thought it might be going down? 
Gary Stein: Yes. We -- so we added, in the quarter, we've got AUM additions from not just Stone Tower but also EPF II coming on board. I kind of think that's probably what you're seeing coming through, helping to drive that yield back up from Q1, which is what I think you're referring to. 
Gene Donnelly: Yes. Howard, I think Marc commented on absolute dollar growth and not yield. 
Howard Chen: No, no. I guess, Gene, just to clarify, we thought the inclusion of the CLOs might bring that yield down a bit more. 
Marc Spilker: Yes, there were 2 effects, Howard. One is the inclusion of Stone Tower and the incremental EPF II fund-raise. And given the fees on EPF II, relative to the CLO business, from a average fee basis, it was actually accretive. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marc Irizarry with Goldman Sachs. 
Marc Irizarry: Marc, I think you mentioned that you're putting money out in distressed situations for Fund VII. I was wondering if you can elaborate on that? It sounded like you said it was sort of in some existing investments. And then maybe you can just put a little color on sort of where you see the incremental opportunities to put capital to work there. 
Marc Spilker: I can't shed any specific light on any one opportunities other than we have built a handful of positions that we think are going to create long-term value and continue to see opportunities just to reinvest in those positions. And we think we're in this kind of environment where that will continue. And in general, in the larger scheme of where we see opportunities, I still think we're on the same themes that we've been talking about for the last 3, 4, 5 quarters, which is Europe, that I just discussed, natural resources. And we'll continue where we see opportunities in stressed and distressed to grow those positions. 
Marc Irizarry: Okay. And it seems like you've got a lot of credit oriented type of strategies already in place to capitalize on those themes. I guess if you look at Fund VII, relatively fully invested at this point, almost fully invested, how should we think about Fund VIII on the opportunistic side in terms of maybe the size of that fund and what should we think about from fund-raising there? 
Marc Spilker: Given where we are in Fund VII, I think it's reasonable to expect that later this year we will launch Fund VIII. And so we're getting much closer. 
Marc Irizarry: Okay. And then just, Marc, on the separate accounts, it sounds like maybe -- or the strategic accounts, it sounds like maybe there's the opportunity set there, how you mentioned it will be slower. Is that just, given the fact that you did have some large wins and sort of the rate of change is slower, you're seeing something different in the way that institutions are looking to put money to work. 
Marc Spilker: I think the dialogue is exactly the same that it's been for the last 6, 8 quarters. But just given the significant number of large wins that we had, we don't think that, that's a sustainable pace. But I also tried to reference in my opening script that dialogues about cross-platform, solution-driven business is still continuing. And so we're focused on that business, and I do think that we will see more, and there may be down the road more large wins, but I think it's more reasonable to expect smaller wins and we hope that we'll see larger ones, but I don't think it's reasonable to expect the same pace going forward. But to make the point, which you bring up, is that it's really important to note that the nature of the dialogue is very similar, that we're seeing many accounts who are looking at the global opportunity in credit and want to try to access the platform across multiple products, and that's a trend that we think is here for awhile. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Kramm with UBS. 
Alex Kramm: Just coming back to, I guess, the line of questions around Europe earlier, I think you made the prepared remark comment that there's obviously long-term secular changes. So I think most of that was in relation to, obviously, the Credit business. But can you also touch on the Private Equity business a little bit? Do you think some of the changes over there will motivate sellers more, maybe prices come down? And do you see particular industries where you might be a little more active here in the midterm? 
Marc Spilker: No, our current view is that obviously, classic private equity is far more challenged in Europe, for obvious reasons, and where the majority of our focus has been on credit. It doesn't mean -- and we're still doing what you would expect us to do as we have a great team in Europe, and we're continuing to look for opportunities. But it just seems at this point in the cycle that the risk-adjusted returns on the credit side of the business and the areas that I describe is far more attractive. It's entirely likely that the thesis you lay out that over time there will be some very interesting private equity situations that will develop, but that's probably a little bit down the road. 
Alex Kramm: Okay. Great. And then just in terms of realizations, I think you talked about the IPO item [ph] a little bit. What about strategic buyers? Any changes you're seeing in terms of, again, some of the portfolio companies that you have or just the dialogue increasing or are strategic buyers a little bit shellshocked at this volatile environment as well? 
Marc Spilker: No, I think it's the same that it's has been, where -- and I know this is a generalization, but strategic buyers continue to look for ways to grow their company, and they continue to have lots of cash on the balance sheet. And so given where many, as I describe, given where many of our company -- many of the companies in our portfolio -- in our funds are, that it means that there's some healthy dialogue and that continues. And so I don't know exactly where that will go, but I would say that the dialogue is where it's been in the last handful of quarters. And we described 2 situations last quarter, and our expectation and hope is that will continue. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. 
Kenneth Worthington: A couple of questions on real estate. I know it's a smaller business for you, but one, the real estate business, kind of industry-wide, has been more active. How do you think the wave of realizations here kind of play -- how does the -- how do you think about this wave of realization relative to your own real estate portfolio? And do you think this is an environment where you're seeing more opportunities for realizations or perhaps deployment as well? And then secondly, some of your competitors have made forays into the real estate housing market, trying to make that work. And I think you've partnered to explore that class in London. Is there also opportunity to explore it in the U.S. and, I don't know, your gauge of the LP interest in that model here? 
Marc Spilker: Yes, I would say on the first, I'm not sure necessarily what you mean about realizations. I would say we're -- we have our legacy CPI funds that we continue to work on and our new real estate fund that we continue to invest. And on the investment side, as I've mentioned in my opening script, we're very focused as well on the debt side of the business. And then when you put that all together, the second part of your question is, we do see significant opportunity in, I guess it's being referred to as the own-to-rent business, interesting cash yields, a segment of the market that needs capital, and we're building expertise in that. So we see opportunities as others do. And I think that, that's going to be an interesting segment to allocate capital to. And we're going to do so in the context of the size of our funds, but that's something that I think will be a growing opportunity. 
Kenneth Worthington: Okay. In the U.S. and in Europe? In terms of the... 
Marc Spilker: Right now, we're focused on the U.S. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of William Katz with Citi. 
Neil Stratton: This is actually Neil filling in for Bill. You might have addressed this earlier, but can you go over some of the dynamics of the carried interest of this quarter? I notice the gross carry was positive, yet the profit share actually broadened out. If you could just provide a little more color. 
Gene Donnelly: Sure. I think, in large part, it's a Fund VI phenomena. And we discussed this on the call for the previous quarter as well. You can have situations where the fund will generate realized carry, yet at the end of the quarter, on a GAAP basis, when you value all the hypothetical -- you value all the fund's investments on a hypothetical basis, you come up with a different result. And so the interplay of Fund VI having a realization event during the quarter and then the valuation at the end of the quarter on a hypothetical liquidation basis for GAAP purposes drives some of the differences. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-08 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Management First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications. 
Gary Stein: Thanks, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me today from Apollo Global Management are Marc Spilker, President; and Gene Donnelly, Chief Financial Officer.
 Earlier this morning, Apollo reported GAAP net income per basic and diluted Class A share of $0.66 for the first quarter ended March 31, 2012 compared to $0.33 per share for the first quarter ended March 31, 2011. For our combined segment results, we also reported non-GAAP after-tax economic net income of $1.10 per share for the first quarter of 2012 compared to $0.99 for the first quarter ended March 31, 2011.
 Total assets under management, or AUM, was $86 billion as of the end of March and fee-generating AUM was $60 billion. Following the recent closing of the Stone Tower acquisition in April, our total AUM on a pro forma basis is now $105 billion, which represents a 50% increase in total AUM since our initial public offering last year. Furthermore, subsequent to the acquisition of Stone Tower, capital markets is now Apollo's largest business segment with over $55 billion of assets under management.
 We declared a cash distribution of $0.25 per share for the first quarter of 2012, which comprises a $0.07 regular distribution and $0.18 attributable to the realizations from portfolio company and credit investment dispositions, as well as interest and dividend income earned by our private equity and capital markets funds.
 Today's conference call may include forward-looking statements and projections, and we ask that you refer to our most recent filings with the SEC for important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements and projections. We do not undertake to update our forward-looking statements or projections unless required by law.
 We will also be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call such as economic net income and after-tax economic net income per share, which are reconciled to our GAAP net income or loss attributable to Class A shareholders and GAAP weighted average Class A shares outstanding. These reconciliations are included in our first quarter earnings press release, a copy of which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.agm.com. Please also refer to our most recent Form 10-K that was filed with the SEC for additional information on non-GAAP measures and risk factors relating to our business.
 This conference call is copyrighted property and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without our consent. If you have any questions about any information in the release or on this call, please feel free to follow-up with Patrick Parmentier or me after this call.
 With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Marc Spilker, President of Apollo Global Management. 
Marc Spilker: Thanks, Gary. And welcome, again, everyone, to our 2012 first quarter earnings call. We're very pleased with our financial results this quarter on top of many other meaningful accomplishments that we'll be covering on this call. This morning, I'd like to touch on a few topics including: Our current views on the market environment; completion of the Stone Tower acquisition; updates on the private equity, capital markets and real estate businesses; fund raising; and lastly, a topic that has gotten some attention recently, the managing partner's employment agreements.
 During the first quarter, the equity and credit markets performed well, although recent activity in the U.S., including GDP and employment figures, are leading to a reassessment of the strength of the ongoing recovery. We're seeing similar sentiment in Europe and while the ECB's liquidity operations has provided some stability, structural issues within the European Union continue to weigh on global market uncertainty. Elections in both the United States and Europe have added to this uncertainty.
 We believe that we're operating in a volatile, range-bound economic environment with an upward trajectory. But there's always a risk that markets could deteriorate if we have persistent negative economic data or there are unforeseen events. We continue to believe our globally integrated investment platform has the flexibility to adapt quickly to capitalize on these market conditions just as we had demonstrated many times throughout our 22-year history.
 Clearly, if markets behave the way it did in the first quarter, it will benefit the realization cycle. And if markets worsen, we are well positioned to deploy additional capital. In the current environment, we are finding opportunities to do both.
 During the last 12 months, when equity and credit markets fluctuated, we put capital to work at a consistent pace while also realizing carry that we've been able to distribute to our shareholders. Over this period, we've declared $1.15 in combined quarterly distributions demonstrating the ability to generate both realized carry and earnings from our management business.
 While significant monetization events from the sale of portfolio companies and large credit positions can be more sporadic, the equity and credit positions in both the private equity and capital market funds that we manage have provided a consistent stream of interest and dividend income that we're also able to convert into a meaningful portion of the realized carry that's passed on to shareholders. Later on the call, I'll touch on more specifics around recent monetizations and capital deployment activity.
 In early April, we announced the completion of the acquisition of Stone Tower Capital, a leading alternative credit manager with approximately $19 billion of assets under management at the end of March. As Gary mentioned earlier, this brings our total AUM on a pro forma basis to more than $100 billion for the first time in Apollo's 22-year history, a significant milestone that we're very proud of.
 The acquisition reinforces our positioning as one of the world's leading and most diverse credit managers, adding significant scale and several new credit product capabilities to our platform, including high-yield bonds and long/short credit products in addition to an expanded investor base. 
 Since the April announcement, the integration of Stone Tower team is well underway with our capital markets group. And together, they are working side-by-side as one business that is now the largest and fastest-growing segment at Apollo with more than $55 billion of AUM.
 Turning now to our Private Equity funds and their underlying investments. Overall valuations were up during the first quarter, appreciating on a combined basis of approximately 16%. The overall financial performance of our funds portfolio companies improved during the first quarter.
 Aggregate revenues of our Fund VI and Fund VII portfolio companies grew sequentially by an estimated 2% during the first quarter of 2012 compared to the fourth quarter of 2011, while EBITDA increased an estimated 20% on the same sequential basis.
 Looking at the trailing 12 months, we saw a stronger top line growth and more modest bottom line growth with aggregate portfolio revenues up by an estimated 9% and EBITDA up by an estimated 3% for the trailing 12 months ended March 2012 compared to the same period as of March 2011.
 Fund VI generated some realized carry during this quarter as of March 31, and was delivering a 10% gross and 9% net IRR since its inception in 2006. The total fair value of Fund VI investment portfolio was $10.8 billion as of the end of March, up 16% from $9.3 billion at the end of 2011.
 I want to highlight this performance considering that Fund VI is a vintage fund that deployed the majority of its capital in 2006 and 2007 before the ensuing financial crisis. Gene will provide more specific details surrounding Fund VI impact to our first quarter results later in the call.
 At the end of the quarter, Fund VII was generating a 35% gross and 25% net annual IRR since its inception in 2008. Total fair value of Fund VII investment portfolio was $12.1 billion as of March 31, 2012, up from $9.8 billion at the end of 2011.
 Moving on to realization activity within private equity. Our private equity funds continue to selectively monetize gains. As mentioned in my opening remarks, the current environment appears to be confirming the view that we're facing an uneven economic recovery, yet we've been able to demonstrate the ability to realize carry during the last 12 months while equity and credit markets fluctuated more broadly. During the first quarter of 2012, Fund VI sold a portion of its Noranda investment, and Fund VI and VII were able to sell certain credit investments. 
 Looking ahead, the realization cycle remains a focus for our deal teams. And barring any significant changes in the economic environment or sentiment, we are cautiously optimistic for the remainder of 2012 and beyond.
 One of the monetization tools that we've been able to use in the current environment is dividend recaps and other forms of capital structure optimization. For example, tomorrow, we expect to complete a dividend recapitalization for EVERTEC, one of our Fund VII portfolio company investments that was acquired in 2010. Six portfolio companies of the funds we manage now have registration statements on file for possible future IPOs. In addition, 2 of our larger portfolio companies, Caesars and Rexnord, successfully completed IPOs this year.
 Our funds did not sell shares in these IPOs, however, both of these offerings have subsequently traded well in the secondary market. Finally, dialogues with strategic buyers also continue, and we believe the current environment is healthy for those types of transactions since many strategic buyers continue to have large amounts of cash in their balance sheet. Furthermore, the acquisition of an efficiently managed target company can provide a strategic buyer with additional growth catalyst in a market environment where growth can otherwise be inherently slow.
 Regarding capital deployment within private equity, consistent with our value-oriented contrarian approach, we continue to find differentiated investment opportunities and our funds have put capital to work on a consistent pace over the past few quarters.
 During the first quarter, Fund VII invested approximately $1 billion, including $450 million for the Taminco acquisition and over $500 million in several potential distressed opportunities. 
 Funds managed by Apollo and a group of investors call, including Riverstone Holdings and Access Industries, previously announced an agreement to purchase the oil and gas exploration and production assets of El Paso Corporation for just over $7 billion.
 Both Fund VII and our natural resources fund are participating in the sizable transaction, which is subject to the closing of the merger between Kinder Morgan and El Paso and other customary closing conditions.
 In connection with the merger condition, Kinder Morgan recently announced its transaction with El Paso was approved by the Federal Trade Commission, which we expect will clear the way for an anticipated second quarter closing.
 Looking out our capital markets business. We believe that Europe remains an area full of long-term investment opportunities and a big focus for our capital markets team, where we are continuing to expand our investment capabilities and grow our presence on the ground.
 Our primary European mezzanine credit and nonperforming loan funds continue to generate strong risk adjusted returns since their inception. Recent mandates from 2 strategic investment accounts totaling over $1 billion are also beginning to deploy capital in European credit investment opportunities.
 Our first European nonperforming loan fund, which referred to as EPF I continues to make new investments. And during the first quarter of 2012, EPF I announced the acquisition of the Irish consumer credit card portfolio of Bank of America Europe Card Services, which includes more than 200,000 customer accounts.
 Following the acquisition of this business, EPF I will have investments in consumer loan servicing platforms in Ireland, Spain, Germany and Luxembourg with approximately 700 employees. We believe that this is an important long-term competitive advantage in the nonperforming loan business, where we've had an established presence investing since 2008 and see meaningful growth potential from where we are today.
 Historically, traditional bank loans in Europe comprise a much larger percent of total corporate lending relative to United States. However, given deleveraging, current loan activity in Europe has slowed materially in order to shore up bank balance sheets.
 Apollo is able to act as a solution provider in 2 distinct ways: Additional supply for loan demand via our European credit fund and other pools of capital such as managed accounts and purchasing noncore assets from banks via our nonperforming loan platform. We believe that our advantages in Europe, including having a well-established presence in select countries, where we are seen as good partners for sellers, and believe there is a significant opportunity for us considering our successful track record, the long-dated capital to deploy and the servicing platforms that continue to be built and of course, our team.
 We believe that the secular changes taking place in Europe are still in the early stages, but we are well positioned to capitalize on what we believe is a structural long-term investment opportunity that will take a number of years to play out.
 Finally, I'd also like to mention that we continue to grow our position as a leading player in the senior credits markets, which is the largest component of our capital markets business. During the first quarter, we issued a new CLO totaling $437 million, and following the acquisition of Stone tower and Gulf Stream, we now manage 25 CLOs and one of the largest CLO managers in the United States.
 Our Real Estate segment has more than $8 billion of assets under management as of the end of March and will remain active in the world through a variety of real estate investment vehicles. For example, during the first quarter, our U.S. real estate opportunity fund completed the acquisition of the Novotel New York, Times Square hotel in partnership with Chartres Lodging Group. Our debt-oriented real estate funds and investment vehicles continue to target real estate-related loans and securities in the United States, including opportunities in mezzanine loans and both commercial and residential mortgage-backed securities.
 We are also actively deploying capital from our strategic investment account into debt-oriented real estate investments. During the first quarter, we also deployed capital in Europe in connection with our partnership with Ivanhoe Cambridge and Residential Land, whereby we're targeting the London multifamily residential market, and through which we've recently acquired 4 high-quality prime London assets.
 Turning to fund raising. We are pleased with the level of capital that has been raised thus far this year across all of our business segments. During the first quarter, following our recent $3 billion Texas Teachers mandate, we finalized another strategic partnership for $600 million with a large city pension fund. This is a global credit mandate and we believe a further testament to Apollo's position as the leading global manager of alternative credit with a highly diversified product suite.
 Looking at funds that are currently in fund raising as of last week, we've closed on approximately $800 million of total investment commitments in our natural resource fund and our second European nonperforming loan fund, EPF II, has closed an approximately $1.5 billion to date, over $900 million of which was committed to in the second quarter of this year.
 Subsequent to the end of the first quarter, we held the final close for our first U.S. real estate opportunity fund or more formally referred to as AGRE U.S. Real Estate Fund, bringing its total potential commitments to over $700 million.
 Finally, I would like to discuss our managing partners' employment agreements that are expiring this July. Apollo is led, of course, by our managing partners, Leon Black, Josh Harris and Marc Rowan. We each entered into 5-year employment agreements in connection with the private offering transactions that took place in 2007. These agreements were signed at the time of Apollo's reorganization into its currently publicly traded partnership structure.
 Leon, Marc and Josh have been and are completely focused on and engaged in the business and our expectation is that they will continue to be going forward. It's also worth noting that the 3 of them collectively own approximately 55% of our Apollo's fully diluted shares. And as we have been saying, their interests are aligned with shareholders and their primary focus is to grow long-term shareholder value.
 Our dialogue has centered around 2 key topics. First, given their active, ongoing involvement with the firm, are employment contracts necessary? And secondly, whether incremental compensation should be considered.
 Our thought process in addressing this latter point will be guided by 2 fundamental principles. One is to maintain the strong alignment of interest with shareholders. And the second is that any incremental compensation should generally be in the form of restricted equity.
 In summary, we're very pleased with our performance in the first quarter of 2012 and we remain optimistic while navigating the uncertain market environment ahead of us. Apollo continues to identify and execute on opportunities that leverage our existing platform and expand into areas that we believe have meaningful synergies with our core business.
 With that, I'll turn things over to Gene. 
Gene Donnelly: Good morning, everybody. I'm going to cover 5 years before we move to your questions. The 5 areas are: The quarterly distribution and the related outlook for the balance of the year, the performance of our management and incentive businesses, total AUM and fee-generating AUM, the financial impact of the Stone Tower acquisition and finally, some key amounts from our balance sheet.
 Starting with our distribution. The $0.25 per share for the first quarter comprises a $0.07 regular distribution and the remaining $0.18 was largely driven by realized carry from our incentive business. The $0.18 includes approximately $0.10 associated with the recurring portion of our realized carry from interest and dividend income generated during the first quarter and the balance coming from realizations from the sale of equity and debt investments, along with proceeds that had been previously undistributed.
 I'd like to repeat the guidance that we provided on our last earnings call as it relates to quarterly distributions. It's difficult for us to predict the timing of future realizations and their resulting impact on future declared amounts. But as we continue to analyze the business in 2012, and the more stable portion of our realized carry, we think it's reasonable to expect a base distribution of $0.07 and another $0.05 to $0.10 from the recurring interest and dividend income generated by our funds and that's based on the current market environment and the composition of our investment portfolio.
 Portfolio company sales and other realization events can further benefit or otherwise change our future distributions. And our distributions are subject to our funds meeting their respective priority returns and their ability to distribute carry to Apollo for the terms and conditions of the respective fund agreements. Of course, there can be no assurance that any distributions will be paid in future periods.
 Looking at our management business. We saw improved profitability during the first quarter of 2012 with $35 million of ENI, which compares favorably to ENI of $28 million and $15 million during the prior fourth and first quarters of 2011. The improvement in profitability comes from our continued efforts to scale our existing platform and ongoing cost savings initiatives. Since our IPO, we have continued to demonstrate an ability to effectively leverage our platform with increased management business profitability.
 Compensation expense in the management business increased from $66 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 to $84 million in the first quarter of 2012 and was impacted by the higher headcount and compensation expenses in our capital markets segment. There was also $21 million of incentive pool compensation in the first quarter of 2012 that was recorded as profit-sharing expense, which was consistent with the $21 million of incentive pool compensation in the fourth quarter of 2011. As a reminder, amounts determined under our incentive pool arrangement contain both a fixed and discretionary component and may vary quarter-to-quarter depending upon the overall realized performance of Apollo and the contributions and performance of each participant.
 Noncompensation expenses were $53 million during the quarter compared to $65 million during the fourth quarter of 2011, which was largely driven by lower professional fees. During the fourth quarter of 2011, we also experienced higher legal and consulting expenses, including amounts related to nonrecurring events, such as the Gulf Stream and Stone Tower transactions.
 Other income in our management business improved slightly, which was benefited by approximately $3 million in foreign exchange gains. The U.S. dollar is the functional currency for most of our international locations, and strengthening of the euro and pound sterling relative to the U.S. dollar during the first quarter drove the majority of these gains.
 I'd like to now turn to our incentive business, where we report a more variable financial results, including carried interest income and profit-sharing expense. Our private equity segment generated $448 million of total carried interest income during the first quarter. Of this amount, Fund VI carry includes approximately $90 million of realized carry and $34 million of unrealized carry, which was driven by the combined appreciation of the underlying Fund VI investments and was broad-based across multiple equity and debt holdings, including our investments in CEVA Logistics, Lyondell, Noranda Aluminum, Norwegian Cruise Lines, Realogy and Rexnord. 
 For cash carry purposes, Fund VI is slightly above its priority return and it met all the fund requirements, allowing it to record the $90 million of realized carry. The $34 million of unrealized carry relates to the reduction in the general partner obligation during the first quarter.
 As of March 31, 2012, an additional $85 million of fund appreciation, that's less than 1% of the current fair value of Fund VI investments, is needed to fully reverse the remaining $41 million general partner obligation. After which, we estimate that the next $873 million of appreciation in Fund VI will result in our earning unrealized carry on an 80-20 catch-up basis, whereby each additional $1 of appreciation results in $0.80 of unrealized carry.
 Turning to Fund VII. Total carried interest income from our most recent private equity fund includes approximately $25 million of realized carry and $288 million of unrealized carry. After adjusting for purchases and sales, Fund VII appreciated by approximately 15% during the quarter, which was driven by investments in Lyondell, Charter and certain of our distressed credit positions.
 The appreciation in both Fund VII and Fund VI was driven in part by our significant equity position in Lyondell, which appreciated 34% during the first quarter. As of March 31, 2012, Apollo entities held a combined 171 million shares of Lyondell, which includes approximately 106 million shares held by Fund VII, 20 million shares held by Fund VI and the balance held across 4 of our other funds.
 Our Capital Markets funds generated an additional 184 million of total carried interest income, 36 million of which was realized. Our senior credit funds included our credit opportunity funds, COF I and II, continue to generate the majority of the carry in our capital market segments.  COF I and II were formed in 2008 and principally invested in senior secured debt instruments, including bank loans and bonds, as well as a variety of other public and private debt instruments.
 Our incentive business results also include the unrealized gains and losses generated by our balance sheet investments, which appreciated during the first quarter resulting in approximately $52 million of additional income.
 Apollo's total AUM as of March 31, 2012, was $86 billion, which excludes $19 billion from the Stone Tower acquisition that closed in April. During the first quarter of 2012, we added $3 billion of AUM from TRS and $600 million for the new strategic managed account that was discussed earlier.
 In addition to these amounts, there was another $400 million of newly raised AUM across other capital markets funds and investment vehicles, and more than $300 million was raised in our private equity-style real estate funds.
 As of March 31, 2012, there was also approximately $10 billion of AUM related to the Athene Life Reinsurance platform. This amount includes approximately $3 billion of AUM managed directly by Apollo in other capital markets and real estate funds. For the remaining $7 billion, we provide asset allocation and related services, which includes approximately $1.4 billion of assets under administration that is expected to run off over the next 12 months.
 As mentioned earlier, we recently closed on an additional $947 million of commitments to EPF II, which will flow into our AUM during the second quarter, bringing total amounts raised to date for EPF II to approximately $1.5 billion through the end of April.
 It's important to note that in connection with the significant amount of capital recently raised for EPF II and based on commitments to date, we do expect to incur additional placement fees of approximately $13 million in the second quarter.
 A few words on the Stone Power acquisition, which was finalized for total cash consideration of approximately $120 million and future payments that are continued upon whether incentive revenue targets are met. As Marc mentioned earlier, the integration of the Stone Tower is well underway within our capital markets group. As of March 31, 2012, Stone Tower had approximately $18.7 billion and $16.4 billion of total and fee-generating AUM, respectively. Approximately $5.1 billion of fee-generating AUM is expected to run off over the next 12 to 18 months. Stone Tower's weighted average management fee is approximately 50 bps.
 We anticipate that our management business results will be impacted for the remainder of the year by approximately $12 million in one-time integration cost. However, when you include the incentive business, we expect the acquisition to be ultimately accretive to Apollo in both 2012 and beyond.
 Our management fee revenue as a percentage of average fee generating AUM is trending lower as we continue to grow in capital markets and in particular add CLO investments to our senior credit portfolio, as well as additional assets added to the Athene platform that are not directly managed through other Apollo funds and investment vehicles.
 Finally, looking at our balance sheet at the end of March, we had $641 million of cash, which is expected to decline in the second quarter by approximately $170 million as we funded the Stone Tower acquisition and our $50 million investment in AINV. Our carried interest receivable increased to $1.4 billion, and after offsetting the corresponding profit-sharing payable, we have a net carried interest receivable of $801 million as of March 31. 
 Apollo's investments in its private equity, capital markets and real estate funds were approximately $425 million, which excludes consolidated VIEs and AAA. Our debt holdings remain constant at $738 million at the end of March. 
 With that, we'll open up your lines for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. 
Kenneth Worthington: Maybe first on Fund VI. Is it possible to give us a little more information on those contractual requirements that you highlighted in the press release? What are those? And how have they affected, I guess, kind of when and how you entered that 80-20 catch-up phase, if any at all? 
Gene Donnelly: Ken, this is Gene. I'm happy to take that up offline. There's a lot of complexity there. But on a very simplified basis, once we cross that 8% threshold, as a general rule, we're in that 80-20 accelerated catch-up distribution. So there [indiscernible] technicalities here and we're happy to take them up offline. 
Kenneth Worthington: Okay, I'll follow up after. Then maybe just moving to Athene. Obviously, Athene has had some great success over the last year. As you look forward, how do you see the potential growth from here? And on that $1.4 billion of AUA rolling off, what is the nature of that $1.4 billion? And does that -- does it get replaced? What kind of happens with those dollars? 
Gary Stein: Kenneth, this is Gary. The $1.4 billion of that we referenced during Gene's remarks isn't run off, it's under -- it's in administration and it will just -- will run off over the next 12 months, will not necessarily be replaced. And it does -- as we're managing under administration through Athene, it does earn a very low management fee that you would expect consistent with the administration-type services. 
Kenneth Worthington: And then on the -- just the broad outlook of Athene going forward, obviously, you've had some great success over the last year with the big increase in the fee-earning AUM. How does the growth prospects look there? And it seems like a nice source of growth for you. Does that start to slow down going forward? Is there a reason for it to remain consistent? Or I don't know, could it even accelerate from here? 
Marc Spilker: Kenneth, I would say it's hard to predict. The 2 constraints are obviously the capital base associated with Athene and the capital investment opportunities. And so just playing those 2 things off versus each other, they've built a very nice portfolio. And I guess my sense is that there's growth on a go-forward basis but it's very hard to predict the size of it. 
Kenneth Worthington: Not to beat a dead horse on Athene, but you don't manage all the assets. Are there opportunities to actually take -- have more of the Athene asset base actually managed by Apollo products? Is there a potential growth for APO in that theme over time? 
Marc Spilker: The answer is probably yes. At some point, there's an upper bound to how much of the assets we'll manage. But it's really about performance, and if we perform well and we make money for Athene, then there's chance for growth as a percentage of those assets. 
Kenneth Worthington: And then just maybe lastly, we haven't talked about Fund VIII for a while. Just what are your thoughts on the future for Fund VIII in terms of, I don't know, it could be way too soon to ask. But just like size, timing of capital raises, just any updated information there. 
Marc Spilker: So on Fund VIII, I'll start with, you see the capital deployment going on in Fund VII, which puts us on pace to probably launch Fund VIII later this year with a closing sometime in '13. And it's far too early to have a sense of any of the specifics around Fund VIII other than when we'll launch it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marc Irizarry with Goldman Sachs. 
Marc Irizarry: Marc, can you just talk a little bit about where you're seeing the most LP traction these days? And maybe as you think about the -- some of the strategic accounts, what's sort of the outlook going forward looks like from that perspective? And also geographically, how are you sort of fairing on building out your geographical dispersion of your LP base? 
Marc Spilker: Yes. So traction is really what we've been talking about, which is natural resources and Europe. And so we continue to highlight those as our 2 largest opportunities. And you can see that both in the dialogue with LPs, the funds that we're raising and growing out our teams. On the strategic accounts, we have obviously had a lot of success in the last 6 or 8 months. We started talking about this 1 year or 18 months ago. And so I'll say 2 things about those. One is that we continue to see opportunities to enter into partnerships at the strategic level. But where we are now is having raised a lot of money, very focused on investing it, investing it well. So I think the pace of that has slowed a little bit. And obviously, you see some of the names of the people that we've done it with and you see some of the sizes. And it's hard to imagine that we're at a sustainable pace. So my expectation is that will slow, which is fine because we want to make sure that we consolidate the money and we manage it well. And then on the LP base, it's rounding out and we still certainly have some work to do over the next handful of years of growing our footprint in Europe and Asia. But if you look back say, 5, 6 years ago versus where we are now, it was probably 80/20. And it's probably now closer to 60/40 in terms of U.S. versus international. So I think we've made quite good progress there. And I say the good news is that our U.S. -- the business is growing and our international business is growing, but the international business is growing slightly quicker. 
Marc Irizarry: And then just in terms of the new agreement with the -- the new founders' agreement. When -- I might have missed this, but when do you think the -- you'll have something sort of on the table in terms of resolution of this? 
Marc Spilker: Well, I'm just going to refer back to what I said, which is to really point to -- a dialogue is obviously underway but what's more important are the guiding principles, which is to continue the alignment of interest. And the -- any additional compensation, should it come, would be in the form of equity and I left my opening remarks there specifically. And so I can't say eminently when I would be able to come back with something. But I just want to reiterate, which I think is the most important point, which is Marc, Josh and Leon come to the office everyday. They're working as they always have been and that's our expectation. And I think that, that's really the most important element. 
Marc Irizarry: And then, Gene, just on the placement -- X the placement fees, you have what looks like a good amount of AUM that's not currently generating fees. How would you sort of characterize the margin, the fee-related margin of that AUM? I mean, as you start to draw down on some of that AUM that's not fee-earning, should we expect to see a little more profitability in the management fee business? 
Gene Donnelly: Well, Marc, as we commented, there's been a downward trend in the revenue yield at the management company on new AUM and that it makes sense given that a significant part of the AUM growth has been in capital markets. And the market rates for management fees are lower than our historic averages. As we look at our capital raised for the balance of the year, EPS has a very healthy management fee rate, more like 1.75% management fee. So as that money starts to come in, we should see a slight uptick. But that has to be balanced-out with the significant growth in AUM that we've realized to date through the Gulf Stream and Stone Tower acquisitions, which were largely comprised of CLOs, which as you know, have a 35-, 40-bp average management fee. 
Marc Irizarry: I'm sorry, if I could just ask the question a little bit different way, when you look at the expense base of the business right now, it looks like some of the line items in G&A occupancy are sort of flat to down somewhat. So is there just inherently some lag? Are you seeing -- should you see even a little lower fee rates, should you see some operating leverage there over some of the fixed costs? 
Gene Donnelly: I think you are exactly right. You are seeing that. And I commented in my prepared remarks that we are generating leverage and efficiencies, economies of scale taking advantage of the platform that's been built. I think it's important to note that with the additional capital markets AUM, that's a more complex group of AUM than say, a large private equity fund. And so the cost to administer, all things being equal, back office, middle office, are higher. So there's been a tremendous successful transition over the last 2 years in the platform to allow us to leverage on a cost-effective basis the substantial AUM growth in Capital Markets given the lower fees. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier of Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Carrier: Just on the fundraising side. So you've been pretty active both on the core products and then also on the deal front. But when we look out for the remainder of this year, if we look at nat resources, [indiscernible], real estate, the EPF II, besides that, anything else on the credit side? I guess you could have more CLOs. But just anything in addition to what you've already done over the past 6 to 12 months? Because it seems like a lot of the products are -- you've already raised the capital. Now it's going to be focused on putting it to work, but just want to make sure I'm not missing anything. 
Marc Spilker: Yes, I would frame it as we have opportunity funds and yield funds. And what we're undertaking in our capital markets business is to create a platform where we have open-for-sale products every day. And so when you look at the senior loan business and when you look at the European platform that we're building, the way I have framed Europe, this is a long-term secular opportunity. We're trying to build a business where there are going to be many credit opportunities and I think that that's a place that we'll have ongoing fundraising potentials. And then the senior loan business, we're one of the largest in the industry. And as we build out the platform -- Gene talked about one side of it. The other side is that with the acquisitions we've made and our organic build, we're building a pretty diverse platform with a lot of investment capabilities and there will be many opportunities there. And then on the real estate debt side, that's another place where we see ongoing opportunities to raise money, particularly in separate account form. So we think there's a healthy mix of the kinds of things we've been talking about with the changing business mix of the organization. 
Michael Carrier: Okay, that's helpful. Then maybe just on the capital markets business. It looks like the ENI is a bit light and so -- and I'm just saying on the management part of the business. So when you start to scale up some of those businesses, should we see that expand? Because it's a little bit, I'd say, blurry right now because of the deals. So it's trying to figure out if like costs are a little bit elevated, as some of these things are coming in. And if we start looking over the next couple of quarters, should we start to see that management-related ENI expand as the scale picks up? 
Gene Donnelly: Hi, this is Gene. I think that is a reasonable expectation. When you look at the first quarter, you may be aware that we had a substantial restructuring of our private debt platform, the BDC, AINV. And there was some one-time cost that we incurred in the first quarter in connection with that. So I think if you adjust for that, roughly $3 million or $4 million, I think you'll see that there is that positive trajectory. And that should continue for the balance of the year. 
Michael Carrier: And then just last one on the distribution and the realization outlook and a commentary is helpful just in terms of a breakdown. But I think when you guys look at your portfolio and you think of what the options are and you mentioned some of the IPOs have been filed and then secondaries and then just the normal realizations from interest income. When you look at where your investments are because the performance has been very strong, like are you at a point where you are willing -- meaning are there investments getting to points where you're willing to make the exits? Or is this still a chunk of the portfolio where you feel like you're still maybe in the seventh inning where you think the actual potential is? 
Marc Spilker: Yes, I'll start by saying the obvious, which is we'll undertake to sell things when we think they're right to be sold, which is the most important thing. Having said that, we continue to say that the deal teams are very, very focused on realizations, both because we see sensible macro conditions. And at the idiosyncratic level, there are certain things that we think are ready. And dialogue, so there's lots of activity and there's some very, very good strategic dialogues that are in very, very -- that are very advanced. But that doesn't mean it will get across the line. Sometimes we get to advance stage and it breaks down. And sometimes, we get in advanced stage and it goes through. But there are a handful of situations that we're working on and it's a big focus. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
M. Patrick Davitt: So you mentioned the El Paso transaction moving along. Given the size of committed capital in the natural resources fund is only around $500 million relative to the size of that transaction, I imagine it could take up a fairly significant amount of it, although you did say it sharing with another fund. So are there already preparations, I guess, for a successor fund there if that transaction is going to take up a large slug of that committed capital? 
Marc Spilker: The way we think about it is each fund will size its investment relative to what's sensible for that fund and we have concentration guidance and all that. So natural resources, I said, we'll be an investor in that. And I won't get into the breakdown now but just to say, it will be a sensible amount relative to the size of where we think that fund will be, and Fund VII will be the larger investor in that. 
M. Patrick Davitt: And on the real estate side of things, you mentioned the final close in the second quarter. Can you give us an idea of, I guess, the pipeline of transactions you're seeing there, what kind of check sizes we could be talking about as we think about, I guess, timeline of putting that fund to work? 
Marc Spilker: Well, the fund, we said, total commitment is up to $700 million. And like every fund, there will be a sensible amount per deal amount. And there's been a handful of transactions. And so we're well underway on investing that capital. It's very hard -- I mean, there's a pipeline that looks interesting, but it's very hard to know what will get across the line. 
M. Patrick Davitt: And if I -- I think I remember correctly that these kind of strategic accounts with people like TRS are included in total AUM but only included in fee-paying AUM as put to work. Could you give us an idea of what percentage of those strategic headcounts have been invested at this point? 
Marc Spilker: At this point, I'd say, for the most part, that capital is still sitting in total AUM and not yet in fee AUM. I'd say, we're not going to go through each quarter how much we've put to work with each specific fund and where it's been deployed. But just to give you the headline numbers of the $3 billion from TRS and the $600 million from this other strategic account, I'd say the vast majority of that is still uninvested. We only closed on TRS right before the end of the quarter and the other account was closed during the midst of the quarter. So the vast majority of that capital is still available to be put to work and I would say, nearly -- probably nearly $3.5 billion of that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jacob Troutman with the KBW. 
Jacob Troutman: We appreciate the color on the comp agreement. It's very helpful. But taking a step further, in trying to think about, what were total gross distributable earnings for the quarter? And looking forward, how could the compo plan affect that? So the amortization is now in ENI. So I assume that any future insider grants would reduce ENI but not distributable earnings until those options vest. Is that right? 
Gene Donnelly: Well, again, I think we're jumping ahead here. We do exclude from ENI the amortization of the 2007 grants. And we include the amortization of all subsequent grants. So bonus grants, et cetera. So I think you'll have to stay tuned and follow Marc's guidance from his earlier comments and let's see what comes out of the discussions with the founders before we conclude on the impact on ENI and DNI. 
Jacob Troutman: And just thinking about it, so you paid a $0.25 distribution. On the 385 million shares outstanding, so that's roughly $95 million, $96 million in distributions. Do you have any guidance on what the gross amount available to be distributed was? 
Gene Donnelly: Is the question, what was our DNI? 
Jacob Troutman: Or the total gross distributable earnings. So if I think about it, the $0.25 x the 385 million fully diluted shares outstanding, that's about $96 million in distributions paid. Does that -- what kind of payout ratio does that $96 million represent? 
Gene Donnelly: Our distribution policy, which I think we've covered multiple times is that we distribute quarterly substantially all free cash flow other than what we believe we need to manage the business. So the distribution of $0.25 in the first quarter was consistent with that philosophy. I'd also point out that about $0.05 of that was earned in prior quarters, but was an escrow in Fund VI. And we covered that in detail on the prior earnings call. 
Marc Spilker: Yes, and also just one other thing to point out, you mentioned 385 million shares eligible for dividends, I'd like to point out, there's a footnote on the bottom of Page 21 of our press release that talks about incremental 5.3 million shares that are not included in that diluted share count that are eligible for dividend. So that share count that would be dividend eligible is closer to 390 million, which I think will then change your gross amount by a fair bit. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Alex Kramm with UBS. 
Alex Kramm: Just a couple of follow-ups here. Most of the things have been answered. But in terms of the LP fundraising environment, I think you answered some of this earlier. But since one of your peers has been public and talked a lot about the small fund benefit, I'm just wondering what you're hearing from the LPs when it comes to appetite for maybe sector funds or more focused funds? I mean, obviously, you have different segments, in natural resources you have some specific funds, but are there any other things that you're thinking about or at least the appetite that you're hearing from the LPs? 
Marc Spilker: We haven't seen a big shift. I mean, we see a lot of appetite in places where we have expertise and we have capabilities. So it's less about changing appetite for sectors and all those kinds of things but the ongoing desire for returns. And if you're platform has the ability to deliver those returns, that's driving the dialogue. And given where we see the opportunities, we continue to talk about natural resources, we continue to talk about Europe and there's a lot and that's the majority of our dialogue. We also include opportunity in India and that's where we see a lot of the dialogue with our LPs. And we have not seen a big shift over the past few months on that. 
Alex Kramm: And then moving on to maybe your own M&A from a GP perspective, I don't think you've talked about this at all so far in the call. But obviously, with Stone Tower and Gulf Stream, you've been pretty active since the IPO. Do you still see a pretty healthy pipeline out there? And is it still mostly around credit? Or are there other platforms that are approaching and they're saying we could really benefit from you guys taking us to the next level and what do you think the timing could be? We see some more in 2012? Or what's the appetite? 
Marc Spilker: Yes, I'll just state the general principles, which is we have an ongoing -- we see big opportunities. We believe that we can grow our platform. And we'll do so organically or with acquisitions that make sense. The acquisitions have a high bar, and we've talked about this in the past, which is it needs to be on strategy, it needs to be financially sensible and there needs to be a culture that is consistent with the way we do things. And those are the elements that were really present in the 2 acquisitions that we made. Also, as I think most people could see, that consolidation is happening in the industry. And so there are many, many dialogues all over the place and we remain open to it. And then the last thing I'll say that we want to get our platform right. We want to integrate our 2 acquisitions well. And there's a high premium on getting those things well, culturally and from an expense point of view and from an efficiency point of view, and so we don't want to bite off more than we could chew. And so right now we're very focused on integration. And as we get through that and then we'll see where it goes. And so I don't see anything in the eminent pipeline but that could always change. 
Alex Kramm: And then just lastly. On the managed accounts, you said the pace is probably slowing a little bit here after the TRS win and the other one you talked about. But can you maybe just step back for a second and just give us a flavor of how big the opportunity really is? I mean, is this really just the really large pension funds and the solvents or do you think that the audience is actually much larger than we could probably see right now? Maybe you include like larger, like managed retail products and things like that? 
Marc Spilker: I think the opportunity is much larger. And this really speaks to the secular opportunity for Apollo, which is the way in which we do private equity and the way in which we do credit, unconstrained alternative returns that there's a lot of appetite institutionally, both big and small, and in retail to allocate more capital to those segments. So we look at our firm and we're quite proud of the growth and we're quite proud of our performance. But we still think of us as small relative to the overall size of the opportunity given the structural changes that are going on in the credit environment. And so what we want to be very focused on is execution risk of making sure we're building a platform that in a way that delivers the same kind of returns that we have historically and has plenty of room for growth on a go-forward basis in an efficient way.
 And that I'll end. Thank you very much, everybody. 
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-10 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Apollo Global Management's Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Stein, Head of Corporate Communications. 
Gary Stein: Thanks, operator, and welcome, everyone, to Apollo Global Management's Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me today from Apollo are Marc Spilker, President; and Gene Donnelly, Chief Financial Officer. 
 Earlier this morning, we reported GAAP net income per share, per basic and diluted Class A share, of $0.05 for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2011, and a GAAP net loss per basic and diluted Class A share of $4.18 for the year ended December 31, 2011. For our combined segment results, we also reported non-GAAP after-tax economic net income of $0.80 per share for the fourth quarter of 2011 and an $0.86 loss per share for the full year ending December 31, 2011. Total assets under management, or AUM, was $75 billion, and fee-generating AUM was $58 billion as of the end of December 2011.  Based in large part on our strong realized carry performance in the fourth quarter, we declared a cash distribution of $0.46 per share this quarter, bringing our full year distribution total to $1.12 per share. 
 I'd like to remind everyone that today's call may include forward-looking statements representing management's beliefs on future events, which can be uncertain in nature and outside of our control. Actual results and financial conditions may differ possibly materially from the anticipated results and financial position indicated in any such forward-looking statements, and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements. 
 We will also be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on this call such as economic net income and after-tax economic net income per share, which are reconciled to our GAAP net income or loss attributable to Class A shareholders and GAAP-weighted average Class A shares outstanding. These reconciliations are included in our current press release, a copy of which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.agm.com. Please also refer to our most recently amended registration statement that was filed with the SEC for cautionary factors surrounding forward-looking statements, additional information on non-GAAP measures and risk factors relating to our business. 
 This conference call is copyrighted property and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without our consent. If you have any questions about any information in the release or on this call, please feel free to follow up with myself or Patrick Parmentier after the call. 
 With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Marc Spilker, President of Apollo Global Management. 
Marc Spilker: Thanks, Gary, and welcome, everyone, to our 2011 fourth quarter year-end earnings call. Looking across the business, there were many positive events during the fourth quarter that I'll be touching on: the announced Stone Tower merger with our capital markets platform; fund-raising success, including our strategic partnership with the Teacher Retirement System of Texas; organic growth across our segments that target specific investment opportunities such as Europe and natural resources; significant deployment and realization activity within our funds; and a large fourth quarter and full year distribution driven by realized investment gains across the Apollo platform. We achieved all of this in just one quarter. As you know, we had similar accomplishments throughout the entire year as we have highlighted on prior earnings calls. Collectively, the milestones we reached in 2011 have provided us with positive momentum going into 2012. 
 As Gary mentioned, we declared a fourth quarter distribution of $0.46 per share, bringing our full year distribution to $1.12 per share, which was based on the strong realized carry results we had in our investment platform. The realizations during the fourth quarter include a special dividend from LyondellBasell; portfolio company sales, including Connections Education and Parallel Petroleum; and lastly, the recurring interest and dividend income generated by investments in multiple private equity and capital markets funds. Later during our call, Gene will provide additional details on the distribution. 
 Importantly, the realizations that drive our quarterly distributions demonstrate our ability to deliver returns to our fund limited partners and shareholders, particularly during challenging market environments. Although unrealized values may fluctuate as we have seen through the year, the longer-dated capital we manage gives us greater flexibility in choosing a negative point that maximizes the value of an investment. 
 Turning to our capital markets segment, there are multiple achievements to cover, the largest being the Stone Tower transaction. In December, we announced an agreement to merge Stone Tower Capital into Apollo's capital markets business. The close of this transaction is subject to certain conditions. The merger will significantly increase our capital markets' AUM to approximately $50 billion on a pro forma basis, making capital markets Apollo's largest business segment upon closing based upon AUM. Stone Tower reinforces our positioning as one of the world's largest and most diverse credit managers, adding significant scale and several new credit product capabilities to our platform, including high-yield bonds and long/short credit products. The transaction is consistent with our strategy to expand the depth and breadth of our global integrated investment platform and meet the growing secular demand for comprehensive alternative investment solutions in credit. 
 At the end of December, Stone Tower managed approximately $18 billion of alternative credit assets across a variety of corporate credit funds through separately managed accounts, credit opportunity funds and CLOs, as well as structured credit funds. Approximately $5 billion of this AUM is expected to run off from shorter-term advisory contracts and funds with estimated remaining lives of 12 to 18 months or less. 
 Numbers aside, this transaction is about 2 firms with outstanding track records, similar cultures and a common investment philosophy: value-oriented, focused on preservation of capital and maximizing risk-adjusted returns. Jim Zelter, our head of capital markets, and Mike Levitt, the Stone Tower Founder and CEO, have known each other for a long time, and we look forward to combining our teams and working together with the goal of delivering best-in-class risk-adjusted returns to our expanded investor base. 
 Another important topic being discussed across the alternative space is Europe and the investment opportunities that exist as markets work through the structural and economic headwinds they're faced with. Our capital markets team has significant experience investing in Europe, and our primary European mezzanine credit and nonperforming loan funds have generated strong risk-adjusted returns since their inception. This track record has proved valuable in the current fund-raising environment. We recently raised the European credit fund with over $200 million of committed capital. It is interesting to note that we raised this fund through a U.S. high-net worth network of a leading global bank, and we will continue to build our presence in this distribution channel. We also recently launched our second European nonperforming loan fund, EPF II, and have already held the first close of approximately $200 million. As a reminder, our first European nonperforming loan fund raised nearly $2 billion. 
 We remain enthusiastic regarding the opportunities available to us in Europe and the European market.  Traditional banks in Europe comprise a much larger percentage of total corporate lending relative to the United States, yet loan activity in Europe has slowed materially in order to shore up bank balance sheets. We therefore are able to act as a solution provider in 2 distinct ways: additional supply for loan demand via our European credit fund and purchasing non-core assets from banks via our European nonperforming loan funds. Behind the scenes, we are working closely with existing and potential strategic managed accounts, including pensions and sovereign wealth funds around the world that want to deploy their capital in Europe to capitalize on the opportunities we see in front of us. 
 Regarding fund-raising in managed accounts, we announced in November our long-term strategic partnership with the Teacher Retirement System of Texas to manage $3 billion in commitments through various funds and customized investment programs across Apollo's integrated platform. I am happy to say that all the documentation relating to this partnership was finalized in January and the related capital being managed will begin to be deployed later this spring. 
 As we said before, strategic managed accounts come in multiple shapes and sizes. The overall appeal to institutions with these strategic arrangements is the ability to capitalize on our diverse investment skills and products to deliver strong returns while managing risk in a highly customized approach. We continue to have active dialogues with institutional investors around the world regarding these opportunities. 
 Our marketing team has also done well raising capital for specific vehicles. During 2011, we launched our dedicated private equity natural resource fund, which had approximately $560 million of committed capital at the end of December, in addition to EPF II and the European credit fund I mentioned earlier.
 Turning now to our private equity business and underlying portfolio company investments. We estimate that the aggregate revenues of Fund VI and Fund VII portfolio companies increased 16% during 2011 compared to 2010, while EBITDA grew at a more moderate pace of 13%. Looking at the comparable amounts in the fourth quarter of 2011 compared to 2010, the aggregate portfolio revenues grew at 16%, while EBITDA declined by 5%, which we believe shows the volatility our portfolio can experience quarter to quarter similar to the broader markets. 
 Overall, valuations were up during the fourth quarter, which led to $329 million of total carry revenue during that period. This amount does not include any carry from Fund VI, which, although profitable with a 6% gross and 5% net IRR since inception, was still below its 8% priority return as of the end of the year. Therefore, looking ahead, our ENI results could be more volatile with additional investment appreciation as we ultimately move into carry catch-up provision of Fund VI waterfall calculation. 
 As we have noted previously, unrealized values fluctuate quarter to quarter, but the long-term nature of the capital we manage gives us greater control over exit timing and price. Our financial results for 2011 highlighted this dynamic with a significant amount of realized carry we had during the latter half of the year, when unrealized values were the most volatile.
 There was a healthy amount of capital deployed by our private equity business during the fourth quarter, when equity markets were more depressed, with over $1.2 billion put to work. This includes more than $700 million, and it targets distressed debt opportunities around the world, and a $200 million add-on investment in LyondellBasell, which was required by Fund VII. 
 For the year, private equity funds deployed nearly $3.4 billion, helping us maintain a relatively constant deployment pace of approximately $900 million on average per quarter over the last 3 years. 
 Looking ahead to 2012, we recently announced the purchase by our private equity funds of Taminco, the world's largest producer of alkylamines and derivatives, for approximately $1.4 billion. Closing of this transaction is subject to antitrust approval and is expected to take place in the first quarter of 2012. 
 Turning to our real estate segment, we had over 800 -- $8 billion of assets under management at the end of December. We remain active around the world to a variety of investment vehicles. Our AGRE U.S. fund, we formed a joint venture with Driftwood Hospitality. Together, we will purchase renovated -- we will purchase, renovate and reposition full-service hotels in secondary markets through the U.S. To date, we have acquired 2 hotels to this venture. Separately also, AGRE U.S., we just announced the acquisition of the Novotel Hotel in New York's Times Square. In the U.S., we manage a variety of vehicles and invest in real estate-related loans and securities, and we continue to see attractive opportunities in mezzanine loans, both commercial and residential mortgage-backed securities.
 Real estate opportunities in Europe are developing at a slower pace relative to the U.S., but we're still able to selectively source attractive investments. We recently formed a partnership with Ivanhoe Cambridge and Residential Land to invest in London's multifamily residential market. And last week, we announced the initial acquisition of 4 high-end, quality, prime London assets. 
 I'd like to also cover 2 financial reporting items. First, we made a handful of financial disclosure enhancements that provide additional information within our earnings release and other regulatory filings. These enhancements include the disclosure of a non-GAAP after-tax net income amount per share with related reconciliations to our GAAP results and the inclusion of a fee-generating AUM roll-forward to complement our existing AUM roll-forward. We also modified our definition of net income, or ENI, which is more consistent with how we assess the performance of our segments. Later on in our call, Gene will walk through these enhancements in greater detail.  Big picture, we believe that greater transparency around our financial results is beneficial, particularly since we operate within an industry that is relatively new from a public standpoint. 
 Another item that I'd like to mention relates to the incentive-based plan that we adopted this past summer for our senior employees. For the participants covered by this plan, the arrangement allows for discretionary awards to be funded with carried interest realizations earned by Apollo, with the related portion of compensation expense now reflected in the incentive business. Gene will provide a few additional comments around the plan and the related impact on our fourth quarter results later in his prepared remarks. Overall, we think this arrangement is consistent with the core principles of our compensation philosophy, including alignment between compensation and firm performance.
 In summary, I am very pleased with what we've accomplished in 2011 despite the market volatility that was with us for most of the year: Apollo's IPO during the first quarter, as well as the IPOs of our Senior Floating Rate Fund, AFT, and Residential Mortgage REIT, AMTG, all of which are listed on the New York Stock Exchange; strategic acquisitions, including Stone Tower and Gulf Stream Asset Management, as well as our noncontrolling stake in the parent company of fund-to-fund manager, Lighthouse Partners; organic growth across our platform through the launch of new products, including our natural resources fund, the European credit fund and a second European nonperforming loan and our U.S. private equity real estate fund; the ability to find opportunistic investments off the beaten path that we believe we can deliver excellent risk-adjusted returns, such as the ramp-up of Athene Life Reinsurance platform; strategic managed account victories, including the recently announced partnership with TRS and large sovereign wealth fund focused on European credit opportunities. The list of 2011 accomplishments would go on for some time if we started to discuss our successful investment realizations and the capital deployed by our funds. But the bottom line is this: We have a clear vision of our strategic goals in light of the industry trends that are evolving within the alternative investment space and the global financial environment we're operating in. We have a flexible and diversified platform that is able to adopt quickly, and we believe the momentum gained from the accomplishments in 2011 leave us well positioned as we head into 2012 and beyond. 
 With that, I'd like to turn things over to Gene. 
Gene Donnelly: Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to cover the following items before we move on to your questions: the quarterly distribution and related outlook for 2012, Fund VI and its priority return, the Gulf Stream and Stone Tower acquisitions, total AUM and fee-generating AUM, new financial statement disclosures, the performance of our management business and key amounts on our balance sheet. 
 Starting with our distribution, the $0.46 per share in the fourth quarter comprises $0.07 of a regular distribution and $0.39 from our incentive business. Approximately $0.34 relates to the LyondellBasell special dividend and the sales of Connections Education and Parallel Petroleum. We estimate another $0.05 came from our incentive business due to the recurrent portion of our realized carry from interest and dividend income. 
 That $0.05 is lower than prior quarters as a result of Fund VI being below its priority return as of the end of the year. However, interest and dividend income was still earned by Fund VI during the fourth quarter, and Apollo will be eligible to record the related carry when Fund VI goes back above its priority return. 
 It's difficult for us to predict the timing of future realizations and the resulting impact on our quarterly distributions. But as we look to 2012 and a more stable portion of our realized carry, we think it's reasonable to expect a base distribution of $0.07 and another $0.05 to $0.10 from recurring interest and dividend income generated by our funds. The underlying interest and dividend income is subject to our funds continuing to hold the corresponding debt and equity investments, as well as the related portfolio companies continuing to declare their respective dividends. 
 Macro and industry-specific market conditions throughout 2012 will ultimately determine the number of IPOs, portfolio company sales and other realization events that our deal teams are able to execute, which could further benefit our future distributions. All realized gains are also subject to the ability of our funds to distribute carry to Apollo for the terms and conditions of the respective management agreements. 
 Let me now turn to Fund VI and its priority return.  The total value of Fund VI investment portfolio was $9.3 billion as of December 31, 2011, and approximately $1.6 billion of additional appreciation is needed to meet its 8% annual priority return threshold. When this level is met, we estimate that the next $860 million of appreciation will run through the accelerated 80-20 carry catch-up portion of Fund VI waterfall calculation, which would materially impact our incentive business C&I. This effect has occurred in the past. Fund VI went above its priority return during the fourth quarter of 2010 before dropping back below in the third quarter of 2011. During the fourth quarter of 2010, Fund VI had approximately $650 million of unrealized carry revenue largely as a result of its crossing through its 8% priority return during the same period. This highlights the volatility that our ENI results can experience when funds are valued near their priority returns, and the relationship between ENI and investment performance of the underlying portfolio can therefore be less correlated.
 Moving on to acquisitions, we are pleased to have closed on the Gulf Stream acquisition this past October, and the integration of our investment teams is largely complete and running smoothly as a combined business. Total consideration for Gulf Stream was approximately $38 million, and as mentioned on our prior call, we estimate the acquisition will be accretive to Apollo in 2012. As of the end of December, Gulf Stream had just over $3 billion of total and fee-generating AUM. 
 We expect to finalize the Stone Tower transaction in April subject to closing conditions, after which point we'll be in a better position to provide additional financial information around the purchase terms and outlook on our combined results. After the close of Stone Tower and the addition of its $18 billion of total AUM, we believe Apollo will rank as one of the top 5 managers of CLOs in the world. 
 In addition to these acquisitions, Apollo also added $4.9 billion of AUM due to an increase in assets managed for the Athene Life Reinsurance platform during the fourth quarter, bringing the total AUM that we manage for Athene to approximately $8.5 billion as of the end of December. This amount includes $2.5 billion of AUM managed directly by Apollo. For the remaining $6 billion, we provide asset allocation and related services that are sub-advised with third-party investment managers. 
 Looking at other fourth quarter AUM movements, subscriptions and capital raised included an additional $259 million of commitments to our natural resources fund, bringing its total AUM to $561 million as of the end of December, as well as $200 million for EPF II and $200 million for our European credit fund. Appreciation of our investments during the fourth quarter also led to $2.6 billion of additional AUM in our private equity and capital market segments, offset in part by $1.4 billion of fund distributions, including both returns of capital and realized gains to our fund investors. 
 Many of you will have noticed the new fee-generating AUM roll-forward in our quarterly earnings release, which provides more transparency around the AUM inflows and outflows impacting our fee-generating AUM and the resulting financial impact on our management business fee revenues. During the fourth quarter of 2011, the majority of the capital inflows discussed in our total AUM roll-forward also increased our fee-generating AUM.
 As Marc mentioned earlier, we made a handful of financial disclosure enhancements, including the disclosure of non-GAAP after-tax economic net income amount per share with related reconciliations to our GAAP results and the modifications to our definition of economic net income, or ENI. We believe both of these changes are more consistent with how we assess the performance of our segments. The largest change to our ENI definition was the inclusion of stock-based compensation expense associated with annual bonus grants, stock options and other new hire and merit-based awards. Stock-based compensation expense associated with the formation of Apollo Global Management, LLC and the related private placement in 2007 continues to be excluded from ENI. We are also now deducting the noncontrolling interest associated with certain of our capital markets management companies and adding back amortization of intangible assets. Both of these adjustments were largely offsetting in both 2011 and 2010. 
 To arrive at a tax ENI -- an after-tax ENI per share amount, we deduct a hypothetical income tax provision that assumes all income is allocated to Apollo Global Management, LLC, which would occur following exchange of all AOG units for Class A shares, and then divide the resulting after-tax C&I amount by the non-GAAP weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the respective period. All of this is also presented in the back of our earnings release.
 Turning to our management business results, we saw improved performance during the fourth quarter of 2011, with $28 million of ENI, which compares favorably to $11 million of ENI for the third quarter of 2011 after adjusting for $8 million of nonrecurring fund IPO costs. The $28 million of ENI during the fourth quarter of 2011 also compares favorably to the $8 million of the ENI during the fourth quarter of 2010 after adjusting for $119 million of nonrecurring gains. 
 These improvements are largely the result of stable growth in our management fees, combined with the new compensation plan that we adopted this past summer. As Marc mentioned, certain partisan employees received discretionary compensation based on carried interest realizations earned during the year. Approximately $35 million was paid out to our employees and partners under this new plan in 2011 and is reflected in profit share expense, $21 million relating to the fourth quarter.
 Amounts determined under this arrangement may contain both a fixed and discretionary component and may vary year to year depending upon the overall realized performance of Apollo and the contributions of performance of each participant. We believe this plan will attract, retain and provide incentive to partners and employees as well as more closely align our overall compensation with the overall realized performance of Apollo. There is no assurance that we will continue to compensate individuals through performance-based incentive arrangements in the future, and there may be periods when the executive committee or the company manager determines that allocations of realized carried interest income are not sufficient to compensate individuals, which may result in an increase in salary, bonus and benefits expense at our management company.  Looking at other non-compensation expenses, there was a $15 million increase in professional fees that was largely driven by legal and consulting expenses, including amounts related to nonrecurring events such as Gulf Stream and the Stone Tower transactions. 
 Finally, regarding our balance sheet as of the end of December, we had $739 million of cash, which decreased by $70 million since the end of September largely related to the Gulf Stream acquisition and funding of additional balance sheet investments. We had a carried interest receivable of $869 million, offset by a profit-sharing payable of $353 million, resulting in a net carried interest receivable of $516 million. Apollo's investments in its private equity capital markets and real estate funds were approximately $353 million, excluding consolidated VIEs and funds that we don't have direct ownership in. Our debt held constant from the previous quarter at $739 million. 
 With that, we'll open up the lines for your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Michael Carrier with Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Carrier: First, maybe just on the returns in the quarter and then the outlook. So not focusing too much on any particular quarter, just given how the mark-to-market works, but I think last quarter, as we were in through the reporting season, you guys just gave an update on if things were marked in this environment versus quarter end, where things would stand. And I think probably more importantly, just when you think about on the private side, when you look at how you value those parts of the business, given some of the things that have occurred over the past couple of months versus the fall, whether some of the better macro data, the markets, just what your view is on any changes and assumptions as we go through 2012. 
Marc Spilker: When you say assumptions, you mean the valuation process or... 
Michael Carrier: Right. I think when the public markets move pretty erratically, whether it was in the fourth quarter or the third quarter, and most of the time, when you guys are looking at the private companies on valuations, you're not going to change the assumptions. And so a lot of times, those valuations move a lot slower than what the public markets would dictate. So when I think about in the fall and through the fourth quarter, maybe some of those assumptions got more negative because some of the macro data points were pointing to slower growth. Recently, things have gotten a little bit better, so just how that changes your valuation methodology. 
Marc Spilker: Look, as we say every quarter, the valuation, it's a point-in-time number. And given the economic environment we move in, both markets and sentiment move quickly. And I think what I articulated in the script was you could see the fourth quarter of 2011 versus the fourth quarter of 2012 that EBITDA was down. And I guess my own view is that given the macro events of the third and fourth quarter, that sentiment was probably at a low and that was clearly reflected in the valuation process. And my guess is if you look at the market today, it feels a little bit better, but we'll have to see quarter to quarter. But sentiment is shifting very quickly, and so it's very hard to give you a forward look of where things will be next quarter and beyond. But I will say that we do feel good about the portfolio. And what we say every quarter is that we don't think that those marks necessarily reflect where we will be able to monetize the investments over time, and we think that there's value in the portfolio. 
Michael Carrier: Okay, that's helpful. And then just on the fund-raising side, so you've mentioned the TRS. There could be more strategic accounts in the future. I think you mentioned on one of the products on the credit side, you're tapping like the high-net worth channels. So when you think about the opportunities and particularly, when you look at all the products that you guys can offer and what that channel is looking for, where are the demands? And is that something that you can continue to see growth over the next year or 2 years? 
Marc Spilker: Yes, we've talked about this before, which is the secular shift towards alternatives both in the institutional space and the retail space, and we think that, that secular trend is strong. And over the years, we've actually had a presence in the retail space, but we think there's a big opportunity for us and we will continue to develop product that we think speaks to our core strength on the investment side. And that may be a small -- that may be a subset of our products given what retail investors demand, but we think that there's a big enough overlap of the things that we are good at and retail will want that we're making an investment in building out the retail as a distribution channel for us. And I think it's a big opportunity, and we're going to continue to invest in it. 
Michael Carrier: Okay. And then last one, and I think it's related to older funds, but if we just look at the distribution in both the AUM and the fee-paying AUM roll-forward table, you had a healthy distribution realizations in the quarter, but it doesn't look like it had too much of an impact on the fee-paying AUM. So is it just older funds, so you're not collecting management fees on these assets but you can still realize the realizations? 
Gene Donnelly: Yes, Mike, that's right. Sorry. The general distributions were out of funds that we're no longer earning management fees on, such as Fund IV. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. 
Kenneth Worthington: Maybe first, can you give us a little more flavor on the relationship with TRS? Obviously, it's a competitive market. You guys won a big mandate, others didn't. Dig into maybe why they chose you, and given the persistent low-return environment, what is the outlook for the industry for more of these type relationships? And is it really the public pension funds that are the biggest opportunity here? Like we haven't heard a lot from the sovereign wealth funds, but maybe talk about some of the demand from other client segments as well. 
Marc Spilker: There's a long-term relationship that exists between Apollo and TRS, and I think that the returns that we've provided for them over time and the relationship and the trust is really essential, and that was obviously a big element. And then we keep saying this, when we look at our platform, we think it's very appealing given the possibilities in investment returns and the integrated and diversified platform that we offer, and we think that that's very appealing. I do think that there's not an unlimited universe of large, strategic managed accounts. The investors have to have large pools of capital. They have to be very sophisticated. And very importantly, a relationship needs to exist because we really are partners. And so we, as we've articulated in 2011, we've done a small handful of these, with TRS being the largest one. We don't think there's an unlimited pool. There's a handful others that we're going after, and it's very hard to do these for much smaller amounts. And so we're going to continue to drive that, and I would expect that to continue to grow, but maybe not necessarily at the pace -- not necessarily at the pace that we've had. And then to your other question, it's important to note that it's not just pension plans, it's sovereign wealth funds, and we've done with both. And I think that that's large pension plans and sovereign wealth funds is where the majority of the activity is. 
Kenneth Worthington: Okay, great. And then market, obviously, seems more accommodative for harvesting. I guess how accommodative is it? And I guess the real question is how hard are you hitting the road right now? 
Marc Spilker: Look, like we've always said, one of the values in our platform is that the investment team is very flexible. When it's time to invest, we can focus on that. When it's time to harvest, we can focus on that, and we can do both. And so I'm not sure I would say that it's a robust time to harvest. But obviously, you look at 2011, and we had a fair amount of realizations and we've been very focused on it through the cycle. And so the team is working very hard where appropriate to look for exits. 
Kenneth Worthington: Okay. Lastly for me, talk about the competitive landscape in the credit area. Obviously, there's a lot of interest with perceived opportunities being large here, but the competitive environment also seems to be increasing. So what does it mean for the outlook? How do you distinguish yourself versus peers? And you're obviously really bulked up here. Is this  does mass prove massier. The fact that you're getting to be so much bigger than you had been? Does that attract a disproportional amount of interest to your franchise? 
Marc Spilker: Well, as we said, on a pro forma basis, assuming the close of Stone Tower, $50 billion. On the one hand, that's a large number, but when you look at the market, it's still not a large number in the context of the market. And the fact that competition is coming in, I think is a good thing because other people are seeing the same opportunity. And as the investor base, the capital allocator base are starting to get more comfortable allocating money to credit, we think we'll be a big beneficiary of that. And yes, I do think that success breeds success, that our -- not just our recent performance but our long-term track record. But our recent successes in raising funds is really a vote of confidence by our sophisticated LPs, and that certainly helps when we go on the road, bringing on new LPs. And so the market is extremely large. And when you look at the size of other asset management companies like PIMCO and BlackRock, and they're not all credit, but they have significantly larger credit businesses than we do. And so in our mind, that there's a very large growth opportunity. And as we build scale, I think we're doing it in a more efficient way, and I think that will help our growth on a go-forward basis. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roger Freeman with Barclays Capital. 
Roger Freeman: Let me just pick up on Ken's last question there. On Europe, particularly around the asset sale opportunity, it seems like, a, that the banks are -- that the assets are coming out somewhat slowly. I'd be interested in views on that. They seem to be spending more time tinkering with RWA calculations than shrinking the balance sheet. I guess I'm just wondering if you think there's any risk that that opportunity ends up being less than many seem to think, just kind of like the resi sell-down and the opportunity in the U.S. was. 
Marc Spilker: Well, I think the real issue is one of scale. And so if you look at -- if you do all your calculations of the amount of assets that need to be disposed and the percentage of them that have already been disposed, you could say that they're coming out slowly. But when you look at the size of our funds in Apollo, transactions are happening and, for us, it's significant. So we don't need the whole industry to turn over in order for it to be a significant opportunity. I do think that there is more pressure in Europe to dispose assets than there was in the U.S. to dispose assets, and we're seeing that. And so our confidence level of the opportunity remaining is still pretty high. 
Roger Freeman: Okay, that's helpful. And on the EPF II, when do you anticipate to have a final close on that, or how long do you expect to do fund-raising? 
Marc Spilker: Yes, I'm not going to -- we're going to grow that platform. I'm not going to speculate when we'll have the final close. 
Roger Freeman: Okay. And then, I guess on harvesting, you touched on it already. But where do you expect that to be concentrated this year in terms of secondary strategic sales, probably less certain IPOs? 
Marc Spilker: As you know, it's all opportunity and market-related. So hopefully, there'll be a harvesting environment. If there is, I think we'll do well in it, but it's hard to predict where that will be. 
Roger Freeman: Okay. And then the teachers, you said that's going to start funding this spring. Should we think about a 2- to 3-year time horizon for full deployment? 
Marc Spilker: It's being worked on now. I would just say the way to think about it is probably the majority of the assets will be deployed over the first 3 to 5 years. And if opportunities come quicker, it will be faster. 
Roger Freeman: Okay. And last, last question. On the discretionary comp plan, how do we -- how should we think about this insofar as I can certainly understand having some discretionary funds available, where cash carry isn't coming through? But as that cash carry eventually comes through, is that considered -- I guess it can't really be, but I mean, it feels a little bit like people are getting comps sort of in advance of cash carry coming through and then they'll get it again when it actually comes through? 
Marc Spilker: No, I think Gene articulated it very clearly that it is discretionary based upon how -- what the performance of the firm is. 
Gene Donnelly: So it's based on realized carry, Roger, realized carry. 
Roger Freeman: Oh, okay. I thought you had said something about when cash carry isn't coming through, that you have that discretionary comp. But I guess... 
Gene Donnelly: What we said, Roger, was that there is variability with this. And to the extent that there isn't realized carry, additional... 
Roger Freeman: Okay, got it. That's clear. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW. 
Robert Lee: Actually, maybe a follow-up to the last question. On this new comp plan, is there a cap in terms of what proportion of realized carry you will pay out even in incentive, or is it kind of open-ended? Is it like capped like no more than 50% of realized cash carry can go out in comp in total? Or it's just discretionary with however you guys decide it, whatever you decide is appropriate? 
Marc Spilker: Yes, there is no formal cap. This is a plan just launched in June, as we discussed earlier, and consistent with the philosophy of aligning compensation more and more with the firm performance. I think you could expect that the profit share percentage would grow, but I don't think that there's any set target for what that would grow to. 
Robert Lee: Well, I guess maybe along those lines, just kind of philosophically, I mean, your -- aside from the 3 principles, your insider ownership by employees is relatively low compared to some peers. So philosophically, why go that route instead of maybe encouraging more unit ownership instead of going through with kind of the carry? 
Marc Spilker: It's a good question, and the answer is yes, and we think that that's important as well. And we are doing both and we'll continue to do both. 
Robert Lee: Okay. And then sticking with the comp theme, June, the 3 principles, compensation arrangements I guess are due for renegotiation. And I guess I understand that you don't have that finalized likely, but maybe just any sense you can give of is it even necessary to change it, given their ownership stakes and everything. Or should we think it's going to be pretty much as is? 
Marc Spilker: I believe it's July, and we'll get to this conversation over time. But I'll say what I said last quarter, which is  that the 3 founders are fully engaged day to day. And my expectation is that they will be -- continue to be engaged through the contract period. And when something changes or there's something more specific, certainly, obviously, everyone will know about that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
M. Patrick Davitt: A lot of your very large public positions have rallied pretty significantly from September and are probably well above historical kind of MOAC [ph] levels that you would start harvesting. Can you kind of help us understand what the thought process is when you have a large public position and how you sell that down? And to what extent you have locked up some of those large public positions and how much you can sell? 
Marc Spilker: Yes, I mean, it's a good question, but every situation is different, and so it's hard to generalize. But just suffice to say that the philosophy around here is the investment team underwrites the position every single day and will continue to do that. And some cases, there are specific restrictions, and that will be put into the kind of underlying underwriting process, but it's very hard to generalize like that. 
M. Patrick Davitt: Okay. If the markets are favorable, would you expect that you'd have opportunities to sell down some of those stakes? Or you just won't go there? 
Marc Spilker: I mean, I can't say specifically. But in general, it'd be reasonable to assume that the better the markets are, the better it's going to be for monetizations and exits. But again, the teams will continue to focus investment by investment on what's right to do for each investment. 
M. Patrick Davitt: Okay. I think you mentioned that there was, along with the TRS commitment, a managed account with a sovereign wealth fund focused on European credit. Have you said how big that is? Is it of the same scale or... 
Marc Spilker: Yes, I think last quarter, we said it was $500 million. 
M. Patrick Davitt: All right, great. And then it looks like even without kind of the onetime issues, you mentioned that you typically have a seasonal uptick in non-comp in the fourth quarter. Is that the case, and should we expect that to be ongoing? 
Gene Donnelly: I don't know that you should expect nonrecurring expenses to be ongoing. We talked in my comments about $15 million of additional legal and professional fees. Largely attributable to nonrecurring events, particularly Stone Tower and the Gulf Stream transactions. Whether or not they'll occur -- a similar transaction will occur in the fourth quarter next year is anybody's guess. 
M. Patrick Davitt: Right. But there is -- away from the onetime is what I meant. Is there not some seasonal uptick in 4Q in professional fees anyway? Because it seems to happen last year as well. 
Gene Donnelly: It may be coincidental that it happened the fourth quarter in '10 and fourth quarter '11. I don't know that we have any seasonality in our professional fees. 
M. Patrick Davitt: Okay. And finally, on the management fee in capital markets, it looks like it came down pretty meaningfully. I assume that's just from the mix of the new assets coming in. Could you kind of help us walk through kind of the mechanics of where the new assets kind of were relative to where you were running? 
Gene Donnelly: Could you repeat the first part of that question? I thought you said a decline. 
M. Patrick Davitt: The management fee rate, yes. Yes, yes. Sorry. 
Gene Donnelly: The addition of Gulf Stream has a lower fee than each of those products have a lower fee. And then Athene also generated a significant increase in our AUM, and the fee base on those products are generally lower than our historic average fee rates in capital markets. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Bolstein with Goldman Sachs. 
Alexander Bolstein: Marc, I wanted to circle back on your comments just probably around capital formation. It sounds like you guys are seeing a lot of traction across lots of different products, lots of different platforms. I was hoping maybe you could help us kind of aggregate into 1 or 2 numbers and say, okay, given what you've raised, that's not currently in your fee-related AUM, and I guess we understand that this is going to kind of trickle in over time. Do you have a sense what is that number? Clearly, there's $3 billion from Texas teachers, then there's EPF II that you guys are currently, I guess, now collecting fees on. So what is the kind of like the total of all of those things together? 
Marc Spilker: So I understood the question broadly, but I didn't understand specifically. Are you talking about the difference between fee-paying and non-fee-paying AUM or... 
Alexander Bolstein: No. So you guys have raised money that's currently -- that you already locked it in, but it's not in your fee-paying AUM yet. But it also kind of spans across bunch of different buckets. So I was hoping you could just give us a number of what that is. 
Gene Donnelly: Sure, this is Gene. Perhaps I can start. With the potential of the Stone Tower acquisition, that's going to drive significant increase in management fees. As we continue to raise EPF II, we talked about some initial raises there that will drive management fees. Natural resources, the same, will drive management fees. So I think Marc did a good job describing earlier the progress that we've made in capital formation, and all that's going to start generating fees for us in 2012, if they haven't already. 
Marc Spilker: I don't have a specific estimate for what the run rate revenue could be on all of that. 
Alexander Bolstein: Okay, fair enough. And Gene, I just wanted to follow up on your comments around distribution. So it sounds like there's going to be a catch-up in some of the recurring carry you guys are getting from Fund VI that you didn't recognize this quarter. Once Fund VI actually crosses about the 8% hurdle, do you have a sense of what that catch-up would be from a distribution perspective? 
Gene Donnelly: Well, based on the waterfalls to date and given Fund VI is below its preferred return, we have an estimate that says it's around $0.04 of interest and dividend income that would have been earned at Apollo, but for that fund being below its preferred return. 
Alexander Bolstein: Got it. So $0.04 is really the catch-up to the $0.05 to $0.10 number that you're talking about more on a recurring basis, right? 
Gene Donnelly: And that's all dependent upon Fund VI crossing its preferred return threshold. 
Alexander Bolstein: Sure, all right. And then staying, I guess, with the distribution theme, do you guys have a sense of looking across your portfolio of companies, are there opportunities for more of a similar kind of special dividends like you've seen with Lyondell? Or future distributions should really be relying more on capital market activity and more of a traditional sort of exits? 
Marc Spilker: It's very hard to speculate on that. 
Alexander Bolstein: Okay. And then, Gene, just one last one for me. I want to go back to the comments you made on comp and just maybe attack it a little bit from a different angle. So if you look at your total salaries and benefits in the management fee business, take down about $20 million sequentially, assuming there's no big realized carry next quarter, does that number go back to like a mid-60s run rate? Or do you think we'll stay in kind of a $40 million to $50 million range? 
Gene Donnelly: I think that's some forward-looking information that we should probably not get too specific with. I think it's fair to say that as we continue to grow the platform that our headcount will grow and would grow -- our expectations should grow with the rate we've been growing, so you should expect an uptick in the run rate of that cost. What the mix will be is entirely dependent upon how that plan is implemented and the realizations that occur, et cetera. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of William Katz with Citi. 
Neil Stratton: This is Neil filling in for Bill. Just a quick question. What is the tenor of your recent conversations with LPs maybe in terms of risk tolerance, increasing allocations to alternatives, interest in credit, et cetera? 
Marc Spilker: Thanks for the question. I would say it really hadn't changed much over the last handful of quarters. Just the general backdrop is we're looking for longer-term investments. Our LPs are comfortable with -- they're comfortable looking for things on the illiquid side. And therefore, our dialogue with them about the portfolio tends not to be day to day. And when markets go up, they're expecting we're focusing on realizations. When they go down, they're expecting us to focus on putting capital to work. And therefore, that dialogue has remained largely the same. We see the desire to put capital to work, particularly in our areas of focus, which are Europe and natural resources. And we think that the dialogue remains quite healthy with the majority of our LPs. And that's why it gives us some degree of optimism about our ability to grow our platform going forward. 
Neil Stratton: Great. And final question, any shift in economics generally with the LPs? 
Marc Spilker: Again, we've seen very little focus on that. 
Operator: That was our final question. And I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Stein for any closing remarks. 
Gary Stein: Thanks, operator. I want to thank you all for joining us today on the call. We are available to take your questions after the call. Please don't hesitate to call me or Patrick Parmentier. And we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-08 14:30:00) =====
Executives: Mike Magusiak - President and CEO Dick Frank - Chairman Tiffany Kice - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Robert Derrington - Morgan Keegan Michael Gallo - CL King Brad Ludington - KeyBanc Capital Greg Ruedy - Stephens Mike Wolleben - Sidoti & Company Greg Schroeder - Morgan Joseph
Operator: Welcome to the CEC Entertainment teleconference. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Magusiak.
Mike Magusiak: Thank you. Welcome to our conference call. I am Mike Magusiak, President and CEO of our company, and I am joined by Dick Frank, our Executive Chairman; and Tiffany Kice our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Tiffany joined our team in August. Tiffany has over 22 years of accounting and retail experience, including the past 14 years in public accounting, with KPMG, where she served as an audit partner since 2006. We're very pleased that Tiffany joined our executive team. Before we begin today's discussion, I would like to make you aware that some of the information presented today may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied in the forward-looking statements. Information regarding the company's risk factors was included in our press release and is also included in the company's filings with the SEC. Reconciliation information related to non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call may be found in the company's Q3 earnings release and on the company's web site under Investor Information. The primary objectives of today's call are first, Tiffany will discuss our financial performance during the third quarter. Next, I will present our strategic plan to increase comparable store sales, earnings per share and shareholder value. Third, Tiffany will discuss our business outlook and finally Dick will provide some concluding remarks and then open the lines for Q&A session. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Tiffany who will review our financial performance.
Tiffany Kice: Thank you Mike, good afternoon everyone. This afternoon we reported an increase of 3.8% in comparable store sales on the same calendar week basis for the third quarter of 2010 and diluted earnings per share of $0.60, from $0.55 from the third quarter of 2009. Despite the positive comparable store sales increase, net income decreased slightly, due to two unfavorable items reported in the third quarter of 2010 totaling approximately $1.1 million net of tax or $0.05 per share, relating to non-cash asset impairment charges and soft drink supplier transition costs. Beyond these items, company's operating cost improved over the prior year third quarter as a percent of company store sales, due to reduction in certain cost per sales, as a result of our menu price increases, efficient labor utilization and cost savings initiative. These improvements were partially offset by increases in the price achieved and higher self insurance cost. I will now discuss our financial results in more detail. Starting with the top line total revenues in the third quarter increased 4.7% to $207.1 million from $197.8 million. This was primarily driven by a 3.9% increase in comparable store sales on a fiscal week basis, along with an increase in our weighted average unit count of approximately four stores as compared to the third quarter of 2009. Our comparable store sales on the same calendar week basis, which we believed to be more indicative of the health of our business, increased 3.8%. Mike will provide additional insight of our positive sales performance later in this conference call. Cost of food and beverage as a percentage of food and beverage sales, decreased 70 basis points to 22.3% in the third quarter of 2010 or 23% in the third quarter of 2009. Menu price increases and reductions in our beverage and paper cost resulting from the implementation of various cost savings initiative more than offset the approximate 45 basis point increase in our cheese costs. Block cheese prices increased 38% or 31% per pound from the third quarter of 2009. Cost of entertainment and merchandise as a percentage of entertainment merchandise sale decreased 50 basis points to 8.3% in the third quarter of 2010, from 8.8% in the third quarter of 2009. The decrease is primarily due to higher ticket redemptions in the prior year. Labor expense as a percentage of company store sales decreased 70 basis points to 27% in the third quarter of 2010, compared to 27.7% in the third quarter of 2009. In current utilization of our hourly labor force, coupled with the leveraged realized with regard to the fixed component of our labor cost as a result of higher sales were the primary drivers of this decrease. This decrease was partially offset by a 2% increase in the average hourly wage rate, along with increased sales and performance bonuses at the store level. Depreciation and amortization expense for the quarter increased 3.5% to $19.9 million, primarily due to the ongoing capital investment initiatives occurring at our existing stores and new store development. Store rent expense for the quarter increased 4.2% to $17.7 million, primarily due to an increase in number of lease properties, resulting from new store development expansion with existing stores. Other store operating expenses as a percentage of company store sales increased 110 basis points to 17.5% in the third quarter of 2010, compared to 16.4% in the third quarter of 2009. This increase was attributable primarily to two items, high self insurance cost and cost associated with our transition to a soft drink supplier. Higher self insurance cost approximated 40 basis points of the increase and were related to unfavorable adjustments to our general liability self insurance reserves, based on current plains and loss development factors. The cost associated with a transition to a new soft drink supplier, represented in approximate 40 basis point increase. The remaining 30 basis point increase is attributable to an increase in other miscellaneous store operating costs that were partially offset by lower repairs and maintenance cost. Advertising expense as a percentage of total revenues increased 20 basis points to 4.8% in the third quarter of 2010, compared to 4.6% in the third quarter of 2009, primarily due to increased expenditures for local television advertising and online media associated with our expanded marketing activities in 2010. General and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue increased 20 basis points to 5.9% in the third quarter of 2010, compared to 5.7% in the third quarter of 2009. The increase is primarily driven by the impact of a favorable adjustment to our tax penalty reserve during the third quarter of 2009. Asset impairment charges of $900,000 reported as a non-cash charge in the third quarter 2010, relating to three stores. And due to this specific economic and performance issues were determined to be unable to recovery the net book value of the underlying assets, and were therefore considered impaired. Interest expense increased $3 million in the third quarter of 2010, compared to $2.8 million in the third quarter of 2009, primarily due to interest charges incurred pursuant to additional tax reserve we had initially established in the second quarter of 2010, in connection with the current internal revenue service examination of prior years. Our weighted average interest rate, including the impact of our interest rate swap, remained relatively flat at 2.9% for the third quarter of 2010 compared to the third quarter of 2009, as did our weighted-average debt balance outstanding under our revolving credit facility. Our effective tax rate increased to 39.4% in the third quarter of 2010 compared to 38.5% in the third quarter of 2009. This increase was primarily due to various federal and state tax adjustments reported during the third quarter of 2010, and was partially offset by the recognition of certain state enterprise zone tax credits. Net income decreased slightly to $12.6 million in the third quarter 2010 from $12.7 million in the third quarter of 2009, and diluted earnings per share increased $0.60 in the current quarter compared to $0.55 in the prior quarter. Our diluted earnings per share benefited from a 9.3% decrease in our weighted average diluted shares outstanding stemming from our share repurchases. We have cumulatively repurchased approximately 3 million shares of our common stock since the beginning of the third quarter of 2009. On a year-to-date basis, through the third quarter of 2010, we note the following. Total revenues have increased 0.6%. Comparable stores sales on the same calendar week basis have increased 0.8%. Net income decreased to $51.2 million from $55.8 million, and diluted earnings per share decreased from $2.38 from $2.42. The decrease in net income, despite the increases in total revenues and comparable stores sales, reflects unfavorable impact from the third quarter of 2010 that we noted earlier on this call, and the unfavorable impact in the second quarter of 2010 relating to the tax adjustment that impacted our diluted EPS by $0.13. Our repurchase of approximately 3.7 million shares of our common stock since the beginning of the first quarter of 2009 benefited diluted earnings per share. Let's now review a few highlights from our cash flow statement and our balance sheet. During the first nine months of 2010, we generated approximately $138 million of operating cash flow. We invested approximately $71 million in new and existing stores and used approximately $67 million to repurchase approximately 1.9 million shares of our common stock, bringing the outstanding balance at the end of the third quarter 2010 on a share repurchase authorization to approximately $151 million. We ended the quarter with a balance of approximately $357 million on the company's revolving credit facility. Our leverage ratio is 1.9-to-1 as defined in our credit facility agreement. With that, I'll now turn it back over to Mike.
Mike Magusiak: Thanks, Tiffany. My presentation will focus on a detailed analysis of our sales performance during the third quarter and more importantly on our strategies to increase future comparable store sales, earnings per share and shareholder value. Same calendar week comparable store sales during the third quarter increased 3.8%. The breakdown by month on a same calendar week basis during the quarter was positive 2.2% in July, positive 4.5% in August and positive 4.8% in September. Same week comparable store sales results by region during the third quarter are as follows: The Western region was positive 1.6%. The Southeast region was positive 3.3%. Our Central region was positive 4.4%. And our Northern region was positive 6.2%. This positive sales momentum continues into the first four weeks of the fourth quarter with same calendar week comparable store sales increasing 3.5%. I'll now shift our discussion to a number of strategic initiatives that I believe will position the company for long-term sales and earnings per share growth. These strategies are summarized as follows: first, a strong existing store capital plan that will impact approximately 240 stores this year, representing approximately 48% of our store base; second, the continued focus of increasing birthday party sales; third, an enhanced marketing plan that incorporates brand messaging along with a new strategy of promoting specific online coupon values on national television. This strategy was implemented on July 17. We believe that this national television initiative is positively impacting sales. And finally, our continued focus on increasing weekday sales with school fundraising and other non-profit charitable organizations. Our first sales initiative is strong existing store capital plan that totals approximately $64 million in 2010. This capital plan is projected to impact 240 stores, including 29 expansions, 15 major remodels, 196 game enhancements and includes the capital cost of the Ticket Blaster in all company stores. We expect that our preliminary existing store capital plan for 2011 will total approximately $64 million, which will impact approximately 200 stores, including 25 to 30 store expansions. We believe that this capital plan will strengthen our leadership position in the family restaurant and entertainment industry and result in long-term sales increases. Our second initiative is the continued focus of increasing birthday party sales by improving the overall reserve party experience. We've improved the value and overall birthday party experience by implementing the following strategies. First, we introduced Ticket Blasters to all locations in June. Second, we expanded the length of birthday parties from one-and-a-half hours to two hours with the implementation of Ticket Blasters. Third, we implemented 100 bonus token promotion to shift parties from our peak period on Saturdays to Fridays and Sundays. Fourth, we enhanced the birthday party package and superstar upgrade package with new components. And finally, we're supporting Ticket Blasters with a national advertising campaign. As a result of these strategies, along with a price increase in birthday party prices in a vast majority of our stores by $0.50 to $1 per child in conjunction with the implementation of Ticket Blasters, birthday party sales increased approximately 16.5% during the third quarter of 2010 compared to the third quarter of 2009. Our third initiative to increase sales and earnings is an enhanced marketing plan. Our TV media plan, which historically has been primarily brand advertising to kids, has been modified to include network television advertising promoting specific value messages. We initiated this national television advertising campaign on July 17, promoting a $9.99 summer special large cheese pizza, encouraging customers to go online for the coupon. This campaign was revised at the beginning of the fourth quarter, promoting a $20 large one topping pizza and 50 tokens with the coupon available online. The current national television value campaign is called Yum & Fun to reflect good game and food value. We believe these national value campaigns have incentivized our guests to redeem online coupons, resulting in incremental guest visits which is confirmed by the increased number of online coupon redemptions. These online coupon offers provide our guests with a good value; however, the discounts offered are actually lower than our average coupon offers, contributing to strong store margins that Tiffany discussed earlier in the call. In spite of the apparent success of these value campaigns, total coupon redemptions during the third quarter decreased as a percentage of sales by 0.4% in the third quarter compared to 2009. The number of coupon redemptions also decreased compared to the third quarter of 2009 by approximately 3%. Because the same week comparable store sales during the third quarter increased 3.8% with decreased coupon redemptions during the quarter, we believe that a greater percentage of coupons redeemed from the national television value campaign reflect increased incremental guest visits as compared to the decreases in coupons redeemed from the Sunday newspaper FSI program. Our fourth sales initiative to increase sales and earnings is an expanded strategy to increase weekday sales. Fundraising sales increased from $0.9 million in the third quarter of 2009 to $1.2 million in the third quarter of this year. Year-to-date, this weekday sales initiative has resulted in $7.5 million in weekday sales, representing a 32% increase above the first three quarters of last year. Since inception in 2004, this program has given back $5.6 million to school, parent-teacher association, parent-teacher organizations and other non-profit organizations. Our next opportunity for growth is to accelerate the development of new domestic company stores. From 2006 through 2009, we've opened a total of 32 new and relocated company stores. These store average sales exceed $2 million and on average have earned a free tax cash-on-cash return exceeding 25%. We anticipate opening and acquiring from franchisees a total of approximately 10 to 12 stores in 2010 and approximately six to eight stores in 2011. We will continue to focus our development on stores that produce a high return on investment. The final component of our growth strategy is the development of Chuck E. Cheese's around the world. During our yearend 2009 conference call, we stated that we believe that international development of our concept provides shareholders with a significant long-term opportunity. We've developed a comprehensive international strategic plan and are actively searching and interviewing potential partners in Mexico, Colombia, Brazil, Argentina, Peru, Panama and Costa Rica. This international development plan is starting to result in new store openings. We project the opening of two international stores by yearend and additional two stores during the first half of 2011. More importantly, we're very encouraged by the significant interest of quality potential franchise partners. During the past year, we've received hundreds of international inquiries and have personally met with approximately 30 potential franchise groups, representing eight Latin American countries. We're currently in discussions with a number of companies to develop in Latin America. Our last strategy to enhance shareholder value is the continuation of our stock repurchase plan. During the first three quarters of this year, we generated $138 million of operating cash flow. We utilized $71 million for capital expenditures to add four additional stores and enhance 157 existing stores in the form of store expansions, major remodels and game enhancements. Additionally, during the same period, we repurchased 1.9 million shares of our common stock, representing approximately 9% of diluted shares outstanding for $67 million. The strength and resiliency of our brand is also very evident over a longer time horizon. Despite economic headwinds, as indicated by high unemployment over the past two years and three quarters, our significant cash flow has enabled us to materially enhance our restaurant entertainment products and return a significant amount of capital to shareholders in the form of share repurchases. During 2008, 2009 and the first three quarters of 2010, we've added 14 new company stores and enhanced over 450 stores in the form of store expansions, major remodels and game enhancements. Additionally, over the same time period, we repurchased approximately 8.6 million shares of our stock, representing approximately 37% of the average diluted shares outstanding over the repurchase period. We believe that our aggressive capital plan with our other sales strategies and significant share repurchases will enhance long-term shareholder value. Our primary valuation of Chuck E. Cheese is based on consistent cash flow. Our comparable store sales are sometimes volatile between quarters, yet much less volatile on an annual basis, varying from 2.8%-negative to 2.7%-positive between 2005 and 2010. Our cash flow measured by EBITDA over the same period between 2005 and 2010 has been very strong and consistent. EBITDA as a percentage of revenue by year, starting with 2005 through 2010, was 24.6%, 24.1%, 22.5%, 22.5%, 23.1% and 24.5% respectively. EBITDA over the past five years and three quarters totaled approximately $1.1 billion. We believe that long-term shareholder value will be created as we continue to return capital to our shareholders and strengthen our leadership position and expand our concept domestically and internationally. I am now turning the call over to Tiffany to provide you with an overview of our business outlook.
Tiffany Kice: Thanks, Mike. Considering the continued uncertainty with the economic environment and the low seasonal sales base that we experienced with the fourth quarter, it remains difficult to estimate sales for the remainder of the year. However, at this time, our best estimate of comparable store sales on the same calendar week basis for the fourth quarter of 2010 is an increase of 2% to 3%. Based on same calendar week comparable store sales are up 2% to 3% in the fourth quarter of 2010, we're estimating our fourth quarter 2010 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of 17% to 19%. Incorporated into this guidance are the following assumptions. We're assuming block cheese prices will be $1.65 to $1.70 per pound for the fourth quarter of the year as compared to $1.53 in the fourth quarter of 2009. Recall that every $0.10 change in cheese prices is estimated to impact annual pre-tax income by approximately $700,000 to $800,000. We're estimating fourth quarter 2010 depreciation and rent expense will each increase approximately 4% as compared to prior year. We're expecting approximately 30 basis point reduction in the fourth quarter 2010 advertising expense as a percentage to total revenue. We're assuming an effective tax rate of 38.2% for the fourth quarter of 2010. We are currently estimating 2010 fourth quarter capital expenditures to be in the range of $32 million to $34 million. We also expect to open six to eight new company owned locations during fourth quarter, including one or two franchise acquisitions and one relocation. Lastly, we intend to repurchase shares on a opportunistic basis. While it's difficult to project, given the current economic uncertainty in the marketplace looking out into fiscal 2011, we currently anticipate diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $2.93 to $3.03. This guidance considers total capital expenditures ranging from $93 million to $97 million, impacting approximately 200 stores. And the addition of approximately six to eight company owned stores in fiscal 2011. We will continue to refine this estimate and we'll provide more detailed information regarding our projection on our year-end call in February of 2011. With that, I would like now to turn over the call to Dick.
Dick Frank: Thanks, Tiffany. Given the continued difficult environment in which we operate, highlighted by the continued relative high levels of employment throughout our country, we are pleased with our comparable store sales performance of 3.8% on a same calendar week basis during the third quarter of 2010. It is also encouraging and we believe reflective of the effectiveness of our strategies that all four of our operating regions of the company experienced same store sales increases during the quarter. Third quarter diluted earnings per share were $0.60, compared to $0.55 for the same quarter of the previous year. Despite the positive comparable store sales increase, net income decreased slightly due to two unfavorable items recorded in the third quarter of 2010, totaling $1.1 million net of tax or $0.05 per share. As we move to the fourth quarter of 2010, our optimism is guarded by the continued uncertain economic environment. However, we are pleased with the same calendar week comparable store sales continuing to be positive in the first four weeks of the fourth quarter being up 3.5%. We continue to believe in the strength of the Chuck E. Cheese brand. We think this strength is evident in a number of different ways. First, during the first nine months of 2010, we generated approximately $138 million of operating cash flow, allowing us to reinvest $71 million in new and existing stores. Additionally, during the same time period, we were able to repurchase approximately $1.9 million shares of our common stock, representing approximately 9% of diluted shares outstanding for $67 million. Second, the strong cash flow of the company is also evident over the longer term. As Mike shared with you earlier, our EBITDA margins as measured by EBITDA as a percentage of revenue over the six year period of 2005 through 2010 have consistently exceeded 22%. We believe this is significant, and again, reflective of the strength in the brand, especially when considering the deep recession over the last couple of years. And lastly, we believe the strength of the Chuck E. Cheese brand is translating to the international markets. We are excited and cautiously optimistic, regarding this long-term opportunity for the company. In a relatively short period of time, we are encouraged by the interest of a number of quality Latin American companies that are expressing a strong desire to build Chuck E. Cheeses in their respective countries. At this time, Mike, Tiffany and I will be glad to answer any questions that you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from the line of Robert Derrington with Morgan Keegan.
Robert Derrington - Morgan Keegan: A couple of different questions. Mike, could you tell us a little bit about, you had tested in Southern California a new games package, and then I think you were going to move that test out to several markets in the Eastern part of the country. Can you give us any color on that?
Mike Magusiak: I sure can Bob. You're right, we first tested that in Los Angeles and San Diego, and then we tested that in Chicago and Philadelphia, and we were very pleased with those test results. And in fact, Chicago and Philadelphia even exceeded our Los Angeles sales results. San Diego was a little hard to look at, because there was the major competitor moving into that market. But we did see it as to produce an increase in sales, above the trend. And we are considering that as part of our marketing program for 2011.
Robert Derrington - Morgan Keegan: Tiffany, can you give us some color on the third quarter repurchase activity. How many shares and what was that average price per share just in the quarter?
Tiffany Kice: Price per share was $32.03.
Robert Derrington - Morgan Keegan: $32.03, and the total purchase amount or number of shares?
Tiffany Kice: Purchased shares was 1 million, approximately.
Robert Derrington - Morgan Keegan: And then just out of curiosity, the timing of your 8-K and your press release. Your 8-K hit at about 10 minutes after the hour, and the press release actually didn't hit until a minute before the conference call started. I'm just wondering if there is a change in plan or there was some kind of delay or something, or how should we think about that going forward?
Mike Magusia: That shouldn't have occurred like that. That has nothing to do with it. Bob, we apologize for that.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Gallo of CL King.
Michael Gallo - CL King: My question is on just the promotional change, Q2 to Q3. Obviously, you had cut back some of the promotions too far in Q2. It was interesting that as you cut that back, it seemed like you were getting more coming in from response to the national advertising campaign. So I was wondering whether you feel like you've optimized the mix or whether there might be an opportunity to further shift more dollars to national, which could be beneficial not only to sales, but I suppose to margins as well. Thank you. Mike Magusiak That's a really good point. We started our national value campaign on July 17. And we saw immediately an increase in online coupon redemptions. So that $9.99 coupled with the $14.99 coupon, was very successful. And we then modified that national value campaign to what we call is young and fun, for $20 a guest receives a large one-topping pizza and 50 tokens. And our actual redemptions over the past four weeks have actually gone up, even greater during the past four weeks. So we're very excited about that. And what we believe is happening is we're reaching additional guest that were not receiving our coupons through the Sunday newspaper or cross-promotions. So we're excited about that. We think that it has strengthen our marketing program by combining a value message on TV with strong brand advertising. And as you pointed out also, the actual coupon discount that we're offering with our television advertising is slightly lower discount that contributes to our improved margins.
Operator: We have now a question from Brad Ludington with KeyBanc Capital.
Brad Ludington - KeyBanc Capital: One thing that I missed when you were going through all the numbers was, I think you said fiscal same store sales in the third quarter, what they were as opposed to the 3.8% calendar comp?
Dick Frank: They were almost identical. Fiscal was positive 3.9% and same week comparable store sales were positive 3.8%.
Brad Ludington - KeyBanc Capital: And then looking at the impairment charge and the transaction costs, if you kind of back out on the math using the tax rate, it looks like there was about $880,000 in transition costs in the operating expense line that shouldn't occur in the fourth quarter, correct?
Tiffany Kice: That is correct.
Mike Magusiak: That is correct.
Brad Ludington - KeyBanc Capital: So leaving that in, but if you take out the impairment charges, you would've been about $0.63?
Mike Magusiak: No actually, the combination of those two transactions was an after tax impact of $1.1 million or $0.05 a share.
Brad Ludington - KeyBanc Capital: Oh, yes, that's what I was asking. If we leave the transition costs in, but take out impairment, it adds about $0.025 to $0.03?
Mike Magusiak: Yes. Although we're not going to have that transition cost in the fourth quarter, that was a one-time expense that will not hit in the fourth quarter.
Brad Ludington - KeyBanc Capital: Okay. And then looking at the movie calendar coming up here in the fourth quarter, it looks like the Guardians thing wasn't that big of a deal, but does Megamind and Harry Potter, is that built into your guidance, or is that something that could be a risk to guidance?
Mike Magusiak: Movies, first we are aware, the Megamind and Harry Potter and other movies that are going to air in the fourth quarter, it is always difficult to determine what kids movies may or may not impact a quarter. So we're aware of those movies. One of the things that we've done is, we've gone back to look at G and PG movies by month from 2008, 2009 and naturally 2010, and our source is boxofficemojo.com. And when we look at that, there's no doubt that we believe that we were negatively impacted in the second quarter. But then even when you look at the first quarter with movies increasing $292 million from our calculation, we don't believe that it materially impacted first quarter comparable store sales. But regarding the fourth quarter, we went back and we had fairly strong movies during the fourth quarter of 2008 and 2009. And so, it potentially could, but it's not only what the movies are this year, but what they are going against. And so, could there be a risk or potential upside in any one quarter? There could be, but I believe that over the course of the year, that it evens out and quite frankly we take a long term approach to our sales. And I think that over the long term, it pretty much evens out.
Operator: And now a question from the Greg Ruedy from Stephens.
Greg Ruedy - Stephens: I wanted to dive into the 2011 guidance. That range, what kind of level of same-store sales does it contemplate? Do you have any share repurchases assumed in there? And then how should we think about cost of sales for next year in dairy specifically?
Mike Magusiak: There are a number of factors that can impact our guidance for 2011, and those include margins. We see cheese costs at least the current time to not materially be different than this year, naturally our comparable store sales, the number of shares outstanding. And we intend to provide you with more specifics when we release our fourth quarter earnings. But I guess what I would tell you is, we do not believe that it would require a significant increase in comparable store sales to achieve that preliminary guidance.
Greg Ruedy - Stephens: Okay, that's helpful. I appreciate the color you gave on the sales initiatives and the birthday information. I wanted a little more granularity I guess, on the birthday parties. I know you're getting a higher check and spend per child, but how about traffic?
Mike Magusiak: As we said in the third quarter our total birthday sales on comparable birthday sales increased 16.5% and about, and it could be off a little bit from this dependent on the number of kids in the party. But about 6% of that is price increase with the remaining 10% or so being traffic. And I think that what we're seeing in our birthday parties is a function of an outstanding product in Ticket Blasters. We continue to hear a lot of excitement from our guests regarding the ticket blasters, that it's a significant improvement to our birthday parties, as well as very strong advertising produced by our marketing department.
Operator: And we've now questions from the line of Mike Wolleben with Sidoti & Company.
Mike Wolleben - Sidoti & Company: Just a follow-up on that birthday question there. I wasn't sure if I missed it here in the last answer, the 16.5% increase, do you attribute most of that here to that $0.50 to $1 increase per kid, or was there more kids coming in, more birthdays being pushed to Fridays and Sundays? Can you kind of break that out?
Mike Magusiak: Yes, out of that 16.5%, about 6% of that was a price increase and the other 10% or so was increased traffic. The number of birthday parties have increased.
Mike Wolleben - Sidoti & Company: And then looking at the 2011 capital plan, still $64 million impact from 200 stores. How many game enhancements have to be left after the 196 that you guys are doing this year?
Mike Magusiak: That capital plan includes about 145 game enhancements, and those game enhancements are typically around 125 to 150,000, where we'll change out about 35% of the games in those roughly 145 stores next year. And the plan also incorporates about 25 to 30 expansions, and approximately at this point in time about 25 major remodels.
Mike Wolleben - Sidoti & Company: And then on those expansions, are you guys still finding a lot of opportunities for that given where the economy is and where the consumer is? Is there still a lot of walls to be able to knock down?
Mike Magusiak: That absolutely correct, and it shows that this is our third year of really robust expansions. And we continue to pursue that because of the sales, the return on investment, and then as you're saying, a soft real estate market.
Mike Wolleben - Sidoti & Company: And can you just remind us what that return was on those expansions?
Mike Magusiak: What we've provided is, we have, over the past 4 to 5 years our sales increase post-expansion, the 12 months after the expansion compared to 3 months before, that sales increase is about 20%. And those expansions, the cost varies dependent on, naturally, on how many square feet. But this year, our expansion is going to be right around the $1 million per store.
Operator:  And now a question from the line of Greg Schroeder with Morgan Joseph.
Greg Schroeder - Morgan Joseph: Just looking at your cost of food and beverage, it looked like you had a pretty favorable margin there, despite the increase in cheese prices. And I apologize if I missed this, but could you maybe elaborate a little bit on where you were getting favorability in that line item?
Tiffany Kice:  Sure. We had menu price increases and some reductions in our beverage and paper cost that resulted from our implementation of various cost savings initiatives that we put in place.
Mike Magusiak: And then to add even a little bit more detail to what Tiffany is talking about on the cost initiatives. Earlier in the year, a number of companies reduced the number of wings from 12 to 10. We did that, and that savings was almost $900,000 year-to-date. We also made some adjustments to our free tokens with food purchases; we changed our cup, our beverage cup from 22 to 18 ounces, and just the combination of those items plus really working on costs such as redemption tickets, and napkins, and token cups has just all combined together to assist our cost to sales. And then finally, what has helped us is, we tweaked our coupons. Our discounts are lower in the third quarter than they were at year end 2009, and that's also helped our margins.
Greg Schroeder - Morgan Joseph: And then as far as the change in the soft drink vendor was there a reason for that change? Is there some benefit of making that change?
Mike Magusiak: Yes, there sure is. We recently made the decision to switch from Coke to Pepsi, and we're very excited to be partnering with the Pepsi brand. As you might suspect, over the course of the last few years, noncarbonated drinks have continued to increase in our product mix, our servings to our guests. And we are real excited to be offering some products including Gatorade, Tropicana, Lipton Iced tea, and we feel that those products will really be appreciated with Moms and Kids. And then secondly, as you're probably aware, Pepsi also owns Quaker, Dole and Tropicana brands, and we are excited about some cross-promotions with those healthy brands.
Greg Schroeder - Morgan Joseph: The final question here, if I could ask a question on the balance sheet, the interest rate swap that you have in place, I believe it expires next May. Could you just remind me, I'm just trying to figure out how to model that interest expense next year. Could you remind me of what fixed rate you're paying now, and then as that $150 million expires, what floating rate do you pay on that?
Tiffany Kice: The swap locks us in at a 3.6% rate on a $150 million of the value plus our 1% spread. We are currently discussing the options that are available to us, and considering the current environment we'll determine what we want to do based on interest rates at that time. But without swap, our rate is a 1% spread plus LIBOR which runs right at about 0.26% to 0.31% right now.
Greg Schroeder - Morgan Joseph: So there is maybe a 1% pickup, assuming LIBOR stays where it's at today; 1% benefit to what you were paying under the swap agreement?
Tiffany Kice: Correct.
Operator: And now another question from the line of Brad Ludington with KeyBanc Capital.
Brad Ludington - KeyBanc Capital: I just, Mike, wanted to follow up on you talking about reducing the wings from 12 to 10 in the smaller beverage cup. Did that roll out here in the third quarter?
Mike Magusiak: No, the wings rolled out, I believe it was just during the first quarter. The syrup, this was the first full quarter that we had smaller drink cups in our store. And we see that as the savings, but also from a guest standpoint it's free refills and 18 ounces is just plenty a cup.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And there are no more questions from the phone line.
Mike Magusiak: We appreciate your participation, and if you have any other questions please call Tiffany, Dick or myself. Thanks a lot. Bye.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives:  Mike Magusiak - President and Chief Executive Officer Darin Harper  Vice President and Controller Dick Frank - Executive Chairman
Analysts:  Brad Ludington - KeyBanc Capital Markets Michael Gallo - C.L. King & Associates Michael Wolleben - Sidoti & Co. Robert Derrington - Morgan Keegan & Co. Greg Schroeder - Wisco Research Zev Nissionson [ph]  PCC [ph] Greg Ruedy - Stephens Inc. Robert Derrington - Morgan Keegan & Co. Michael Wolleben - Sidoti & Co.  
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the CEC Entertainment teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session with instructions given at that time. (Operator instructions) And also as a reminder, this teleconference is being recorded. At this time I will turn the conference over to your host, President and CEO Mr. Mike Magusiak. Please go ahead sir.
Mike: Thank you. Welcome to our conference call. I am Mike Magusiak, President and CEO of the company, and I am joined by Dick Frank, our Executive Chairman and Darin Harper, our Vice President and controller. Before we begin todays discussion, I would like to make you aware that some of the information presented today may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied in the forward-looking statements. Information regarding the companys risk factors was included in our press release and is also included in the companys filings with the SEC. Reconciliation information related to non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call may be found in the companys Q2 earnings release and on the companys Web site under Investor Information The primary objectives for todays call are first, to discuss our financial performance during the second quarter. Next, I will present our strategic plan to increase comparable store sales and earnings per share in the second half of 2010 and 2011. Third, Darin will discuss our business outlook and finally Dick will provide some concluding remarks and then open the lines for question and answer session. Now Ill turn the call over to Darin who will review our financial performance.
Magusiak: Thank you. Welcome to our conference call. I am Mike Magusiak, President and CEO of the company, and I am joined by Dick Frank, our Executive Chairman and Darin Harper, our Vice President and controller. Before we begin todays discussion, I would like to make you aware that some of the information presented today may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied in the forward-looking statements. Information regarding the companys risk factors was included in our press release and is also included in the companys filings with the SEC. Reconciliation information related to non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call may be found in the companys Q2 earnings release and on the companys Web site under Investor Information The primary objectives for todays call are first, to discuss our financial performance during the second quarter. Next, I will present our strategic plan to increase comparable store sales and earnings per share in the second half of 2010 and 2011. Third, Darin will discuss our business outlook and finally Dick will provide some concluding remarks and then open the lines for question and answer session. Now Ill turn the call over to Darin who will review our financial performance.
Darin Harper: Thank you Mike, good afternoon everyone. As we look at the results for the second quarter, we know that two primary factors weigh negatively on our earnings. First, unexpectedly soft sales and second, an unfavorable adjustment to income tax expense associated with our most recent IRS examination of prior tax years. This tax adjustment and related interest expense, reduced our diluted earnings per share for the second quarter of 2010 by $.13. Now lets discuss the results in more detail. From a top line perspective, revenues in the second quarter decreased 2.1% to $181 million primarily due to a 3.6% decline in fiscal week comparable store sales. On a same calendar week basis, which we believe to be more indicative of the health of our business, comparable store sales decreased 2.2%. Mike will discuss the factors that we believe impacted our sales performance in detail later in this conference call. Partially offsetting the decrease in comparable store sales was a weighted average increase of approximately three stores as compared to the second quarter of 2009. Cost of food and beverage as a percentage of food and beverage sales, decreased 20 basis points to 22.4% during the second quarter compared to prior year. Decreases in beverage and paper costs were partially offset by higher cheese prices. Quarter over quarter cheese costs increased $0.24 cents or 20% per pound. Cost of entertainment and merchandise as a percentage of entertainment and merchandise sales decreased 50 basis points to 8.5% during the second quarter of 2010 from 9% in the second quarter of 2009, primarily due to a birthday party promotion during the second quarter of 2009 that resulted in additional price merchandise costs from increased ticket redemption. Also in the second quarter of 2009, we incurred additional costs associated with an attraction dispensing novelty photo cards. Labor expense as a percentage of company store sales increased 20 basis points to 28.7% during the second quarter of 2010 compared to 28.5% in the second quarter of 2009, primarily due to higher workers compensation claims, unemployment taxes and other benefits. Also improved labor productivity from our hourly workforce partially offset a 3.7% increase in average hourly wage rates at our stores. Depreciation and amortization expense increased 4.2% to $19.8 million primarily due to the ongoing capital investment initiatives occurring at our existing stores and new store development. Store rent expense increased 4.3% to $17.4 million primarily due to an increase in the number of leased properties resulting from new store development and expansions of existing stores. Other store operating expenses as a percentage of company store sales remained unchanged at 16.5% quarter over quarter. A deleveraging effect associated with the decline in revenues was offset by a reduction in other store operating costs during the quarter.  Advertising expenses as a percentage of total revenues decreased 10 basis points to 4.6% in the current year from 4.7% in the prior year primarily due to lower television media costs partially offset by an increase in television spending in certain local markets. General administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenues remained generally flat quarter over quarter. Interest expense increased to $3.4 million during the second quarter of 2010 compared to $3.1 million in the second quarter of 2009, primarily due to interest charges of $700,000 in current pursuant to additional tax reserves established during the second quarter of 2010. This increase was partially offset by lower interest expense associated with our outstanding debt. During the second quarter of 2010, the average debt balance outstanding under our revolving credit facility was $317.2 million compared to $337.6 million during the second quarter of 2009 and our weighted average interest rate including our interest rate hedge was relatively unchanged at approximately 3% quarter over quarter. Our effective tax rate increased to 57.6% during the second quarter of 2010 compared to 35.1% in the second quarter of 2009, primarily due to unfavorable discreet adjustments of $2.4 million. We recorded income tax expense during the second quarter of 2010 associated with issues identified in connection with an IRS examination for 2006 and 2007 tax years. These issues relate primarily to an overstatement of tax depreciation for refurbished games and rides. Book depreciation for these assets was recorded appropriately. As mentioned earlier, the total impact of these adjustments and the related interest expense unfavorably impacted our diluted EPS in the second quarter by $0.13. From a bottom line perspective, net income decreased to $4.8 million in the second quarter 2010 compared to $9 million in Q2 2009 and diluted earnings per share decreased to $0.22 in the current year from $0.39 in the prior year, partially offsetting the negative impact of the comparable sale decline and the tax adjustments was a 7% decline in diluted shares outstanding, primarily attributable to our share repurchases. On a year to date basis through the second quarter, same calendar comparable store sales declined one half of 1%. Debt income declined $4.4 million to $38.6 million and diluted earnings per share decreased $0.09 to $1.77 a share. A repurchase of approximately 2.7 million shares since the beginning of the first quarter of 2009 has helped to mitigate the negative impacts from the $0.13 tax adjustment and a decline in comparable store sales during 2010. Lets now review a few highlights from our cash flow statement and balance sheet. During the first six months of 2010 we generated approximately $101 million of operating cash flow. We invested $3 million in new and existing stores, reduced the outstanding balance on our line of credit by $23 million and used $36 million to repurchase approximately 922,000 shares of company stock, bringing the outstanding balance at the end of the second quarter of 2010 under share repurchase authorization to 183.2 million. We ended the quarter with a balance of approximately $331 million on the companys revolving line of credit reflecting a leverage ratio of 1.8 to 1. With that Ill now turn it over to Mike.
Mike Magusiak: Thanks Darin. My presentation will primarily focus on a detailed analysis of our second quarter sales performance followed by discussion of our strategic plan to increase comparable store sales and earnings per share in the second half of 2010 and fiscal 2011. Before I discuss sales, I would like to comment on my disappointment regarding the higher than expected tax rate in the second quarter. While depreciation on our financial statements was properly recorded, we over depreciated certain refurbished games and rides on our tax return. This inadvertent error which created a tax liability was identified late in the second quarter. Our effective tax rate in the second half of this year is not expected to be impacted by this tax issue and is projected at 38%.  Were very disappointed with the 2.2% percent decrease in same week comparable store sales during the second quarter, particularly since we had weak comps during the second quarter of last year attributable to the H1N1 Swine Flu outbreak. As stated in last years second quarter conference call, we believe that the swine flu unfavorably impacted our sales results last year primarily from the last week of April through the first week of June. Same week comparable store sales this quarter are down 0.1% in April, down 1.1% in May and down 4.7% in June. Year to date same week comparable same week store sales through the end of the second quarter have decreased 0.5%. Same week comparable store sales results by region for the first half of 2010 are as follows. The Western region is positive 1.1%, the Central region is flat, the Northern region is down 1.2%, the Southeast is down 2.2 for company average of 0.5% down. Since the end of the second quarter, sales have improved fairly significantly. Same week comparable store sales during the first four weeks of the third quarter have increased 2.1% with each of the four weeks being positive. This results in a year to date comparable store sales to 30 weeks being down 0.2%. We believe that there were a number of factors that accounted for our weak sales performance during the second quarter. Pinpointing the exact causes for poor or for that matter good sales performance is always a challenging exercise. Nonetheless weve drawn some preliminary conclusions.  The first factor that we believe may have negatively impacted our sales during the second quarter was a reduction of discounts in many of our coupon offers. During our last conference call, we shared with you a comprehensive pricing strategy to reduce the discount percent in coupons through the Sunday newspaper, cross promotions, online advertising and Chuck E-Club. These revised coupon offers reduced the discount by approximately 10% to 12% on most coupon offers. We tested this initiative beginning January 3rd of this year in stores representing about 35% of our store base and expanded the tests to Los Angeles and Chicago effective March 28th. Based on our evaluation of coupon sales and comparable store sales data, we then made the decision to implement this pricing strategy for all stores effective April 25th. At that point in time, year to date comparable store sales on a same week basis through 17 weeks were positive 0.5%. During our earnings conference call, we further stated that despite the continuing economic headwind carry over from 2009, we were moderately pleased with the sales performance in the first four months of the year and were assuming a moderate improvement in economy for the remainder of 2010. Looking back, we believe our pricing strategy to reduce coupon discounts at a time when the economy not only did not improve, but may have in fact softened somewhat per our top line sales. Although coupon sales as a percentage of total sales slightly increased each month of the second quarter, the number of coupon redemptions decreased by approximately 7% in April and May and 13% in June. We believe that a portion of the reduced number of redemptions negatively impacted guest counts. During June, the month that we were budgeted to earn slightly more than 50% of our earnings during the quarter, our comparable store sales declined 4.7%. This decline correlates to a month to month 20% drop in the adjusted consumer confidence index of 50.4 and a 5% decline in housing sales during June. We further believe the economy was negatively impacted by the Gulf oil spill, most specifically in the Southeastern part of the country. Comparable store sales on a same week basis in quarter one for Tampa, Orlando and Miami were positive 9.4%, 2.6% and 11.9% respectively. In quarter two, sales for the same markets were negative 10.2%, 9.9% and 3.0% respectively. With sales swings from quarter one to quarter two ranging from negative 12.5% to negative 19.6% for these three markets, the impact of the oil spill seems evident. Although its early, all three markets have begun to rebound in the July period. A third factor that we believe negatively impacted sales was very strong box office receipts for kids and family movies in the second quarter led by Toy Story 3 and Shrek Forever. Box office sales for G and PG movies were up 40%, $988 million versus $706 million in the second quarter compared to prior year and were up 75% in June, $578 million versus 330 million. The $248 million increase in box office receipts during June alone were higher than our entire second quarter revenues of $181 million. We believe that the timing of our reduced coupon discounts in a weakened economic environment when combined with strong movie box office receipts resulted in the soft sales performance experienced in the second quarter. Based on this assessment, we have done a comprehensive review of our sales strategies and have already moved to make the following changes.  We offered 3.5 million Chuck E-Club members 20 bonus tokens with redemption of any food coupon offer. This coupon offer was distributed to our Chuck E-Club members on July the first. Second, we started airing on July 17th a national television commercial featuring a $9.99 summer special large cheese pizza. This television ad is supported by our website and by an email campaign. Third, were improving our offers on website and potential online advertising to include bonus tokens with food packages effective in early August and finally were changing our Sunday coupons to include bonus tokens with pizza package offers in a majority of our stores effective September 26th. In summary, we believe that the modification of some of these sales [inaudible] in July has somewhat contributed to our 2.1% positive same week comparable store sales during the first four weeks of the third quarter. Before we discuss our strategic plan to increase long term sales range per share, we thought it would be beneficial to share with you our 2008 and 2009 sales trend by quarter. The sales data indicates the relative difficulty of sales comparisons by quarter and is only one factor that potentially could influence future sales trends.  The two-year sales trend for 2008 and 2009 by quarter is as follows. The first quarters two-year sales trend is positive 3.5%. The second quarters two year sales trend is positive 0.3%, the third quarters sales trend for the past two years is negative 2.0% and the fourth quarters two year sales trend is negative 3.5%. Based on this historical sales data, comparable store sales comparisons for the remainder of 2010 are significantly easier than the first half of the year. Many factors can impact future sales including the economic environment in which we operate. We believe that we have a number of impactful initiatives that will position the company for long term sales and earnings per share growth. These strategies are summarized as follows: first a strong existing store capital plan that will impact approximately 257 stores this year representing approximately 51% of our store base.  Second the continued focus of increasing birthday party sales. Third an enhanced marketing plan that incorporates brand messaging along with specific new product advertising including a national advertising campaign, supporting ticket blasters and local television advertising supporting new games and rides. Fourth, our continued focus on increasing weekday sales with school fundraising and other non-profit charitable organizations. And finally the continued implementation of our modified coupon discount strategy that I discussed earlier in the conference call. The net effect of the modified pricing strategy is that our modified coupon offers will more closely reflect a greater discount than our most recent coupons but will still be less than the discounts at year end 2009. Our first sales initiative is a strong existing store capital plan that totals approximately $67 million to $68 million. This capital plan is projected to impact 257 stores including 32 expansions, 15 major remodels, 210 game enhancements and includes the capital cost for the ticket blasters in all company stores. We believe that this capital plan will strengthen our leadership position in the family restaurant and entertainment industry and result in long term sales increases in conjunction with an improved economy. Our second initiative is the continued focus of increasing Birthday Party sales by improving the overall reserve Birthday Party experience. Weve improved the value and overall birthday party experience by implementing the following strategies: first we introduced ticket blasters to all locations in June, second we extended the length of birthday parties from an hour and a half to two hours with the implementation of ticket blasters. Third, we implemented a hundred bonus token promotion to shift parties from our peak period on Saturday to Friday and Sunday, and finally we enhanced the Birthday Party package and Super Star Upgrade package with new components. As a result of these strategies along with the price increase and birthday party pricings in the vast majority of our stores by $0.50 to $1 per child in conjunction with the implementation of Ticket Blasters, Birthday Party sales increased approximately 15% in the second quarter. Our third initiative to increase sales and earnings is an enhanced marketing plan. A TV media plan which typically relies primarily on brand advertising to kids has been expanded to include new creative to promote new exciting products like ticket blasters or new games and rides. We believe that our national TV advertising of Ticket Blasters was a primary factor in increasing Birthday Party sales by 19.5% in June.  In addition, our marketing campaign included the testing of incremental local television advertising in support if new games and rides which were installed in every store in Los Angeles and San Diego at the end of the first quarter. Comparable store sales in LA and San Diego increased 1.5% during the second quarter. We recently completed the installation of new games and rides in every store in Chicago and Philadelphia and started advertising these new games and rides on local television two weeks ago.  Our fourth sales initiative to increase sales and earnings is an expanded strategy to increase weekday sales. Fundraising sales increased from $1.6 million in the second quarter of 09 to $2.4 million in the second quarter of 2010.  Our next opportunity for growth is to accelerate the development of new domestic company stores. Since 2006 weve opened a total of 32 new or relocated company stores including three new stores in 2009. These stores average annual sales exceed 2 million and on average have earned a pretax cash on cash return exceeding 25%. We anticipate opening or acquiring franchises approximately 9 stores in 2010 and seven to eight stores in 2011. Well continue to focus our development on stores that produce a high return on investment.  The final component of our growth strategy is the development of Chuck E. Cheeses around the world. During our year end 2009 conference call we stated that we believe that international development of our concept provides shareholders with a significant long-term growth opportunity.  We have developed a comprehensive international strategic plan and are actively searching and interviewing partners in Mexico, Columbia, Brazil, Argentina, Peru, Panama and Costa Rica. As stated in prior calls international development will not materially impact earnings the next several years. However, we believe that our focus of attracting quality international partners provides our shareholders with a solid, long term growth opportunity. Our focus is the development of one great concept, Chuck E. Cheeses.  Our last strategy to enhance shareholder value is the continuation of our stock repurchase plan. During 2009 we repurchased $52.6 million of treasury stock, or 1,775,089 shares which represents 7.7% of fully diluted shares outstanding at year end 2009. During the first half of this year we repurchased 921,989 additional shares or 4.3% of diluted shares outstanding at the end of the quarter. Despite a very disappointing second quarter that resulted in comparable store sales decline of 0.5% during the first half of the year, our business continues to generate significant cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities increased to $100.9 million. We utilized this cash to purchase property and equipment totaling $43.1 million, repurchased treasury stocks totaling $35.6 million and reduced our credit facility borrowing $22.9 million. Darin will now provide you with an overview of our business outlook.
Darin E. Harper: Thanks Mike. Considering the economic environment with unemployment at rates near 10% we remain cautious in our near term outlook for the business and this makes it difficult to estimate sales. However our best estimates of comparable store sales on a same week basis for the second half of 2010 is a range of flat to up 2%. We based this estimate on basically flat sales or down 0.2% during the first 30 weeks of the year and on the first four weeks of July during which comparable store sales have increased approximately 2%. We considered several factors in our sales estimates including the following. First, significantly easier sales comparisons in the second half of 2010 versus the first half of the year. Second, continued strong increases in Birthday Party sales which represented approximately 11% and 15% of total sales in the third and fourth quarter of last year respectively. Third, a solid existing store capital plan and finally our belief that our modified coupon and discount pricing strategy will be effective in the second half of the year. Our sales estimates assume no immaterial deterioration in the economy. If the economic environment does deteriorate, we believe that our business will be adversely impacted because even though we consider our overall relative value to be good, our experience is largely discretionary in nature. Based on same weeks comparable store sales ranging from flat to positive 2% in the second half of 2010, we are estimating 2010 fiscal diluted earnings per share to be in a range of $2.52 to $2.62. This represents a growth rate of approximately 6% to 10% excluding the additional operating week of fiscal year 2009 and the $0.13 tax charge this quarter. Incorporated into this guidance are the following assumptions: First, were assuming cheese prices will average $1.57 to $1.65 per pound for the second half of the year as compared to $1.38 in the second half of 2009. Recall that every $0.10 change in cheese prices is estimated to impact annual pretax income by approximately $700,000 to $800,000. Were estimating fiscal year 2010 depreciation and the rent expense will increase 4% and 3% respectively. We are expecting approximately a 28 basis point reduction in fiscal year 2010 advertising expense as a percentage of total revenue. We are assuming an effective tax rate of 38% for the second half of the year. Also were currently estimating 2010 fiscal year capital expenditures to be in the range of $100 million to $103 million. We also expect to open eight new company owned locations during the last six months of the year inclusive of 2 franchise locations that were acquired in July and one relocation. Lastly, we intend to repurchase shares on an opportunistic basis during the second half of the year. With that Ill now turn the call over to Dick.
Richard M. Frank:  Thanks Darin. After starting the first quarter with comparable store sales on a same week basis of positive 0.7% of 1% comparable store sales were a disappointing 2.2% negative for the second quarter of the year. As Mike already walked you through, we believe the sales shortfall experience was largely the result on a change in our coupon discount strategy, a somewhat softer economic environment particularly in period six and strong box office receipts for kids and family movies. Additionally we have an unfavorable adjustment to the companys tax expense which reduced our diluted earnings per share for the quarter by $0.13.  Since the end of Q2 we have made changes to our coupon offerings and commenced national TV in support of $9.99 Summer Pizza promotion. We believe these changes have somewhat contributed to our 2.1% positive comparable store sales during the first four weeks of the third quarter.  As we move to the last half of 2010, we expect the economic environment to be challenging. We intend to continue and in fact expand our new modified coupon discount strategy while continuing to execute on the strategies and future growth plans which Mike has outlined for you. Our revised coupon offerings and the quality execution of our strategy coupled with the easier comparable store sales comparisons for the last half of the year is our basis for projecting comparable store sales of flat to up 2% for the last half of 2010.  At this time Mike, Darin and myself will be glad to answer any questions that you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We get our first cue from Brad Ludington with Keybanc Capital Markets, please go ahead.
Brad Ludington  Keybanc Capital Markets: Thank you, I wanted to start off with the clarification on the guidance. I was trying to keep up and fell a little behind when you talked about a 4% increase and a 3% increase respectively on two different line items, what was that?
Darin E. Harper : Yeah, the 4% increase on a fiscal year basis for 2010 we expect depreciation to increase 4% and rent expense to increase 3%.
Brad Ludington  Keybanc Capital Markets:  Okay, thank you very much. And then just looking at what happened in July when you talked about the comps going up 2.2% versus what we saw in the second quarter, it seems that you had a pretty quick improvement before some of the changes that Mike went through had been rolled out. Youre said anything coming out in August and September, was there anything else you saw besides just the change on some of the marketing and promotions or any environment or do you think it was just response to that change?
Michael H. Magusiak : I think there were two major things that occurred. First we have been on national TV for the past three weeks with our $9.99 Summer Special and that is representing about 40% of our advertising. And what we have seen with that $9.99 Summer Special is a significant increase week by week of those coupon redemptions, a $9.99 compared with a $14.99 coupon to suggest combine those two coupon offers and weve seen that consistently increase in each of the past three weeks.  The other thing that weve seen is because were promoting that on national TV our online advertising and our web advertising, those coupon redemptions have also gone up materially. So we think that weve set the value message within the market place that has really helped us. The other thing that has continued for us into July is our strong birthday sales. In June our birthdays were up 19.5% and that has continued into July. Our birthday sales continue to be up 20% or so and when you couple that with the $9.99 and then the coupon changes we did in our $3.5 million Chuck E. club we think that those have contributed to the sales so far in the first four weeks of the year.  And one of the things that we mentioned on the conference call was that every week was positive but from our perspective what we really like seeing is that every region within the first four weeks of the quarter is positive. And theyre positive from anywhere from 1% to almost 3% and thats--we feel good that it's not just up to 2.1% but it's been consistent throughout at least the first four weeks of the quarter. 
Brad Ludington  Keybanc Capital Markets:  Okay, and then finally I just wanted to ask back on the  when youre looking at the second quarter revenues, the food and beverage sales were pretty close to what we expected. A majority of the  were a good enough 2 high on games and merchandise were, youre seeing the parties just werent spending as much on the games, were the attendance down at parties? What were you seeing there? 
Michael H. Magusiak : We did not see a noticeable change on that. Our food and beverage and the games were pretty close obvious both were down from what we expected going into the quarter but the percentage change, at least from what we expected was above what we expected 
Brad Ludington  Keybanc Capital Markets:  Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Thank you, and the next question in cue that will come from the line of Michael Gallo with C.L. King, please go ahead.
Mike Gallo  CL King: Hi good afternoon, my question is just on the promotional spend obviously noted in the quarter that youve reduced some of the coupon. I was wondering whether as you started the ship things back whether youd think we should see some pressure on margins from the change back the original strategy or is it something that was more than being offset by the gas counts and Q2. So you dont expect to see that kind of pressure. Thank you. 
Mike Magusiak : Thats a good question. We do believe that we went to far on our discount reducing the discounts and if you take a free standing insert our discount at year end 2009 was about a 43% off the regular manual and you could buy a value menu for 20% discount. So in essence it was about a 23% discount off of the menu if you bought a value meal. But weve reduced that 43% to on average down to about a 32% discount. So we knocked it down about 10% or so. What we have done with our modified coupon pricing that we changed in July with a 20 free bonus tokens and what we intend to do for the majority of our system going forward is a discount of a 38%. So that 38% is actually a lower discount than what we had at 2009 and so far what we have seen when we gone to that change in the discount not being so aggressive that our coupons have started to increase. 
Mike Gallo  CL King: So I guess just to come back to that same point then, when I look on a year-over-year basis if you were using the 43%-ish call it discount in the third quarter of last year, on a year-over-year basis that should actually be somewhat beneficial to your margins assuming that your guest counts hold up. Is that fair to look at it that way?
Mike Magusiak : That is and you know the one thing that we didnt talk about discounts so you are correcting that is the $9.99 offer the large cheese pizza when coupled with a 1499 coupon offer which includes 4 drinks and 50 tokens that is a discount of 31 to 32%. So that national advertising offer promoting value is actually even a little bit lower than our FSI offer. 
Mike Gallo  CL King: Okay thanks a lot. 
Mike Magusiak : You are welcome. 
Operator: Thank you, (operator instructions). Our next question in queue will come from Michael Wolleben with Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead. 
Michael Wolleben  Sidoti & Company: Hey good afternoon guys. I just wanted to clarify a couple of things here. You mentioned a couple of times here the back half of this year is easier comparable sales hurdles to go over. Is that excluding the impact of swine flu in the second quarter of last year, is that how you are coming to that easier comparison? 
Mike Magusiak : No its not it includes the swine flu. If you go back we look at 2 year trend and if you look at the first quarter of 2008 it was positive 3.6% and the first quarter of 2009 it was negative point 1. So the 2 year trend is a positive 3.5% in the 1st quarter. In the 2nd quarter in 2008 we were positive 5.6%, so we had a great second quarter in 2008. And last year it was negative five four. So the 2nd quarter is positive point 2%. Then when we do the same exact thing in the third and fourth quarters we are going up against a negative trend of 2% and the third quarter and 3.5% negative in the 4th quarter. So we look at the last 2 year trend for the ease of the difficulty of going against comparable store sales. 
Michael Wolleben  Sidoti & Company: Okay, back to that couponing strategy again as well. When you see that -- the rollback of some of the taking a little bit more price there, is there any thought on further rolling that back and trying to more aggressively get some people that you may have lost there? Or do you guys think that you have the right discount period at this point for where the consumer is?
Mike Magusiak : Well we missed at the first time. I say that from what we believe but we do believe we still have a good value in our overall product and we base that on the number of redemptions with the Chuck E Club members and online advertising. And so we think that thats the right mix. And then one thing that is very difficult for us to monitor but we think that is something to do with summer time when mums have more time with their kids and there is more free activities and the economy is slowing down in June. We think that just the combination of the summer of a slow down in economy and the change in the discount. The consolidation of those three factors impacted our redemptions. But we think that the revised pricing is a very good value for gas. 
Michael Wolleben  Sidoti & Company: Okay, I want to circle back on the tax charge as well. Can you just walk me through that again? What happened there back in 2007, 2008, I think you said and its not expected to recur here? 
Darin Harper : Yeah thats correct yeah the issue arose pursuing to the current IRS examination of our 2006 and 2007 tax years. So basically for a period of time the company would transfer games and rides use games and rides from its stores to a company owned warehouse to be refurbished. And subsequently this games and rides were redeployed to our stores. And the basis and the asset for tax reporting purposes inadvertently became over stated and as a result two much depreciation was deducted for tax purposes and the cumulative adjustments for this air is the 2.4 million dollar adjustment. And again just to clarify for financial reporting purposes the appreciation expenses was accurate. So we believe this $2.4 million charge weve captured the issue and do not expect any further impact on this going fourth. 
Michael Wolleben  Sidoti & Company: That 2.4 million is all on your tax line here this quarter. Was there, did you say that there was something on the interest line as well? 
Darin Harper: Thats correct. The $700,000 charge on the interest line that is tax effected if you want to compute to the $0.13. 
Michael Wolleben  Sidoti & Company: Okay, and just to clarify that new guidance its a GAAP guidance that includes $0.13. 
Darin Harper: Thats correct yes. 
Michael Wolleben  Sidoti & Company: Okay and then just lastly here, looking at the commodities, wheat prices are still are through the roof here. What is your, are you guys locked in prices, your concerns on it? 
Mike Magusiak: I dont believe we are locked in the largest component of our pricing is cheese and there you might give an overview $0.10 change in cheese price what that would cost. Thats by far our largest exposure on the commodity side. 
Darin Harper: Yeah we definitely are mindful of our dough cost but it definitely dont have much of an impact as cheeses does and again to reiterate every $0.10 change in the block cheese price impacts EPS by about $0.02. And so when we look at the second half of the year you know cheese price is in a range from 57 bucks to a buck 65 against the dollar at 38 in prior year. What well definitely have some pressure there. But dough prices right now we are not too concerned and dont anticipate that thats going to apply to much pressure on our margins for the 2nd half of the year. 
Michael Wolleben  Sidoti & Company: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue that will come from the line of Robert Derrington with Morgan Keegan. Please go ahead. 
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan: Yeah thank you. Mike the $9.99 cheese pizza promotion that you have been running recently, how long will you run that? 
Mike Magusiak: Right now Rob we are planning on running that through August and we are going to continue to monitor that promotions. If it continues to go good even thou you know we are going up against Labor Day there we may actually run it a little bit longer. But right now its through the end of August. 
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan: You know typically back to school time you know consumers are squeezing every dollar they have Im just wondering is there some way to position that as an ongoing offer to keep everyday traffic coming in the door. 
Mike Magusiak : There may well be Rob, Ill tell you we were surprised that the redemptions dropped as much as they have and weve looked at a lot of different alternatives to offer value and one of the things that marketing came up with was 20 bonus tokens with any coupon offer including food. And what that has done for us is just something new, something different. And if you take that 20 bonus tokens and add that on to the old coupon prices that we are offering with that, its still its a good value but its actually a little lower discount that what we offered at year end 2009. And so weve really put on or thinking caps on how do we change up our coupon offers to give the guest an additional incentive to come in to Chuckie Cheese. 
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan: Well, it certainly sounds like your birthday business is doing well and you know I dont know, do you have a perspective on your fundraising program as we come into the fall or is it too early to say on that?
Mike Magusiak: You know our fundraisings from a percentage stand point is actually stronger than anything else. Sometimes you can get at least from our perspective or my perspective get you know put too much on to fundraising because on a year to date basis its up 31% and its 6.2 million versus 4.7 last year. So you know that helps us.  The thing that we are really excited about is the ticket blasters and you know we are so disappointed in the 2nd quarter comparable store sales. But the one strategy that has taken off and is doing as well or probably better than what we anticipated is the birthday parties. And you know you see that in the second quarter that birthday parties were up about 15%, that accelerated to almost 20% in June and that trend continues into July and I think its a combination of the National advertising of the ticket blasters and then just the excitement in our stores. So you know the birthday business for us we can see you know real positive sales trend there. 
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan: Well, the good news is, the birthday business as well as the fundraising is doing really well; it sounds as though its the walk up business where you are weakest, is that right? 
Mike Magusiak: Thats absolutely correct. 
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan: And so the $9.99 coupons or promotion I assume its geared for that.
Mike Magusiak:  It is geared to the walking traffic as well as the 20 bonus tokens. 
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan: Got you, okay very good. Thanks Mike. 
Mike Magusiak: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question in queue that will come from Greg Schroeder with Wisco Research. Please go ahead. 
Greg Schroeder with Wisco Research: Hi, thank you. Two questions, first one, I just wanted to be sure the IRS examination, thats fully complete at this point?
Darin Harper : Well, the examination is still technically open, but we would anticipate actually closing out those tax years hopefully here in the 3rd quarter. So while we believe weve captured all issues associated with that examination, you know until the examination officially comes to a conclusion we wont know for sure but we feel like we have captured the total issue here in Q2. 
Greg Schroeder with Wisco Research: Okay. And then, Mike, the capital initiatives for 2010, I think you are now touching 257 restaurants, I think three months ago you said 235, so that is over half of your system. So you are really aggressive on these capital initiatives this year. Could you maybe elaborate a little bit on what the change was and are you -- why you are increasing your capital allocation to remodel versus building new restaurants?
Mike Magusiak: Now, thats a good question, Greg. The biggest impact from, if I look at our budget at the beginning of the year, for existing stores, we anticipated spending 65 million, a little short of 65 million. Now we are going to spend 65 to 66 million and that increase is attributable to our game enhancements that only cost on average 50 to say 75,000 for the market such as Los Angeles, San Diego, Chicago and Philadelphia. That we put games in every one of those stores and then we are advertising it on spot television. So we just see an opportunity to put games in and then advertising it on a local basis so we may learn in the future on whether we can drive sales with spot television or local advertising. But that is the primary increase in a number of stores is the Chicago and the Philadelphia that we did not have in the budget at the beginning of the year and those were just completed Greg about 2 weeks ago. As far as the new stores you bring up a good point, we anticipate opening a total of 9 stores, including the franchise acquisitions. We continue to get good sales results there and you know I would like to open 7, 8 very high volume stores every year. 
Greg Schroeder with Wisco Research: Okay, thank you. 
Mike Magusiak: Youre welcome. 
Operator: Our next question in queue that will come from the line of Zev Nissionson [ph] from PCC [ph] and your line is open. 
Zev Nissionson - PCC: Hey guys thanks for taking my call. I was hoping that you could remind me last year what you attributed -- how much of the decline in Q2 you attributed to the swine flu 
Mike Magusiak: We did not quantify that. Its difficult to know the number of people that didnt come into our stores. So what we did was we just provided on a month by month basis what comparable store sales were but you know its almost impossible to try quantify what Swine flu did to us last year. 
Zev Nissionson - PCC: Coz Im thinking about we had expected a fairly significant bounce back this quarter obviously in the easy compare and you posted a negative number. So if you take the swine flu, add that to the negative number from this quarter, Im trying to bridge you know how you got to either such a volume decline or pricing decline; it wasnt a pricing decline because you actually took away some of the coupons. So Im just unclear of how volume could have dropped that significantly year over year. 
Mike Magusiak: Thats a really good question and I think there is really three major factors. One, and I dont mean to put it all on coupons because I dont believe it was. You never know those reduced coupons what percentage would have come anyway. But we do believe if you look at June, the P and PG movies, the increase June alone that we see as direct competition to us, family doesnt typically take their sons or daughters to Toy Story and to Shriek or you know to Chuck E Cheese and Shriek and Toy Story, and the increase in June alone in movies exceeded our total revenue in the second quarter.  And so we just see that as very significant; it was also up in April and May and the combination with that, the coupons and what we believe the economy and really the Florida markets that we disclose, we just we cant explain why Miami, Orlando and Tampa were so strong in the first quarter and were so weak in the second quarter. And we believe and we dont have anything to back this up other than the sales results that all the TV advertising about people not going on vacation and Florida being somewhat volatile in its economy; we just think people, the consumers just stop spending. And we dont, we can quantify that but we do know the sales change between the first and second quarter. So yours is a good question, we anticipated stronger sales the second quarter also. 
Zev Nissionson- PCC:  Okay and on the movie because Id also read in your press release about the slate and we had spoken to Chris about this a couple of weeks ago and hes essentially said that that was red herring and that we shouldnt look at the movie slate as a correlating factor but it sounds like if its particularly strong, it can affect things one way or another, is that fair?
Mike Magusiak:  It can and I believe that movies over the course of the year to two years has no impact on our business, it evens out. In the first quarter we did not mention that G and PG movies were up by our calculations 77%. The issue is, is the total dollars in the first quarter for the whole quarter increased 292 million. In June alone in the second quarter, they increased 248 million. So its just a, every once in a while, the movies can help or hurt you. We believe that Shrek and Toy Story really hurt our volume engine. 
Zev Nissionson  PCC:  Okay I appreciate the answer.
Mike Magusiak:  Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next in queue that will come from Greg Rudy with Stevens. Please go ahead.
Greg Ruedy- Stephens Inc:  Follow up on the movie; if they do in fact smooth out over a year or two, is there some incremental headwind from the use of 3D in the movies?
Mike Magusiak: It could be.
Greg Ruedy- Stephens Inc:  Question on the G&A, any pushes and pulls you can discuss there where are we at with bonus accruals year to date and then anyone timers from the examination and executive turnover?
Darin Harper:  In G&A no expenses associated with the examination. You do have number items moving around in there kind of upsetting each other. We had some reductions overall which helped offset some of the deleveraging due to a lower sales base but overall I wouldnt say how many things significant as well on the executive turnover, no significant tick ups on that side as well. A little bit as would be expected on some equity and incentive compensation but nothing that really moved the needle.
Greg Ruedy- Stephens:  Okay. Back on the couponing casual diners have systematically been offering discounts at peach or $10 or less price points. Just wondering if maybe theyve conditioned your guest to respond to sub $10 that leading digit basically?
Mike Magusiak: I think there is some of that and we believe that one of the things that we believe we have a slight advantage although we for sure didnt take advantage of much in the second quarter but if you look at our 9.99 summer special, people arent going to just come in for a large cheese pizza and weve offered that as I said earlier with the 14.99 coupon. The combination of the 9.99 and the 14.99 is about a 31%, 32% discount and we still have very good margins when you combine that pizza, soft drinks and tokens and I think we, hopefully weve learned something from that value offering on national TV.
Greg Ruedy- Stephens Inc:  Thanks for taking my questions.
Mike Magusiak: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. We do have a follow up in queue from Robert Derrington Keegan. Please go ahead.
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan: Yeah Mike. Hey can you give a little bit of color on your new CFO that you named today?
Mike Magusiak: Sure can. First we wish Chris all the best on at On Border and were very, very excited to bring Tiffany on board. Tiffany has about 22 years of experience and the last 14 years shes been with KPMG one of the big four accounting auditing firms. Shes been a partner since 2006 and Tiffany has very good technical skills but from my perspective and shes interviewed with a number of our executives here. I think she has some very good communication, team building and leadership skills that I think that shell do a really good job continue to grow our accounting finance and were really excited to have her on in the next two weeks.
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan & Co: So she starts looking at the release the 16th of August?
Mike Magusiak: Thats right, in two weeks.
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan & Co: Okay, at what point can we start torturing her?
Mike Magusiak: You know what; I bet you Tiffany is listen to this call now.
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan & Co: Okay, alright. Really good, well follow up. Thanks Mike.
Mike Magusiak: Alright.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue is also a follow up from Michael Wolleben with Sidoti and Company. Please go ahead.
Michael Wolleben  Sidoti & Company: Thanks. Sorry if I missed this before but birthdays been up 15% in the quarter. Is that, thats largely attributed to that 0.50 to a $1.00 for kid increase correct?
Mike Magusiak: No, thats just a percentage of the increase. If you take the average, if you said it was a 0.50 increase off of an 11.99, thats 4%.
Michael Wolleben  Sidoti & Company: Okay.
Mike Magusiak: So it is part of it, what weve been able to do is because weve improved that experience so much, weve been able to increase the price but a very good percentage of that is just traffic.
Michael Wolleben  Sidoti & Company: Okay and then did you guys quantify the, what you think the couponing strategy I guess miscue was an impact, did you quantify that earlier?
Mike Magusiak: No, all we did was we quantified the reduction in the number of redemptions in the second quarter month by month. Its possible to quantify what it did to comparable store sales because were not sure how many of those of guest still came to Chuck E. Cheese without a coupon. 
Michael Wolleben  Sidoti & Company: Okay, got it. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is also a follow up from Mike Gallo with CL King. Please go ahead.
Mike Gallo  CL King: Just couple of follow up questions as they relate to birthday blaster; I was wondering what youve seen in trends in booking because obviously it hadnt been in place for that long and it takes a while for people to actually schedule parties, youre seeing a significant increase in your trends and birthday party booking since birthday blast was rolled up?
Mike Magusiak: I dont have, I know we tracked that in marketing, I, we track on week by week basis what birthday sales are and over the last eight to nine weeks our birthday sales have been typically between 18% and 22% or so and we think that is the advertising on TV and then its just the excitement if youre a kid attending a birthday party, your friends birthday party and you see you see your friend in there having a blast grabbing all these tickets I think its just incentivizing kids to have their birthday party at Chuck E. Cheese.
Mike Gallo  CL King: I guess thats part of my question to the extent that it rolls out in June, kid goes to a party, maybe his birthday doesnt occur for another six months or something, we would expect to build over time. In the stores you having test what kind of increases have you seen that where its been in place for sometime?
Mike Magusiak: We have tracked that earlier I couldnt tell you what that may grow or where it may settle out; it hasnt been in test long enough.
Mike Gallo  CL King: Okay, thanks a lot.
Mike Magusiak: Welcome
Operator: Thank you. Your next question queue is also a follow up from Zev Nissionson with PCC and your line is open.
Zev Nissionson  PCC: Hey I, with regarding the comments that you made about July, Im going back to April and you guys were also fairly positive about the April results on the call on May and then Im looking here and it looks like April was down and Im just trying to, maybe I just did the math wrong when you guys did your call last time but what, is it possible then that July is going to be down as well?
Mike Magusiak:  Well now July is complete.
Zev Nissionson- PCC: Okay.
Mike Magusiak:  July has seven or five, four weeks into it and that is already complete and the first week that we had in April was positive and then it went negative after the first week.
Zev Nissionson  PCC: But you did your call in May so I would have, we would have a full April by the time you did your call as well, correct?
Mike Magusiak:  Im sorry I was looking at actually Mays numbers. April was two tenths negative and when we did our call we had the first quarter comparable store sales were positive 0.7% and then when we had April, we were negative 0.2 and that dropped it down to a 0.5.
Zev Nissionson  PCC: Okay, maybe I just did my math wrong when you guys did your call last time. 
Mike Magusiak: That, April was down 0.2 and then the first week of May was up 27 and then the, then it started going negative from there.
Zev Nissionson  PCC:  Okay, thanks.
Operator:  Thank you. At this time we have no additional questions in queue. Please continue. 
Mike Magusiak:  We appreciate your participation. If you have any additional questions please call Darren, Dick or myself. Thanks a lot, bye
Operator:  Thank you ladies and gentlemen that does conclude your conference call for today; we do thank you for your participation and for using AT&T to.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-09 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Mike Magusiak  President & CEO Chris Morris  EVP, CFO & Treasurer Dick Frank  Executive Chairman
Analysts: Brad Ludington  KeyBanc Capital Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan Mike Gallo  CL King Greg Schroeder  Wisco Research Michael Wolleben  Sidoti & Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the CEC Entertainment teleconference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session with instructions given at that time. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mike Magusiak. Please go ahead.
Mike: Thank you. Welcome to our conference call. I am Mike Magusiak, President and CEO of the company, and I am joined by Dick Frank, our Executive Chairman and Chris Morris, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin todays discussion, I would like to make you aware that some of the information presented today may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied in the forward-looking statements. Information regarding the companys risk factors was included in our press release and is also included in the companys filings with the SEC. Reconciliation information related to non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call may be found in the companys quarter one earnings release and on the companys Web site under Investor Information. The primary objectives for todays call are first, to discuss our financial performance during the first quarter. Next, I will present our multifaceted strategic plan to increase comparable store sales and earnings per share. This plan incorporates sales initiatives that were effective last year as well as new sales initiatives. Third, Chris will discuss our business outlook. Finally, Dick will provide some concluding remarks and then open the line for a Q&A session. Now, Id turn the call over to Chris Morris, who will review our financial performance.
Magusiak: Thank you. Welcome to our conference call. I am Mike Magusiak, President and CEO of the company, and I am joined by Dick Frank, our Executive Chairman and Chris Morris, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin todays discussion, I would like to make you aware that some of the information presented today may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied in the forward-looking statements. Information regarding the companys risk factors was included in our press release and is also included in the companys filings with the SEC. Reconciliation information related to non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call may be found in the companys quarter one earnings release and on the companys Web site under Investor Information. The primary objectives for todays call are first, to discuss our financial performance during the first quarter. Next, I will present our multifaceted strategic plan to increase comparable store sales and earnings per share. This plan incorporates sales initiatives that were effective last year as well as new sales initiatives. Third, Chris will discuss our business outlook. Finally, Dick will provide some concluding remarks and then open the line for a Q&A session. Now, Id turn the call over to Chris Morris, who will review our financial performance.
Chris Morris: Thank you, Mike. Good afternoon everyone. Lets start with the top line. Comparable store sales on a same calendar week basis were up 0.7% in Q1. Revenues in the first quarter totaled $246.3 million compared to $248.1 million in Q1 '09. The decline in revenue was primarily due to the shift in calendar weeks between the two quarters caused by the 2009 fiscal year, including an extra operating week, which had the effect of pushing the weeks in the 2010 fiscal year forward one week. This calendar week shift resulted in a loss of the seasonally high sales volume week from the first quarter of 2010. Our weighted average unit count increased by approximately 3 units in Q1 '10 compared to Q1 '09. Cost of food and beverage as a percentage of food and beverage sales increased 170 basis points to 22.8% during the first quarter of 2010 and 21.1% in the first quarter of '09, primarily due to a 50 basis point increase in cheese cost associated with a $0.24 per pound increase in cheese prices; a 50 basis point increase in wing cost associated with an increase in wing product mix; and increases in other miscellaneous items. Cost of entertainment merchandise as a percentage of entertainment merchandise sales decreased a 100 basis points to 8.1% during the first quarter of 2010 from 9.1% in the first quarter of 2009, primarily due to charges in the prior year associated with the liquidation of certain prize inventory during the first quarter of 2009. Labor expense as a percentage of company store sales increased 20 basis points to 24.7% during the first quarter of 2010 compared to 24.5% in the first quarter of 2009, primarily due to higher unemployment taxes and a 3.7% increase in average hourly wage rates at our stores. Depreciation and amortization expense increased 3.7% to $19.6 million primarily due to the ongoing capital investment initiatives occurring at our existing stores and new store development. Store rent expense increased 3.4% to $17.5 million primarily due to an increase in a number of leased properties resulting from new store development and expansions of existing stores. Other store operating expenses as a percentage of company store sales increased 50 basis points to 12.7% from 12.2% in the prior year, primarily due to a 30 basis point increase in insurance expense resulting from a favorable adjustment to our self-insurance reserves in the first quarter of the prior year. The balance of the increase is primarily due to the deleveraging effects associated with the decline of revenues. Advertising expenses as a percentage of total revenues decreased 30 basis points to 3.7% in the current year from 4% in the prior year. General and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenues decreased 30 basis points to 5.6% during the first quarter 2010 from 5.9% in the first quarter 2009, primarily due to an increase in our stock-based compensation forfeiture estimate in the first quarter of 09. Interest expense decreased to $2.7 million during the first quarter of 2010 compared to $3.1 million in first quarter of 2009, primarily due to reduction in our average debt balance outstanding between the two quarters. During the first quarter of 2010, the average debt balance outstanding under our revolving credit facility was $323.1 million compared to $370.7 million during the first quarter of 09. Net income was $33.9 million in Q1 2010 compared to $34.1 million in Q1 09, and diluted earnings per share increased to $1.53 in the current year from $1.48 in the prior year. The increase in diluted earnings per share benefitted from a 3.9% reduction in diluted shares outstanding associated with share repurchases. Lets now review a few highlights from our cash flow and balance sheet. During the quarter, the business generated $92 million of operating cash flow. We invested $22 million in new and existing stores, reduced the outstanding balance on our line of credit by $50 million and used $17 million to repurchase approximately 454,000 shares of company stock, bringing the outstanding balance at end of the first quarter of 2010 on the share repurchase authorization to $201.8 million. We ended the quarter with a balance of approximately $305 million on the company's revolving line of credit reflecting a leverage ratio of 1.7 to 1.0. With that, I will now turn it over to Mike.
Mike Magusiak: Thanks, Chris. My presentation will focus on our comprehensive strategic plan to increase comparable store sales and earnings per share in 2010. This plan incorporates sales initiatives that were effective last year as well as new sales initiatives that weve been testing in our integral components of what we believe is an enhanced strategic plan. It is difficult to forecast comparable store sales in any operating environment and it is extremely challenging in the current economic environment with high unemployment and a consumer that continues to be cautious. However, assuming a moderate improvement in the economy this year, minimal anticipated impact from H1N1 swine flu in the current year couple with our belief that we have an enhanced and already strategic plan, we have established a comparable store sales growth goal of approximately 2% for 2010. Year-to-date comparable store sales on a same week basis through 17 weeks are positive 0.5%. We believe that the timing of Easter and school spring breaks marginally improved first quarter sales results while negatively impacting primarily one week in April. Therefore, we believe that the best indicator of sales performance is the year-to-date same week comp sales of positive 0.5% through the first 17 weeks of 2010. At this point in time, based on our performance in the first one-third of the year, we believe that we are on track to achieve our sales growth goal of approximately 2% for 2010. As stated earlier, it is difficult to project comparable store sales because many external and internal factors may impact sales either negatively or positively. However, we believe that comparable store sales will accelerate throughout the remainder of this year due to the following factors. First, comparable store sales comparisons for the remainder of 2010 are significantly easier than the first quarter. The two-year sales trend for 2008 and 2009 by quarter are as follows. The two-year sales trend in the first quarter is positive 3.5%; the two-year sales trend for 2008 and 2009 in the second quarter is positive 0.3%; in the third quarter, the two-year sales trend is negative 2.0%; and in the fourth quarter, the two-year sales trend is negative 3.5%. The second factor that we believe will positively impact comparable store sales this year compared to 2009 is a negative impact of swine flu last year. During last year's earnings conference calls, we stated that we believe that the swine flu negatively impacted sales starting around the last week of April. This is supported by comparable store sales during the second quarter of last year. Comparable store sales by month during the second quarter of last year were, April was negative 1.2%, May was negative 8.8% and June was negative 6.5%. Same week sales during April of this year were positive 3.2% in week one, negative 15.4% in week two, positive 9.6% in week three, and positive 5.3% in week four. We believe week twos negative sales performance was attributable to the shift in school breaks that negatively impacted April sales. The third and probably the most significant factor that we believe will favorably impact comparable store sales is the implementation of our sales strategies throughout 2010. Before we discuss our comprehensive strategic plan, we will provide you with this year's sales results by region. The sales results on a same calendar week basis by region are as follows. The southeastern region was flat during quarter one and through the first 17 weeks is negative 0.9%, the northern region in the first quarter was positive 0.7% and through the first 17 weeks is positive 0.2%, the central region was positive 1.1% in the first quarter and on a year-to-date basis is positive 0.9%, and the western region was positive 1.0% through the first quarter and on a year-to-date basis through 17 weeks is positive 1.8%. We are very encouraged regarding the sales trends in our western region which we believe is a reflection of the stabilization of the economic conditions in California and the successful implementation of our sales strategies. A summary of our multifaceted plan to increase comparable store sales and earnings per share include; first, a strong existing store capital plan that will impact approximately 235 stores this year representing approximately 48% of our store base. Second, the continued focus of increasing birthday party sales by improving the birthday experience with a system-wide rollout of a greatly enhanced birthday party experience including the June rollout of Ticket Blasters and two hour parties. Third, an enhanced marketing plan that incorporates brand messaging along with specific new product advertising, including a national advertising campaign supporting Ticket Blasters and local television advertising supporting new games and rides in all of our stores in Los Angeles and San Diego. Based on the short-term results of our local television advertising supporting new games and rides in LA and San Diego, we are expanding this test to two or three additional markets this year. Four, our continued focus on increasing week day sales with school fund raising and the recent addition of targeting other non-profit charitable organizations. And finally, the implementation of increased value menu offerings and a revised discount pricing strategy that has been recently implemented companywide. Our first sales initiative is an aggressive existing store capital plan that totals approximately $65 million to $66 million. This capital plan will impact 235 stores including 33 expansions, 16 major remodels, 186 game enhancements and includes a capital cost to implement Ticket Blaster in the remaining company stores. Our decision to increase the number of store expansions to approximately 33 stores in 2010 from 26 in 2009 is based on the consistently strong financial performance of expanded stores over the past few years. Since 2006, we've expanded 86 stores and the average pre-post sales increase during the first 12 months immediately following the investment compared to three-month period prior to the investment in each of the past four years has exceeded 20%. Our second initiative is a continued focus of increasing birthday party sales by improving the overall reserve party experience. We have developed several strategies to increase birthday sales. We've implemented 100 bonus token promotions during the first quarter to shift parties from our peak period on Saturday to Friday and Sunday. This strategy has been very effective with first quarter same week comparable birthday sales increasing approximately 7%. In addition, during June, we are enhancing the birthday party package with superstar upgrade package, with new components that we have researched with kids' focus groups. We believe that the most significant component of the new birthday package is the introduction of Ticket Blasters to all locations in June. Birthday sales at Ticket Blaster test locations significantly exceed the birthday sales increases currently being realized in our core locations. We have also improved the birthday party experience by expanding the length of birthday parties from 1.5 hours to 2.0 hours with the implementation of Ticket Blasters. Because of the improved guest value from these initiatives, we believe we have an opportunity to increase prices. We increased pricing of birthday parties in several Ticket Blaster test locations by $1, including all stores in Los Angeles and San Diego. Based on test results and surveys conducted with birthday party guests experiencing the Ticket Blaster we decided to increase birthday party prices in the vast majority of our stores by $0.50 to $1 per child with the implementation of Ticket Blasters in June. Our third initiative to increase sales and earnings is an enhanced marketing plan. Our TV media plan, which typically relies primarily on brand advertising to kids, will be expanded to include new creative, to promote exciting new product offerings in our locations. We view the opportunity to promote an exciting new product, such as Ticket Blasters or new games and rides as a material enhancement of our TV media strategy. Ticket Blasters would be supported with a national television campaign beginning this June. Our marketing campaign also includes a testing of incremental local television advertising in support of new games and rides which were installed in every store in Los Angeles and San Diego at the end of the first quarter. This represents a new strategy of advertising on local television as opposed to only advertising with our very efficient national advertising media buy. Based on early test results, we're expanding this strategy in two or three additional markets this year. Our fourth sales initiative to increase sales and earnings is an expanded strategy to increase week day sales. We are proud of the fact that we have donated approximately $4.5 million to local schools since 2005. During the fourth quarter of last year, we expanded our opportunity to increase week day sales with the addition of targeting other non-profit charitable organizations benefiting children. During 2009, school fund raising sales increased approximately 18% to $8.6 million. Our week day sales initiative with school fund raising combined with non-profit organization fund raising continues to gain momentum in 2010. Fund raising sales grew approximately 21% in the first quarter to $3.9 million. We view this expanded week day sales strategy is a great method of giving back to the local communities where we operate as well as increasing week day sales. Our final strategy to increase sales and improve profitability is the implementation of a comprehensive value pricing strategy that we have been testing and have recently implemented companywide. This pricing strategy encompasses three primary components, value meals, coupons and birthday parties. The primary change to value meals has been the addition of a fourth higher-priced value meal. Previously, we offered guests three value meals that included pizza, beverages and tokens for prices that typically range from $26.99 to $39.99. We revised the offerings and now provide our guests with a choice of four value meals ranging from $27.99 to $52.99. The value meal discounts compared to the regular menu price has not materially changed. However, we have increased the average ticket with the new higher-priced value meal. This strategy was implemented companywide mid-January. The next major component of our comprehensive pricing strategy is reduction in the discount percent in coupons through the Sunday newspaper, cross promotions, online advertising and the Chuck E. Club. We continue to provide our guests with an excellent value, including all games and rides still just one token. We tested these coupon offering changes, which resulted in a reduction of our coupon discounts in approximately 35% of our stores effective the beginning of 2010. The test results suggested no meaningful negative impact in sales and resulted in an improvement in cost of sales. Therefore, we have implemented this pricing strategy nationwide effective the end of April. As a result of the implementation of our comprehensive value pricing strategy, menu prices are projected to increase approximately 2.5% in the second quarter and 3% in the second half of this year. Our next opportunity for growth is to accelerate the development of new domestic company stores. Since 2006, we've opened a total of 32 new and relocated company stores including three stores in 2009. These stores average annual sales exceed $2 million and on average have earned a pre-tax cash-on-cash return exceeding 25%. We anticipate opening approximately 7 stores to 8 stores this year and 7 stores to 8 stores next year. We will continue to focus our development on stores that produce a high return on investment. The final component of our growth strategy is the development of Chuck E. Cheeses around the world. During our year-end 2009 conference call, we stated that we believe that international development of our concept provides shareholders with a significant long-term growth opportunity and announced a collection of $2.4 million, which granted three separate franchisees the rights to develop 25 stores in the Middle East, 8 stores in Chile, and one store in Guam. We've developed a comprehensive international strategic plan and are actively searching for additional quality partners in Mexico, Columbia, Brazil, Argentina, Peru, Panama and Costa Rica. As stated in prior calls, international development will not materially impact earnings for the next several years; however, we believe that our focus of attracting quality international partners provides our shareholders with a solid long-term growth opportunity. Our focus is the development of one great concept, Chuck E. Cheeses. Our last strategy to enhance shareholder value is the continuation of our stock repurchase plan. During 2009, we repurchased $52.6 million of treasury stock for 1,775,089 shares, which represents 7.7% fully diluted shares outstanding at year-end 2009. During the first quarter of this year, we repurchased 453,859 additional shares or 2.1% of diluted shares outstanding at the end of the first quarter. Our first quarter is a strong seasonal period providing significant cash flow from operations. This strong cash flow is evidenced by our repurchase of $16.9 million of treasury stock and during the same quarter reducing debt by $49.8 million. We currently have $201.8 million remaining on our stock buyback authorizations by our Board of Directors. Chris will now provide you with an overview of our business outlook.
Chris Morris: Thanks, Mike. Mike stated in his presentation that we have set an internal goal to increase comparable store sales 2% in 2010. As we discussed in our last conference call, we believe this goal is achievable based on the combination of our strategic initiatives and soft comparisons in the last three quarters of the year. However, in light of the external environment we continue to remain cautious in our near-term outlook for the business. At this point in time, we are estimating comparable stores sales growth calculated on a same week basis will be in a range of up 1% to 2% in fiscal-year 2010. We are slightly raising our estimates of fiscal-year 2010 diluted EPS to a range of $2.70 to $2.80, representing a growth rate of 8% to 12% excluding the extra week from 2009. Incorporated into this guidance are the following assumptions; we are assuming cheese prices will average $1.55 to $1.65 per pound in fiscal-year 2010 as compared to $1.28 in fiscal-year 09. Recall that every $0.10 change in cheese prices is estimated to impact pre-tax income by approximately $700,000 to $800,000. We expect slight pressure on the labor line associated with the ongoing pressure for minimum wage increases and anticipated increases in unemployment taxes. We're estimating fiscal-year 2010 depreciation and rent expense will grow 1% [ph] and 3% respectively. Were estimating a 10 to 20 basis point reduction in fiscal-year 2010 advertising expense as a percentage of total revenue. Were targeting approximately seven new company units in fiscal-year 2010, including one re-location. We are currently estimating total capital expenditures to be in a range of $96 million to $100 million. We are assuming an effective tax rate of approximately 38% for the year and we are assuming free cash flow will be used to repurchase shares on an opportunistic basis. While we are not providing quarterly EPS guidance, please note the following items related to the second quarter. Increases in minimum wage rates are expected to negatively impact cost of labor in Q2 2010 as the last scheduled increase in the federal minimum wage rolled out in July 2009. General and administrative expenses in Q2 09 benefitted approximately $870,000 from a favorable adjustment to our bonus accrual. Therefore this adjustment will have a negative impact on the Q2 2010 G&A comparison to the prior year, and our effective tax rate in Q2 2009 was 35.1% as certain discrete favorable adjustments were made in the second quarter of last year. We are currently expecting our effective tax rate in Q2 2010 to be 38%. With that, I will now like to turn the call over to Dick.
Dick Frank: Thanks, Chris. We continue to operate in somewhat difficult, although we believe slightly improved economic environment in the early part of 2010. Unemployment is still relatively high throughout much of the country and the consumer continues to be cautious. Despite the continuing economic headwinds carrying over from 2009, we are at least moderately pleased with the performance in the first four months of the year. Comparable store sales on a same week basis of positive 0.5% through the first 17 weeks of the year was led by our western region performance of positive 1.8%. This positive performance in California is important given the number of locations we have in the state and the high absolute dollar volume of the locations. Additionally, this strong performance has caused us to expand the number of markets with new games supported by Spot TV past the initial test markets of LA and San Diego. As we move ahead in 2010, our outlook on sales and performance is best characterized as one of cautious optimism. The economy still seems somewhat fragile, but our strategies are solid. We are pleased with the results realized from our capital initiatives, our continued focus on birthday party sales, school and non-profit fund raising and our recent changes to our pricing and coupon strategies. We intend to build upon these proven and successful initiatives to further improve our future comparable store sales performance. The strength of our brand Chuck E. Cheese's is once again evident in the seasonally high first quarter of the year. With operating cash flow of approximately $92 million, we were able to fund approximately $22 million in capital against new and existing locations, repurchase $17 million of our company stock while still reducing the outstanding balance in our line of credit by $50 million. At the end of the first quarter, the company has a balance of approximately $200 million in its share repurchase authorization. We look forward to sharing the performance of the company as we move through 2010. And at this time, Mike, Chris and I would be glad to answer any questions you might have.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And here we have a question from the line of Brad Ludington from KeyBanc Capital. Please go ahead.
Brad Ludington  KeyBanc Capital: Thank you. I wanted to start off with the strain on labor in the first quarter from the unemployment tax increases. Does that really  I mean, we're hearing from other companies that that primarily hits the first quarter and kind of rolls off. Is it similar here or should we expect that to continue in future quarters?
Chris Morris: We do expect it to continue in future quarters. The first quarter impact is probably going to be the greatest of the quarters in 2010, but it still going to be in the numbers.
Brad Ludington  KeyBanc Capital: Okay. And then on your  the 100 token bonus for moving your party off of Saturday, was that did you say for Sunday and Thursday or Sunday and Friday?
Chris Morris: Thats Friday and Sunday.
Brad Ludington  KeyBanc Capital: Friday and Sunday.
Chris Morris: Right.
Brad Ludington  KeyBanc Capital: Okay. Thank you very much.
Chris Morris: You are welcome.
Operator:
 :
 :
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan: Yes, hi, a couple of questions if I may. Chris, your leverage ratio I think you mentioned was at 1.7 times. And I think the company has historically talked about a target at two times. I'm just wondering what your view is longer-term through the course of the year. Would you consider using your balance sheet to bring that leverage ratio back to where you target  essentially on a share repurchase, for example?
Chris Morris:
 : Based on the timing of our earnings release for the prior year, the earnings release doesnt hit until the end of February. So we're just simply not able to be in the market repurchasing shares in January or February. So we find ourselves in a position where the business generates substantial cash flow that we are not able to use that cash flow to repurchase shares just because of the timing of the trading window.
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan: Well, it looks like you can take advantage of the market to your benefit, right? A question is  note the second question, if I may, on cheddar prices, your guidance for the block cheddar is I think unchanged from last time, $1.55 to $1.65, yet recently the USDA lowered their expectations for the year to a range of $1.49 to $1.54. Is that just your being conservative in your guidance?
Chris Morris: Maybe. Look we cannot  we are not in a position to speculate on the cheese market. We stopped trying to forecast that market a long time ago. I did notice that the USDA dropped their forecast, but based on all the information that we were receiving from our suppliers and our other sources, we just didn't feel like that now is the time to lower our estimate. So we just wanted to give you a range that we are assuming in our earnings guidance and then give you that metric every $0.10 change represents about 10 basis points. And then you can adjust your models accordingly.
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan: Sure, sure, I appreciate that. And Mike, one last question if I could. The fact that you talk cautiously optimistic about the year and sales trends and expectations and you talk a little bit more about a target of 2%. But given that you feel relatively cautious about the economy, what is your gut feel  your gut feel about taking the menu pricing that you are the fact that you're taking menu pricing midyear that's in that roughly 2% to 3% range anyway?
Mike Magusiak: Thats a good question, Bob. I think first of all when we are taking it up to about 2.5% to 3% for the rest of the year, there is two primary components. The first is on birthday parties and we've tied that to the Ticket Blaster. And as we stated, Ticket Blaster sales have significant exceeded birthday sales and non-Ticket Blaster stores. We've monitored that very closely. We have not yet even started advertising that. We are going to have a national advertising campaign and every indication so far shows that we have substantially improved the birthday party. So we feel good about that. And then the other largest component of the price increase is reducing the discount in the coupons that we offer our guests. In our revised coupon offering, the discount approximates about 33% to 35% discount above our menu price. We tested that in 35% of our stores. We saw no meaningful impact to sales, yet our cost to sales improved. And we really see a slight reduction to that discount as an initiative to actually increase sales going forward.
 :
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan: Did that test stores, Mike, for the Ticket Blaster, did they have the higher prices?
Mike Magusiak: Yes, it did. Substantially all of the stores in Los Angeles and San Diego, every one of those stores had  we increased the birthday parties by $1 per child.
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan: Got you, okay. Exciting program, Mike. Thank you.
Mike Magusiak: Thank you, Bob.
Operator:
 :
Mike Gallo  CL King: Hi, good afternoon. My question is on the advertising. I think you noted in your release that you're planning advertising as a percentage of sales to be down slightly. Given that you plan to roll out the Ticket Blaster, I was wondering why you wouldn't expect that line item to be more flattish to even maybe up a little on a year-over-year basis, particularly given  I guess it was down a little here in the first quarter and I would expect media rates in general should be moving up here as the economy improves in order to get the same weight. Thank you.
Mike Magusiak:
 : The second point is, you are right, we spent or we will spend over about an 18-week period about $300,000 advertising new games and rides in LA and San Diego. We are going to test an additional two to three markets and that additional cost depending on the markets we test might increase our advertising dollars from about $100,000 to $300,000. But at least what we are seeing so far and what we believe that our sales will go up and even though we are increasing our advertising dollars that our sales will offset that. So we anticipate for the year about two-tenths improvement in advertising to sales.
Mike Gallo  CL King: Okay, thank you.
Mike Magusiak: Youre welcome.
Operator:
 :
Greg Schroeder  Wisco Research: Hi, thank you. Mike, could you elaborate a little bit on how the introduction of the Ticket Blaster will help you to extend the birthday party time from an hour and a half to two hours? And then if you could maybe help us with what percent of your total sales are birthday parties, if you can measure that?
Mike Magusiak: Yes, yes. Id be happy to do that. First, the Ticket Blaster is somewhat of a separate issue than the two-hour birthday parties. We have been testing in our Ticket Blaster locations a two-hour party and one of the things that weve tracked for a number of years is the issues that we have with birthday parties and one of the biggest opportunities we feel we have is to increase the length of that birthday party, the kids can play more games, the adults have more time to relax, order more food. And so what we did is we looked at our busiest period, the first quarter on birthday parties and birthday parties, as you might expect, are more from the 11 oclock to 5 oclock, and when we re-laid that out we were able to expand the one and an half hour parties to two hours and even though we had some less wave of birthday parties, we were able to move the birthday parties to other hours. So we tested them with Ticket Blasters and what I would tell you is just response we are having from guests and they don't feel rushed, that it's just a much, much better birthday experience. And the birthday sales as a percentage of total sales, theyre about 14, almost 15% of sales.
Greg Schroeder  Wisco Research: Okay, thanks. And then if I could just on the birthday party pricing, which you're expecting to raise $0.50 to $1.00 in June per child, could you just remind me what the average price is right now for a birthday party per child?
Mike Magusiak: Yes. It varies by market. But its typically between the $9.99 and $13.99 price range.
Greg Schroeder  Wisco Research: Okay. And then just to I guess expand on that a little bit. In your expectation for the average check being up approximately 2.5% in Q2, 3% in the second half, I guess I was a little unclear whether that was just the addition of the fourth value menu item. And the  I guess is that an all-in average check including the birthday pricing?
Mike Magusiak:
 :
Greg Schroeder  Wisco Research: Okay. So that's both pricing and check? I mean that's the total you would expect for the rest of the year?
Mike Magusiak: Thats correct.
Greg Schroeder  Wisco Research: Okay, thank you.
Operator:
 :
Michael Wolleben  Sidoti & Company: Thanks, guys. Just two quick things here. With the calendar shift from the 53rd week last year, are there any other weeks that kind of fall on the borders here of the second through the fourth quarter that we should be looking out for?
Chris Morris:
 :
Michael Wolleben  Sidoti & Company: Okay, great. And then the last thing here. How are you guys looking at the market here to possibly increase the number of expansions that you guys are doing moving forward? Is there more store space available or are you looking into possibly upping the number of expansions into 2010  or 2011, sorry?
Mike Magusiak: At this point in time it will be about the same. We announced that we are going to do about 33 this year. We had an update yesterday, we look at that constantly and there can always be a little bit of movement from when a lease is actually executed. But I would suspect that it's somewhere around the level that we have this year.
Michael Wolleben  Sidoti & Company: Okay, great. Thanks
Operator: Mr. Magusiak, there are no further questions.
Mike Magusiak: Thank you. We appreciate your participation, and if you have any additional questions please call Chris, Dick or myself. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-29 16:30:00) =====
Executives:  Richard M. Frank - Executive Chairman of the Board Michael H. Magusiak - President and Chief Executive Officer Christopher D. Morris - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts:  Robert Derrington - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. Brad Ludington - Keybanc Capital Markets Greg Ruedy - Stephens Inc. Margo Murtaugh - Snyder Capital  Greg Schroeder - Jesup & Lamont  
Operator:  Welcome to the CEC Entertainment conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. (Operator instruction) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Mike Magusiak. Please go ahead.
Michael H. Magusiak:  Welcome to our conference call. I am Mike Magusiak, President and CEO of the Company. I am joined by Dick Frank, our Executive Chairman and Chris Morris, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin todays discussion, I would like to make you aware that some of the information presented today may contain forward-looking statements that involved risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied in the forward-looking statements. Information regarding the Companys risk factors was included in our press release and is also included in the Companys filings with the SEC. Additionally, in todays discussion; we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliation of our reported results to such non-GAAP financial measures, please see the earnings release filed earlier today or the investor information section of the Companys website. The primary objectives for todays call are first, to discuss our financial performance during the third quarter of this year. Second, we will provide you with an in depth review of the effectiveness of our sales initiatives and an analysis of sales trends by geographic area. Third, we will discuss our plans for Q4 2009 and fiscal year 2010 to position the Company for long term sales and earnings per share growth. Fourth, Chris will provide some concluding remarks regarding our business outlook. Finally, Dick will provide some concluding remarks and then I will open the lines for Q&A session. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Chris, who will review our financial performance for the third quarter.
Christopher D. Morris:  Thanks Mike. Total revenues in the third quarter declined 2% to $197.8 million, primarily due to 3.1% decline in comparable store sales partially offset by an increase of approximately six stores on a weighted average unit base representing the 1.2% increase in store operating weeks. By period in the third quarter, comparable store sales were down 6.1% in period seven, down 3.3% in period eight and $0.01 to 1% in period nine. Cost of food and beverage as a percentage of food and beverage sales decreased 180 basis points and 23% during the third quarter of 2009 and 24.8% in the third quarter of 2008. Primarily due to the declining cheese prices and the effect of a prior year adjustment of our beverage cost. During the third quarter of 2009, the average price per pound of cheese decreased approximately $0.62 or 33% compared to prices paid in the third quarter 2008, resulting in 110 basis point reduction. Cost of food and beverage in the third quarter of 2008 included the effect of a non-recurrent adjustment of vendor rebate allowance which increased beverage cost by approximately 90 basis points during the prior year period. Cost of entertainment merchandise as a percentage of entertainment merchandise sales increased 40 basis points to 8.8% during the third quarter of 2009 from 8.4% in the third quarter of 2008. Primarily due to a 20 basis point increase attributable to additional costs associated with an attraction that dispenses novelty fold photo cards and a 10 basis point increase attributable to additional ticket redemption from an in-store promotion involving our distribution of price redemption tickets. Labor expense as a percent of Company store sales increased 40 basis points to 27.7% during the third quarter of 2009 compared to 27.3% in the third quarter of 2008. Primarily due to 25 basis point increase and health benefit cost, a 3.8% increase in average hourly wage rates and deleveraging of fixed costs associated with the decline in comparable store sales. The increases were partially offset by 1.1% increase in productivity of our hourly labor force and a 30 basis point reduction in performance-based compensation cost. Depreciation and amortization expense related to our stores increased $600,000 to $19.2 million during the third quarter of 2009 compared to $18.6 million in the third quarter of 2008. Primarily due to the ongoing capital investment initiatives occurring at our existing stores and new store development. Store rent expense increased $300,000 to $17 million during the third quarter of 2009 compared to $16.7 million in the third quarter of 2008. Primarily due to an increase on the number leased properties resulting from our new store development and to launch our extending expansion to existing stores. Other store operating expenses as a percentage of Company store sales were flat at 16.4% for both the third quarter of 2009 and 2008. During the third quarter of 2009, higher repair and maintenance costs were offset by reductions and other operating expenses. Advertising expense as a percentage of total revenues increased 30 basis points to 4.6% during the third quarter of 2009, a 4.3% in the third quarter of 2008. Primarily due to combined 20 basis point increase in television and internet-based media expenditures associated with [higher] marking programs in 2009. General and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenues decreased 230 basis points, to 5.7% during the third quarter of 2009 from 8% in the third quarter of 2008 primarily due to the non-recurrence of prior year legal related cost and a favorable adjustment to a tax penalty reserve during the third quarter of 2009. Prior year legal related cost included the unfavorable effect of an accrual in the third quarter of 2008, and $3 million an aggregate loss contingencies. During the third quarter of 2009, we settled certain issues related to federal income tax examination of our 2003 through 2005 tax years and realized a $900,000 benefits from the reductions of a tax penalty reserve. Interest expense decreased to $2.8 million during the third quarter of 2009 compared to $5.1 million in third quarter of 2008. Primarily due to 110 basis point decrease in the average effective interest rates incurred on outstanding balance of a revolving credit facility and the decrease of an average debt balance outstanding between the two quarters. During the third quarter of 2009, the average debt balance outstanding under our revolving credit facility was $334.1 million compared to $390.3 million during the third quarter of 2008. Our effective income tax rate was 38.5% and 36.9% for the third quarters of 2009 and 2008 respectively. The increase in our effective income tax rate was primarily due to the effect of favorable state and US federal tax adjustments in the third quarter of 2008 and to lesser extent unfavorable tax adjustments in the third quarter of this year. Net income increased 28% to $2.8 million to $12.7 million during the third quarter of 2009 compared to $9.9 million in the third quarter of 2008. Diluted earnings per share also increased 28% to $0.55 per share for the third quarter of 2009 from $0.43 per share in the third quarter of 2008. We repurchased 1.1 million shares of our common stocks since beginning of the third quarter of 2008 which benefitted third quarter diluted EPS. On a year-to-date basis for Q3, comparable store sales declined 2.7%, net income increase 3% or $1.6 million, the $55.8 million and diluted earnings per share increased $0.21 to $2.42 reflecting a 9.5% growth rate as compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase in diluted earnings per share between the two periods was favorably impacted by a repurchase of approximately 6.1 million shares of our common stock since the beginning of the first quarter of 2008. During the first nine months of 2009, the business generated approximately $127 million of operating cash flow. We invested $51 million in new and existing stores, reduced the outstanding balance on our line of credit by $62 million and used $33.6 million to repurchase 1.1 million shares of Company stock bringing the outstanding balance at the end of the third quarter on the share repurchase authorization to $37.8 million. On October 27th, our Board of the Directors approved a $200 million increase in the share repurchase authorization bringing the total authorization to $237.8 million which represents approximately 40% of our current market capitalization. This authorization is a testament of our positive long term outlook for the business - the strong free cash flow of characteristics of our model and our commitment to return the capital to shareholders. We ended the second quarter with balance of $339.6 million on the Companys revolving line of credit, reflecting a leverage ratio of 1.87 to 1 well below the maximum leverage ratio of 3 to 1 as required by our revolving credit agreement. Michael will now update you on our 2009 and 2010 strategies.
Michael H. Magusiak:  During our last earnings conference call on July 30th, we stated that we performed an extensive review of our business including the effectiveness of our sales strategies and the probable impact that external factors such as the economic recession and the H1N1 had on our performance.  We concluded first our sales strategies were sound. Next the Chuck E. Cheeses were seen as a good value. However, in this difficult economic time, consumers were cutting back on restaurant and entertainment spending. Third, that the H1N1 negatively impacted our business primarily from the last week of April through the first week of June. Fourth, our business continued to generate significant cash flow and we enhanced our financial strength by reducing debt in improving our cost structure. Finally and most important, that we believe that we were poised for sales and earnings per share growth as our business and the economy improves.  During our July 30th call, we further shared monthly comparable stores sales as follows: April was down 1.2%; May was (-8.8%); June was (-6.5%); and July was (-6.1%). At that time, you may recall, we went into great detail regarding the impact we believed the H1N1 outbreak and the intensified media coverage was having on our business. Since that time, our comparable store sales trends have materially improved with August being (-3.3%) and September being essentially flat or (-0.1%) following the 6%-8% negative sales performance of the May to July periods. On a quarterly basis, our comparable store sales are summarized as follows: quarter one, we were (-0.1%); quarter two was (-5.4%); and quarter three was (-3.1%). Comparable store sales during October are (-2.2%) which is slightly better than the third quarter sales trend. Since our last earnings conference call on July 30th, comparable store sales for the last 13 weeks are (-1.8%). While impossible to quantify, we believe the H1N1 outbreak continues to impact our sales. Reported absenteeism is at high levels at schools throughout the country and as a result, many of our potential guests maybe ill with H1N1. The Company has implemented a multi-phased H1N1 plan for our guests and employees including an enhanced cleaning and sanitization products and standards, installation of Purell sanitizers for our guests and employees at all of our locations. Despite a very difficult economic environment and H1N1, we believe that sales have held up reasonably well and we believe this is a direct result of the strength of our concept and the result of our sales building initiatives. Our business continues to generate significant cash flow. During the first three quarters of this year, we reduced our debt by $62.3 million. We purchased treasury stock totaling $33.6 million and continue to reinvest in our core stores in build one new company store totaling $51.2 million of capital expenditures. We believe that this capital reinvestment will position our concept well as economy improves with the decline in the unemployment rate and consumer spending returns to reasonable levels. Based on our continuous evaluation of our business including a very detailed analysis of our sales strategies, we intend to aggressively grow our business through capital and sales initiatives. We plan to materially increase the number of store expansions and the number of new company stores both of which have historically resulted in consistent strong financial performance. In addition, we view international development as a significant long term growth opportunity. Before we discuss these three growth strategies, we will update you on our sales performance by region. Starting with the regional sales performance, we believe that the economy is clearly impacting our sales performance and there is a significant correlation between sales performance by geographic area and the severity of the recession particularly in California and Florida. Year-to-date comparable store sales through the third quarter by region are summarized as follows: Western is (-7.7%); the Central region is (-0.3%); the Southeast region (-1.2%); and the Northeast is (-1.2%), for total Company comparable store sales through the first three quarters to be (-2.7%). The sales trend over two-year timeframe of combining sales performance during the first three quarters of 2009 and 2008 provide insightful information. The two years sales trend by region is summarized as follows: the Western region is (-6.2%); the Central region is 5.9%; the Southeast is 0.4%; the Northeast is 3.6%, for a total Company two-year sales trend being 0.7%. Despite the very difficult economic market, which started deteriorating in the second half of 2007, our Company wide two years sales trend is 0.7%. Year-to-date comparable store sales for 95 core locations in California and Florida are (-8.8%) and 6.2% respectively. Despite negative sales trends, the average store in California and Florida continue to materially exceed the average company store in sales, store profit and cash flow. We intend to impact approximately 75% of our stores in California and Florida with capital initiatives during 2009 and 2010 including game enhancements, major remodels and expansions. We believe that this capital reinvestment will establish a solid foundation along with quality operational execution to build long term sales and profit increases if these two state economies recover. In addition, we are continuing to evaluate regional marketing opportunities that support our capital and operational initiatives in California and Florida. I will now focus our discussion on a more aggressive plan to grow our business. With three components of our growth plan, the first is comparable store sales, the second is new unit development and the third, long term growth opportunity is international development. We will continue to foster a very strong mentality to increase comparable store sales and we believe that we are currently testing certain sales initiatives that will enhance an already very solid comparable store sales strategy. Our first sales initiative is an aggressive capital plan. This year we intend on spending approximately $46 million of capital expenditures to impact a 162 stores. This capital plan includes 8 major remodels, 28 store expansions, and 126 game enhancements. Our preliminary capital plan for 2010 is projected to impact 190 to 200 locations, an approximate 20% increase over 2009 and an estimated cost of $60 million to $65 million. The most significant enhancement to the 2010 capital plan is to increase in the number of store expansions to approximately 35 stores representing a 25% increase over 2009. We are also implementing a plan to expand approximately 40 to 50 additional stores in 2011. Our decision to increase the number of store expansions is based on the consistently strong financial performance of expanded stores over the past three years. During the past three years we have expanded a total of 53 stores, and the average pre-post sales increase during the first twelve months, immediately following the investment compared to the three month period prior to the investment in each of the past three years has exceeded 20%. As of today, this year we have already completed 20 store expansions and have an additional 9 expansions under construction. Our next sales initiative is to increase birthday sales, which continues to be a primary focus of our business. Despite a very difficult economic environment, our birthday sales on a year-to-date basis are slightly positive at 0.4%. We will continue to evolve and enhance our birthday party experience and are currently testing in 20 stores to Ticket Blaster in which the birthday child in a reserve birthday party enters a clear cylinder called the Ticket Blaster in which air circulates Chuck E. Cheese prize redemption tickets. The birthday star grabs the tickets culminating the birthday celebration. We are excited about this test which if successful could be rolled out on a system-wide basis next year. Our objective would be to increase the number of birthday parties and provide us with pricing flexibility. Our next sales initiative is to increase weekday sales. Year to date school fund raising sales have increased 11% to $5.3 million. We continue to have strong sales momentum with this initiative and recently completed the training of our district managers on an additional week day sales initiative targeting non-profit charitable organizations. We have had great success with our school fund raising initiative and believe that our operators now have an enhanced opportunity to build weekday sales with the addition of non-profit charitable organizations. Finally we have been successful in increasing coupons redemptions to free standing inserts, cross promotions, direct mail, online advertising and through our Chuck E. Club with over 3 million members. Our consumer research continues to confirm that through the combination of our quality product and price that we remain a good value for our guests. We believe we have an opportunity to decrease some discounts on our coupon offers and increase our average check without significantly impacting the number of redemptions. We will be testing this pricing strategy during January 2010. Our next opportunity for growth is to accelerate the development of new stores. During the past three years from 2006 to 2008, we have opened a total of 29 new stores. These new stores average annual sales approximate $2 million and provide the Company with cash return on investment exceeding 25%. This year we will open three new stores. Because of strong performance of our new stores, we are accelerating the pace of our new store openings to approximately 5 to 6 stores in 2010 and 5 to 7 stores in 2011. We will continue to focus our development on stores that produce a high return on investment. The final component of our growth strategy is the development of Chuck E. Cheeses around the world. We believe that this is a significant long term opportunity that we focused on over the past year and are starting to reap the benefits of our international development efforts. We anticipate signing and closing two development agreements and a separate franchise agreement during November of this year. These agreements provide our franchisees with the rights to open 34 Chuck E. Cheeses in the Middle East, Chile and Guam. We are encouraged by current sales and cash flow produced in the existing international stores and believes that international development provides us with a significant long term growth opportunity. We have made this strategic decision to focus all of our efforts on the development of Chuck E. Cheeses domestically and throughout the world because of the strength of our brand and our earnings model. We also announced in our press release that our Board of Directors approved an additional $200 million stock repurchase authorization. We have $37.8 million remaining from our previous authorization brining our total by back authorization to $237.8 million. This authorization underscores our belief in our concept and long term opportunity to enhance shareholder value. Chris will now provide you with an overview of our business outlook.
Christopher D. Morris:  We continue to believe in our strategic plan for 2009 and that our focused execution of the plan is working to mitigate the effects of the challenging consumer environment. We are particularly pleased with the improvement in our recent comparable store sales trends, considering the unique external factors related to the recent outbreak of Influenza creating additional head wins for the Company. Predicting sales growth for the fourth quarter is always difficult as the low seasonal sales base has the potential to exaggerate relatively minor fluctuations in business. For the first four weeks of the fourth quarter, comparable store sales are down 2.2%. If this trend continues throughout the balance of the year we would expect fiscal year 2009 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $2.63 to $2.67.The following assumptions are incorporated into this assessment. We are estimating the average cheddar block price per cheese at approximately $1.50 per pound in the fourth quarter. We are on target to open two new Company units in the last period of the year. We are assuming our effective tax rate in the fourth quarter will be in the range of 37.7% to 38.5%. We are currently estimating total capital expenditures in the 2009 year to be approximately $70 million and we are estimating the extra week in our 53 week 2009 year to benefit diluted EPS by approximately $0.10. We believe our strategies have positioned as well for sustainable sales growth as the economic environment improves and the influenza activity abates. In light of the poor visibility with respect to 2010, it is difficult to forecast sales results with any meaningful degree of certainty. However our best estimate based on the information available today, this fiscal year 2010 comparable store sales growth will be in the range of flat to up 1% and 2010 diluted earnings per share will be in the range of $2.70 to $2.80 representing a growth rate of 6% to 10% excluding a benefit of the extra week from fiscal 2009. The following assumptions are incorporated into this estimate. We are estimating the average cheddar block price per cheese for fiscal 2010 to be in the range by $1.50 to $1.60 per pound. We are targeting 5 to 6 new Company units in 2010 including two relocations. We are assuming our effective tax rate will be in the range of 37.7% to 38.5% for the year. We are currently estimating total capital expenditures in 2010 to be in the range of $90 million to $95 million and finally we are assuming the Company will use its free cash flow to opportunistically buy Company stocks. With that I will turn it over to Dick.
Richard M. Frank: From a top line perspective many of the external head wins we experienced in the second quarter of the year, carried over into the third quarter as well. Comparable store sales declined 3.1% during the quarter as we believe we were negatively impacted by the economy and the H1N1 outbreak. Although clearly disappointed anytime comparable store sales are negative, we are somewhat encouraged by the improvement in our recent comparable store sales trend. Given the current operating environment, providing guidance for the fourth quarter in 2010 is extremely challenging. Yet our primary focus is not on the external environment but rather on the involving in improving our concept and financial model to insure that as the environment improves that CEC is well positioned to participate in that recovery. Mike has showed you in detail our strategies going forward and we continue to believe that they are solid and are providing us reasonable financial performance in this difficult consumer environment. The Company remains financially strong as evidenced by our ability to reduce debt by $62 million. We purchased approximately $34 million of the Companys treasury stock while re-investing $51 million in our co-stores in one new location during the first 9 months of 2009. This financial strength coupled with a long term belief in the global prospects for our brand were key factors in the Board of Directors recent decision to increase the Companys buybacks authorization by $200 million. It is impossible for us to know exactly when the consumer environment will emerge from this downturn. While our approach is to exit financially stronger with a better product positioned for growth. We look forward to sharing our future results with you, and at this time Mike, Chris and I would be glad to answer any questions you may have.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Robert Derrington with Morgan Keegan please go ahead
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.:  I am just curious, Dick if you could tell us for a second, what was it that kept you from authorizing the repurchase sooner than what you did? Was it just the uncertainty of the environment?
Richard M. Frank:  You mean the additional $200 million?
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.:  Yes.
Richard M. Frank: No. We think the timing was appropriate, we still have $37.8 million remaining on the past authorization, and just as that sort of balance came down the Board just felt it appropriate to look longer term, and again based on the factors we went through on the call, decided it was time to increase that authorization.
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Sure I applaud the move. Could you give a little bit of well, Dick I am not sure whether this is best for Mike, but kind of looking at the trend in the revenue mix, the entertainment merged sales, clearly this past quarter we saw continued shift. It is higher as a percent of your overall revenue. Can you help us understand what is going on there and kind of what the strategy is around that piece of the business? Is it that food sales are falling or how should we think about that?
Christopher D. Morris:  The shift, that 1.6% shift in the revenue mix is a combination of two things. Number one and this is the bigger of the two. Number one, the packaged products that we sold in the third quarter of 2009 compared to the third quarter of 2008, simply had a heavier weighting towards entertainment and merged. So it is really just a function of the mix of all of our package products, birthday parties, coupons, value meals, and et cetera, and this year compared to last year there were just a heavier weighting towards entertainment and merged. So it is really not a function of a shift in customer behavior, and then to a lesser extent, there has just been a slight mix shift this year in entertainment and merged revenue in the third quarter of 2009.
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Got you and last question if I could, the birthday Star Blast Capsules, can you give us a little bit of sense of what kind of results you have seen in testing in Dallas, are there any reads early on, on the 20 stores on which you rolled it?
Richard M. Frank: Yes Bob I will take that one. First on the 20 stores that we rolled with the exception of Dallas, we just rolled out the birthday or the Ticket Blaster about two weeks ago so it is really early in the vast majority of the store. What we are testing is really the acceptance from our guests and the excitement from our guests and the very early read is our guests really liked it. From our perspective that is the number one item that will impact our decision to potentially roll it out system wide, is how much of a positive impact we can have on our guests. It is way too early to evaluate sales results, but a very early analysis is that our guests really like the ticket blaster and that is the primary purpose for our tests.
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Have you figured out Mike, how to best capture the guest excitement and how it affects the revenue piece of the business? In other words will it only be offered through the scheduled program as opposed to the walk-in program, can you up-sell additional features to it?
Michael H. Magusiak:  We have had several discussions on that point Bob. I think the number one opportunity that we see is that, first of all for the marketing perspective, it is a call to action. We believe that if we produce a national TV commercial, showing a kid in a Ticket Blaster, winning tickets, that we believe that we can increase the number of birthday parties throughout the United States. We also believe that as kids are experiencing the Ticket Blaster that their friends will also see it and encourage them to want to book their birthday party at Chuck E. Cheese so that would be the primary method for us to increase our birthday sales and then we have also considered potentially up-charging for walk-in birthdays.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Ludington with Keybanc Capital Markets, please go ahead.
Brad Ludington  Keybanc Capital Markets:  I want to start up just talking about the attendance at parties, you said in the second quarter that the number of birthday party bookings was relatively stable, that attendance was down. Is that still the case or has that stabilized some here in this quarter?
Richard M. Frank: I will take that one Brad. Our birthday parties have continued to trend down throughout this quarter but what we have seen is that birthday sales during the month of September were down only about 4% so we have seen an improvement in birthday sales during September and then during October, the number of reservations that we have taken in our call center and over the web for three of the last four weeks have increased. So we have seen deterioration for a few months but it is starting to come back in September and now at least in the four weeks of October we have seen positive reservations.
Brad Ludington  Keybanc Capital Markets: When you talk about the potential rollout of the Ticket Blaster system wide, if this test continues to go successful here in the fourth quarter, what kind of timeframe do you think you would be looking out for the 2010 rollout?
Richard M. Frank: We believe that we have a very good read on the Ticket Blaster in the month of November because our birthday parties in November are seasonally high, so we will continue to evaluate it here over the next couple of months. At this point in time it is too early to provide you with the potential roll out date for that Ticket Blaster.
Brad Ludington  Keybanc Capital Markets: Ok, and you are talking about the month of October specifically we have heard a few companies say that Halloween falling on a Saturday is going to probably hurt their same store sales, is that the same with you guys?
Richard M. Frank:  Probably a little bit.
Brad Ludington  Keybanc Capital Markets:  Just briefly and I will jump back in the queue, on the opening 5 to 6 next year, 5 to 7 2011, should we expect that you may want to continue to accelerate that rate when you look at 2012 and beyond?
Richard M. Frank:  That is probably a decent assumption that we would increase it slightly. Right now we are focusing on gearing up in 2010 and 2011, but going out three years or maybe a couple more stores maybe appropriate.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Michael Gallo with C. L. King. Please go ahead. Mr. Gallo, your line is open. Okay, we will move on to the next one. Greg Ruedy with Stephens, please go ahead.
Greg Ruedy  Stephens Inc.: Mike, you discussed the birthday sales are sequentially improving here in October. The October sales trends have [dizzled] just slightly. Can you then help us maybe breakout the walking business and what deceleration is there?
Michael H. Magusiak:  It is very difficult over a short period of time. What we are trying to do is, would give you four weeks in October that are (-2.2%). We compared that to the third quarter with comps that were (-3.1%) so, slightly better than the third quarter and with such a small change over such a short period of time. I would not draw any conclusions on walk-in parties and so forth. We believe that our business despite the economy and despite H1N1 continues to do relatively well in the early part of the fourth quarter, but reading between birthday parties and walk-in business over such a short period of time is very difficult.
Greg Ruedy  Stephens Inc.: Okay, fair enough. You did mention in the script that you are going to look at maybe pulling back on the discounts, on the coupon, and going after a little better check. Can we assume that maybe next we will move back towards the food and ease up on the tokens? Any else you can share there?
Michael H. Magusiak: Yes, it is hard to project the mix going forward. But we do not really see a material change in our mix in the fourth quarter for that matter next year. Your observation on the third quarter was right but that was only for one quarter. We believe we have an opportunity to do with our coupons is that we have been very successful increasing the [PPA] of coupons throughout this year. We offer our guests an unbelievable value with coupons and value meals and also with the capital that we have reinvested in our stores. We believe we have a very, very good value equation and we think that we can fine tune that somewhat to increase our average ticket a little bit more and we are going to testing that in the first quarter of next year.
Greg Ruedy  Stephens Inc.: Okay, moving on the capital plan. I appreciate the color on 2010. When we think about those expansions, how many do you have locked down now with the landlords? What kind of favorability, if any, do you stand to realize?
Michael H. Magusiak: We have not lease assigned but maybe one or two stores but very deep in to the negotiations or agreed upon prices of almost 30 of the 35 stores. Then, we are looking at another 30 plus stores having serious landlord discussions with and then we have identified probably another 70 to 80 stores on top of that. So, we are well into the process and we believe that we able to execute the 35 expansions and more than anything else, we just believe that those will provide our investors with an excellent return on investments.
Greg Ruedy  Stephens Inc.: So, with the respect to terms that you are negotiating now versus what you put place over the last three years, any delta that you care to discuss?
Michael H. Magusiak:  We feel good about the 35 stores that we have shared with you for 2010 and then as we have also said, we anticipate the increase set in 2011 to 40 to 50 expansions and there is not much more to share with you regarding our expansion plans.
Operator:  (Operator instructions). 
 :
 with :
,:
Margo Murtaugh  Snyder Capital :  In the $95 million CapEx for next year, can you just break that down completely? I know you talked about $60 million to $65 million touching the 200 locations? Where the rest of it will be going? What you regard as your maintenance CapEx just to keep the stores in shape? Or what is the normal remodeling or what is the normal cycle for keeping the games up-to-date etc? I am just trying to get a sense of what free-cash flow is after really not necessarily expenditures to keep the business healthy.
Michael H. Magusiak: 
 :
Margo Murtaugh  Snyder Capital : Okay. How much of that goes for expansions, for example the $60 million to $65 million, how much is for expansions?
Michael H. Magusiak:  On average, our capital CapEx first store for an expansion has run to $1 million to $35 million.
Margo Murtaugh  Snyder Capital : Okay, all right. So the increase in CapEx next year is coming from more expansions?
Michael H. Magusiak:  In large part it is more expansion.
Margo Murtaugh  Snyder Capital : Yes, okay. What is your debt to EBITDA target? It is sounds like you just going to buy back stocks from free-cash flows, is that the case? What level of debt to EBITDA do you feel comfortable with?
Michael H. Magusiak:  Our targeted capital structure is debt to EBITDA of two the one. That is the announcement that we made back in October 2007. What we have always said is over the long run we want to manage the business around the two to one leverage ratio. Here in 2009, we are just a touch below there; we are at [1 to .87]. But over the long run, we intend to get our leverage ratio back up to that two to one.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Greg Schroeder with Jesup & Lamont, please go ahead.
Greg Schroeder  Jesup & Lamont:  First question was on the international development. Just so I understand this right, you are going to make further announcement in November so I am taking that will be probably go to the definitive in November? But, right now you got two development agreements and one franchise agreement that encompasses about 34 stores? You are probably looking at 2011 before those stores start to open, is that correct?
Michael H. Magusiak: We will open at least one store next year. And you are right. We plan on announcing the signing of the development agreement in Chile and also in the Middle East during November. We actually have a site that we have approved and Riyadh that I am personally going to see in January of next year. Our franchise partners are looking at another store in Abu Dhabi. Next week, Mark Gordon, our Senior Vice President in-charge of International Development that we brought on our team to utilize all of his vast international experience. Mark and I are going to look the sites next week in Santiago, Chile. We believe that we have good franchise partners and we also believe that over the long term this is a significant opportunity for us to grow our business.
Greg Schroeder  Jesup & Lamont:  Do you think you have your hands full here with the agreement that you are putting in the place right now or you are looking for additional agreements there?
Michael H. Magusiak: There is no doubt. We are in the process of developing a worldwide strategic plan. We are focusing on quality franchise partners; we are identifying areas of the world that we are going to target first. It is going to be very fairly narrow target based on quality development and based on what we are seeing in our international stores now from both the sales and cash flow perspective. We believe that we have a really solid earnings model that will take some time to open the stores throughout the world, but we do see over a long period of time a significant growth opportunity for our Company.
Greg Schroeder  Jesup & Lamont:  Yes, the terms on those, will they similar to a typical franchise agreement in the US with the opening key and a royalty?
Michael H. Magusiak: That is correct. Just in round numbers this November we anticipate to collect upfront cash between $2 million to $2.5 million for those agreements, and then going forward, a store fee as the store is open and the royalty fee for our efforts in assisting our franchisees to build their sales and to build their cash flow.
Greg Schroeder - Jesup & Lamont:  Okay, $2 million to $2.5 million upfront fee collected in November? Then, the remainder depends on the timing of the opening?
Michael H. Magusiak: That is correct.
Greg Schroeder - Jesup & Lamont:  Okay, and the final thingI know you got a handful, I think, 14 stores in Canada that you operate as a Company. Can you continue to operate those or look for franchise there?
Michael H. Magusiak: We are continuing to operate our stores in Canada and we are very encouraged with that. I have talked to number of international executives. A lot of companies have had a hard time making money in Canada and we are fairly successful in Canada so, we see that as a positive as we go to another part of the world. You probably already know this, but the money that we collect upfront is not going to go to income, that will be amortized over the opening of the store. But the important part is we will have a couple of million dollars that we can utilize to purchase our stock or for other corporate purposes.
Operator: It looks like we have a follow up from Robert Derrington with Morgan Keegan, please go ahead.
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.:  Yes, Mike thanks for the additional clarification on that $2 million to $2.5 million amortization. What is the collective numbers? Is that for, in total, 35 restaurants?
Michael H. Magusiak: For the actual 34 restaurant, that is correct Bob. That is for our franchisees to develop those territories.
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.:  Yes, and then typically there is an additional and again, that is booked as income as those stores open right?
Michael H. Magusiak: That is correct. We amortize that development. The over the store opening period and in addition to that upfront development fee, we also charge a franchise fee that we receive and is recorded to income as those stores open. And from our perspective, the biggest opportunity is a royalty fee as we open a number of stores that is consistent from quarter to quarter. We are really excited to work with our franchise partners to make them successful, for them to build sales, and for them to receive a very good return on investment.
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.:  When we would we expect to see the first beginning of this openings to occur, Mike?
Michael H. Magusiak: We expect for sure one store in 2010 as I have said earlier. We have approved the Riyadh site and Mark and I are going over there to assist the net opening in January.
Robert Derrington - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.:  And then it is likely 2% licensed royalty that you collect?
Michael H. Magusiak: We do not get into the terms of the royalty but I would tell you that it is significantly higher than that.
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.:  That is great, that is terrific.
Michael H. Magusiak: We are charging competitive rates because our earnings model allows us to do so.
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.:  Sure. Switching gears for a second, you gave us the regional sales trend across the system. Did you see, Mike, or could you tell whether there was much impact from swine flu either later in the third quarter or here into the fourth quarter? Should we just dismiss this as it is gone or it is not an issue or how should we think about it?
Michael H. Magusiak: I would not think of it as that Bob, I wish we could. We have had a lot of discussion on the swine flu as an executive team. You can look at our sales trends over the last 13 weeks that our comparable store sales are (-1.8%) and you can see an improvement in our sales trends versus in the past 4 to 5 months. From that perspective the economy has not materially improved and so with sales trends improving, the swine flu has not had an impact in our business. When we just step back and we use our common sense, at least our belief, we have a number of kids that are home sick with the H1N1. And so our belief is, it is hitting our business today. In October our comps were (-2.2%) so, it is hard to know exactly what it is hitting us. One of our observation though, and again this is again our belief, is when we compare it back to the second quarter, there appeared from our perspective to have some almost panic with the swine flu. It does not appear to have that but we do believe that it is negatively impacting us and we believe that it will continue to negatively impact us this year and we will just deal with it, we have done everything we can to protect our guests and our employees and as the swine flu ends we hope to benefit from our comparisons of comfortable store sales next year, going against that hit this year.
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.:  Mike, one thing that you talked with us before about was how the trend especially, out in your Western region, particularly California. As you came in September, you were coming over the top of materially weaker numbers. How much of that is contributing to the improvement and the trend that we were seeing?
Michael H. Magusiak: Not much, Bob. If we look at California during the third quarter versus year-to-date during the first two quarters, it is almost flat. We did see somewhat of an improvement in Florida, last week California had a relatively good week versus the prior trend. But today, I think things were still tough up in California. We do believe over the period of time going against these our comparable store sales will help us. We can continue to reinvest in California despite declining sales trends in California, it still generates a lot of cash flow and a lot of profit. We believe sooner or later it is going to turn around. I think the economy in California is still pretty difficult.
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.:  Last question if I may. You also had talked with us, Mike, about some incremental coupon drops around a number of your restaurants. Can you give us those were printings like [Ad Bower]; I think Clipper Magazine or things like that? Can you give us any kind of feed or read? Are those complete? Did they work? Were you satisfied with those?
Michael H. Magusiak: They are not complete, Bob. We have had a fairly successful redemption rate on those coupons. What we have not seen is a correlation to increased redemptions and increased sales. So, we are in the process of evaluating the redemptions and the correlations of sales but to date we have not seen a significant correlation that those redemptions have increased total sales. We are in the middle of that direct mail tasks; we are going to continue to evaluate it. So, at this point in time, it is not conclusive.
Operator:  We have a follow up from Brad Ludington with Keybanc Capital Markets, please go ahead.
Brad Ludington  Keybanc Capital Markets:  Bob just covered my question, thank you.
Operator:  We have follow-up question from Greg Schroeder with Jesup & Lamont, please go ahead.
Greg Schroeder  Jesup & Lamont:  I just wanted to clarify one thing on the international development. There are no capital outlays on your part and on those deals, is that correct?
Michael H. Magusiak: For these 34 stores, that is exactly correct. They are franchise locations.
Greg Schroeder  Jesup & Lamont:  Okay. I have been reading a little bit about Disney and some of their plans to invest some capital onto their stores and have some interactive activities and I am just curious if you have any overlap with Disney or you are more suburban, they are more urban? Does that make sense?
Michael H. Magusiak: We are not familiar exactly where Disney is looking to make any investments.
Operator:  There are no further questions, please continue.
Michael H. Magusiak: Thank you for your participation, if you have any further questions please feel free to call Chris, Dick or myself. Thank you, bye.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-19 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Mike Magusiak - President and Chief Executive Officer Chris Morris - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dick Frank - Executive Chairman
Analysts: Michael Gallo - CL King Greg Ruedy - Stephens, Inc. Bob Derrington - Morgan Keegan William Hamilton - SMH Capital
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the CEC Entertainment teleconference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session (Operator Instructions). Id now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mike Magusiak.
Mike Magusiak: Good morning. Welcome to our conference call. Im Mike Magusiak, President and CEO of the company and Im joined by Dick Frank our Executive Chairman and Chris Morris, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin todays discussion, Id like to make you aware that some of the information presented today may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied in the forward-looking statements. Information regarding the companys risk factors was included in our press release and is also included in the companys filings with the SEC. The primary objectives for todays call are first, to discuss our financial performance during the fourth quarter and fiscal 2008. Next, we will provide you with an in-depth review of the effectiveness of our sales initiatives, an analysis of sales trends by geographic area and our thoughts regarding 2009 sales. Third, Chris will discuss our outlook for the business during 2009 and finally, Dick will provide some concluding remarks and then open the lines for a question-and-answer session. Now Id like to the turn the call over to Chris Morris, who will review our financial performance for the fourth quarter.
Chris Morris: Thank you, Mike and good morning everyone. Before specifically discussing the fourth quarter, I think its important to briefly review our accomplishments for the full year. Total revenue for the year grew 3.7% in 2008 from $785 million in fiscal year 07 to $815 million in fiscal year 08 due to an increase in comparable store sales of 2.3% and an increase of approximately five units in our weighted average unit base representing a 1% increase in store operating weeks. Net income increased to $56.5 million in 08, from $55.9 million in 07 and diluted earnings per share increased to $2.37 in 08 from $1.76 in 07 reflecting a growth rate just shy of 35%. This growth benefited from the companys cumulative share repurchases of $409 million during the 07 and 08 fiscal years. When we look back at 2008 we see a year full of challenges, both from a top-line and a bottom-line perspective. Needless to say the economic climate was increasingly difficult during the year and commodity prices were at historical highs for a significant portion of the year. Given these challenges, we are pleased with the financial results we delivered during 08. Now lets move on to the fourth quarter. Total revenue for the quarter decreased slightly from $175.1 million in Q4, 07 to $175 million in Q4, 08 primarily due to decline in comparable store sales of 1.5% partially offset by an increase of approximately six units in our weighted average unit base reflecting a 1.2% increase in operating weeks. Cost of sales as a percent of company store sales decreased 30 basis points, from 16.9% to 16.6%. This decrease is primarily due to a $0.26 reduction in cheese prices and a 50 basis point reduction in total pizza cost resulting from an enhanced cheese blend and the resizing of large and medium pizzas as discussed in previous calls. These reductions were partially offset by 24% increase in dough cost and a 30 basis points increase in prize and merchandise costs. Labor expenses as a percent of company store sales increased 50 basis points from 29.2% to 29.7% primarily due to higher group medical cost compared to the prior year. Depreciation and amortization expenses increased from $18.8 million to $19.5 million, representing a 40 basis point increase as a percent of revenue. Rent expense increased from $15.9 million to $16.4 million representing a 30 basis point increase as a percent of revenue. Other company store operating expenses, as a percent of company store sales increased 190 basis points from 14.5% to 16.4% primarily due to a 50 basis point increase in insurance costs in Q4, 08 compared to Q4,07 and the de-leveraging effects associated with negative comparable store sales. In addition, the fourth quarter and the prior year benefited 80 basis points from the receipt of $1.5 million in business interruption proceeds, related to store closures caused by hurricanes Katrina and Rita. Advertising expenses as a percent of total revenue increased 60 basis points from 4% to 4.6% due to our enhanced marketing plan. General and administrative expenses as a percent of total revenue decreased 80 basis points from 8% in Q4, 07 to 7.2% in Q4, 08, primarily due to a $1.7 million favorable adjustment to the companys contingency reserve for ongoing litigation matters. Interest expense was $4.4 million in both Q4 08 and 07. Net income increased to $2.4 million in Q4, 08 compared to a net loss $564,000 in Q4, 07. Diluted earnings per share were $0.11 in Q4, 08 compared to loss of $0.002 in the same period of the prior year. Now lets move on to our cash flow and financial position. During 2008, the business generated $144 million in operating cash flow. We invested $85 million in new and existing stores and used $161 million to repurchase 4.9 million shares of company stock, bringing the outstanding balance on the share repurchase authorization to $71.4 million. We ended the year with a balance of $402 million on the companys revolving line of credit reflecting a leverage ratio of 2.2 to 1, well below the leverage ratio cap of 3 to 1 as required by our revolving credit agreement. As expected, our debt balance slightly increased during the low seasonal fourth quarter. However, during the first seven weeks of the first quarter of 09, a high seasonal quarter we have reduced our balance on the line of credit by $37 million, bringing our balance on the line of credit to $365 million. Mike will now update you on our strategies to drive shareholder values.
Mike Magusiak: Thanks, Chris. As everyone is aware the marketplace in which we operate changed dramatically in the latter part of 2008 and has continued into 2009. This morning we hope to communicate what this change in the economic environment has meant to us from a top line perspective, and share our thoughts relative of how to we intend to respond. The obvious place to begin is with our recent sales performance. We are going to share a significant amount of sales information with our objectives being; first, to quantify the effectiveness of our sales initiatives; second, to analyze our sales trends by geographic area and provide insight into the effect the economy is having in different regions of the country; and third and finally, to provide our methodology and thought process regarding how we built our 2009 sales forecasts by quarter. The first component of our sales analysis is the evaluation of our strategies to increase comparable store sales. Throughout 2008, we provided you with five specific sales initiatives; first, multiple strategies to increase birthday sales; second, strategies to increase school fund raising; third, a focused effort on suggestive selling; fourth, a strong capital plan for existing stores; and fifth, an enhanced multi-media marketing plan directed to moms and kids. We believe that these strategies were effective throughout 2008 and early 2009. Specifically, sales results attributable to these strategies include, core birthday sales increased $8.3 million or 9.5% in 2008 compared to 2007. Fourth quarter core store birthday sales increased $1.9 million or 8.4%. This momentum has continued into 2009 with comparable store birthday sales increasing approximately 6%. In May of 2008, we eliminated the birthday cake from our standard birthday package and introduced a new Hershey cake as an add-on to our birthday package. Birthday cake sales increased by $2.2 million in 2008, with the momentum continuing with an increase of $600,000 in the fourth quarter, period one birthday cake sales have increased from two tenths of a percent of sales in 2008 to four tenths of sales in 2009. Second, core store weekday school fundraising sales totaled $6.6 million in 2008 representing a 28% increase over 2007. Fourth quarter 2008 fundraising sales totaled $2.2 million, representing a 52% increase over the fourth quarter of 2007. Fundraising sales, as a percentage of total sales have increased to eight tenths of 1% in 2009 compared to seven tenths of 1% during the same period of 2008. Next, we focused our efforts to develop a culture suggestive selling in our restaurants. To that end we implemented two nationwide suggestive sales campaigns last year and initiated a new campaign two weeks ago. We are continuing with extensive sales training of our cashiers and birthday hostesses and have introduced new food products for our team members to sell. The results have been dramatic. During the second quarter of last year, we implemented food platters system-wide. Food platter sales increased from $2.1 million in 07 to $10.8 million in 08. Fourth quarter food platter sales increased from $0.9 million in 07 to $3.3 million in 08. The sales momentum continues into 2009 with period one sales increasing from 0.4 million in 2008 to 1.3 million in 2009. The four sales initiatives to impact core sales is a very strong capital plan. During 2008, we completed 20 store expansions, 15 major remodels and 125 game enhancements. Last year we increased our focus on store expansions because they have produced the best financial results. We completed 15 store expansions in 2006, 19 in 2007 and 20 in 2008. Stores expanded in 2006 benefited from an increase in comparable store sales exceeding 20% during the first 12 months following the expansion. Stores expanded in 2007 benefited from an increase in comparable store sales, exceeding 25% for the first 12 months following the expansion. This strong sales performance has continued in 2009. Stores expanded in 2008 have generated comparable store sales growth of approximately 20% for the first seven weeks of 2009. In addition, weve enhanced our 2009 capital plan by increasing the number of store expansions to at least 25 stores. The last major sales initiative that we believe positively impacted comparable store sales is our enhanced marketing plan with increased television impressions to kids and moms and the implementation of significant online media plan targeting moms. This sales initiative is difficult if not impossible to quantify, but based on feedback from focus groups and years of evaluating, changes in media weights, impact on sales we believe that we have a very solid and effective advertising plan. From our perspective, its clear that the sales strategies which worked so well in the first half of 2008 are still appropriate and effective. Yet our sales performance has softened and we believe its a direct result of the deterioration in the environment in which we operate. This is apparent when reviewing our sales results by quarter for the last year and first seven weeks of 2009. Quarter one of 2008 was positive 3.6%; quarter two was positive 5.6%; quarter three, was positive 1.1%; in the fourth quarter, we were negative 1.5% and in the first seven weeks of 2009, we are negative 1.4%. January comparable store sales decreased 1.9% and February has decreased 0.6%. Clearly, the economy is impacting comparable store sales, but from our perspective given the economic environment our sales are holding up reasonably as well and we believe this is a direct result of our sales building initiatives. Further, simply reviewing quarter-by-quarter sales in the first seven weeks of 2009 do not tell the entire story as the economy appears to be impacting Chuck E. Cheese differently in various regions of the country. Sales by region, in fiscal 2008 were; our central region was positive 5.2%; our northeast region was positive 3.8%; our southeast region was positive 1.3%; and our Western region was negative 0.6%. During 2008 we had seven major markets, defined as five or more stores with comparable store sales over 5%. These markets were Baltimore, Boston, Denver, Nashville, New York, Pittsburgh and San Antonio. No major market during fiscal 2008 had sales worse than 5% negative. Our worst performing markets in 2008 were Orlando and Sacramento, both with markets declining 4% in comps. Other notable markets in 2008 with negative comparable sales were Los Angeles, negative 2% and San Diego and Tampa both negative 1%. Now lets shift to the fourth quarter. Sales by region in the fourth quarter of 2008 were; the central region was positive 2.5%, the northeast region was positive 0.1%, the southeast region was negative 0.7% and the western region was negative 7.3%. Clearly the western region had the weakest sales during the fourth quarter. In addition, the southeast region was negatively impacted by Florida sales results. A similar pattern is revealed in the first seven weeks of 2009. The central region remains strong with comparable store sales increasing 2.7%, the southeastern region turned positive 0.4% despite soft sales in Florida, the northeast region is slightly negative at 0.7% which we believe has been negatively impacted by weather, and the western region remained very soft with negative comps of 7.6%. Our obvious conclusion regarding recent sales trends is that the economy, especially in California and Florida is negatively impacting our performance. While California and Florida are soft Chuck E. Cheese is experiencing strong sales results in a number of other markets. In markets where we have at least five stores in the market, we had five markets in both the fourth quarter and year-to-date 2009 with comparable store sales increasing 5% or better. We are always disappointed with negative comparable store sales. However, we believe that given the current economic environment our sales are holding up reasonably well. Recognizing the challenging operating environment and even though we believe our sales strategies are sound, we constantly are revisiting what we can do differently to improve our sales performance. First, however lets cover what we are not going to change. We are not going to change our sales strategies relating to birthdays, fundraisers and suggestive sales. These strategies are working and we intend to execute these strategies to the highest extent possible. Next we will execute our capital expenditure plan of spending approximately $44 million in 2009 to complete 25 store expansions, eight major remodels and 105 game enhancements. However, in addition to moving forward with these existing strategies, we will look for opportunities. We will start with California and Florida. Within the next three weeks our executive team will visit essentially all of our stores in Los Angeles and San Diego. Our focus will then shift to Florida with our store visits focused on ensuring that we have an excellent facility and entertainment product, obtain input from our operators and guests and seek to identify opportunities for increasing sales in these markets. Next, well continue to evaluate the effectiveness of our television advertising. We conducted focus groups in Los Angeles, approximately five weeks ago. Based on feedback from moms and kids, we modified our television creative by adding three of our most impactful commercials that we produced last year. In addition, we slightly modified the mix of media messaging, targeted to kids and moms. We implemented both of these changes two weeks ago and are encouraged by the recent results with comparable store sales being positive in both of the last two weeks. Third, we will continue to enhance our coupon strategy. Our focus groups in Los Angeles reaffirmed results from previous focus groups, that Chuck E. Cheese is a very good value. Despite being a good value, we believe that improving value in a very difficult economy will improve guest traffic. Specific value initiatives include; increase in the frequency of coupons distributed to our email database of approximately 500,000 consumers in California and Florida and potentially select other markets; second increasing our online media to provide parents with coupon offers and incentives to join our E-club; and finally, we are lowering the prices for certain coupon offers. As stated earlier, we believe that our strategies are sound and these tweaks to our media buy and coupon strategy should only serve to enhance our sales initiatives. Sales are difficult to predict in any environment and especially in our current economic environment. However, the last objective we had regarding our sales update was to share our thoughts in how we built our sales forecast for 2009. First, we evaluated comparable store sales performance by quarter for 2008 and 2007. We netted comparable store sales for each of the quarters in 2008 and 2007 to obtain a relative performance measure over the past two years. For example, comparable store sales in the first quarter of 2008 and 2007 were positive 3.6% and 0.5% respectively. Net compatible store sales are therefore 4.1% in the first quarter. Net comparable store sales for the past two years by quarter are; quarter one, positive 4.1%; quarter two, positive 4.1%; quarter three, negative 1.4%; and quarter four, negative 4.0%. Based on our sales performance over the past two years, which incorporates much easier sales comparisons in the second half of 2009 for California and Florida, we built our sales forecast by quarter for 2009 as follows. Quarter one and two with comps negative 2% to 3%, and quarters three and four flat sales to negative 1%. There can be no assurance that this sales performance will be achieved or potentially exceeded. However, this is currently our thought regarding 2009 sales. Before I turn the call over to Chris, I want to conclude with several observations, past sales regarding the financial strength of our company. In such a difficult economic environment, we built our 2009 strategic plan on a few guiding principles. First and foremost, we are protecting our core stores with a strong capital plan. Next, we build a plan to maximize free cash flow which provides us with significant financial flexibility. We did this by tightening down on our costs and by planning to develop only five high volume new stores. Assuming that comparable store sales and our costs are reasonably close to our projections, we anticipate that operating cash flow will exceed capital expenditures by approximately $75 million to $80 million. Currently we are utilizing our free cash flow to reduce debt and weve already reduced our debt by $37 million this year. However, we will continue to monitor our sales in the economic environment and will evaluate opportunities to repurchase our stock and enhance shareholder value. Chris will now review with you our current outlook for our business.
Chris Morris: As we begin the 2009 fiscal year, the outlook for the consumer economic environment remains extremely negative. We believe we have developed a strong strategic plan for 2009 in which we will build upon the 08 sales initiatives that have proven to be successful and are hopeful that our plan will work to mitigate the negative impact associated with the weakening consumer environment. However, given the unprecedented challenges facing our customers, it is difficult to forecast 09 with any meaningful degree of certainly. However, based on everything discussed today, our best estimate at this point in time is comparable store sales will decline approximately 1% to 2% in fiscal year 2009 and diluted EPS will be in the range of $2.53 to $2.65, reflecting a growth rate of 7% to 12%. Incorporated into this estimate are the following items. We are assuming cheese price will average $1.40 to $1.45 for the fiscal year. We are targeting approximately five new company units, including one relocation and two new franchise stores in 09. We are currently estimating total capital expenditures to be in the range of $70 million to $75 million. Fiscal year 2009 will be a 53 week year. We currently expect the addition of this extra week to benefit 09 diluted EPS by approximately $0.10. We are assuming an effective tax rate of 38.5% for the year and we are assuming free cash flow will be used to pay down debt. However, as we move forward into 2009, we will continue to evaluate the economic climate, as well as our sales and cash flow trends. Based on the results of this evaluation, we may build cash reserves or repurchase shares and paying down debt. During our last conference call we stated that if comparable store sales were flat, diluted EPS would be in the range of $2.72 to $2.78. Since this time, cheese prices and interest rates have declined, offsetting the negative effects associated with our lower sales outlook. As a result, the principle difference between the guidance we provided in October to todays guidance is our assumption that well use free cash flow to pay down debt versus repurchasing shares. With that I would now like to turn the call over to Dick.
Dick Frank: As Mike shared with you, after a great start in 2008, comparable store sales softened in the last half of the year resulting in comparable store sales actually turning negative by the fourth quarter. This sales trend is carried into 2009 with same-store sales being down 1.4% for the first seven weeks of the year. We believe that this shift in sales trends is largely attributable to the dramatic changes in the economic environment in which we operate and has occurred despite what we believe are solid and effective sales building strategies. These strategies include a strong capital plan with respect to our existing stores, an enhanced marketing plan and focused sales efforts regarding birthday parties and school fundraising events. We intend to continue to evolve and build upon these strategies throughout 2009 while looking for additional opportunities to drive top-line sales. The marketplace is obviously challenging, especially in California and Florida, but we believe in the strength of the Chuck E. Cheese brand and are confident in our long-term business outlook. The company remains financially strong as we project operating cash flow will exceed capital expenditures by approximately $75 million to $80 million. We recognize the challenges ahead may be significant, but we intend to stay focused, evolve and execute our strategies in a high-quality manner and enhance long-term shareholder value. At this time, Mike, Chris and I will be glad to take any questions that you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Michael Gallo -CL King.
Michael Gallo - CL King : The question I have is on birthday parties. I was wondering as the economy is continuing to get worse here early in 09, whether youve seen any change in trends toward parents booking birthday parties? Obviously that business held up pretty well in 2008. I guess, as we start to dissect the traffic and the comps a little bit further, what youre seeing on the birthday party business versus what you are seeing in the everyday traffic?
Mike Magusiak: As we stated, our birthday sales and this is just core stores, comparable store birthday sales on a year-to-date basis are positive approximately 6%. So we feel that initiative is working. With comps being negative 1.4% on a year-to-date basis, we are losing it on the typical walk in business.
Michael Gallo - CL King : Coming back to the trends, I think my recollection was earlier in 2008, that the trends toward birthday parties had been even stronger. My guess is, has that trend held pretty constant throughout the quarter or has it that gotten tougher heading into 09? Just trying to get a feel for whether you are starting to see that area become more difficult or whether that just continues to hold pretty steady?
Mike Magusiak: You would think that the economy would impact birthday sales, but really throughout all of 2008 when we implemented our revised birthday party we saw strong birthday sales throughout 2008, including the fourth quarter. We feel good about our birthday sales year to date this year and we are actually rolling out a new birthday package in May, June of this year 2009 to hopefully kick birthday sales even a little bit higher.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Ruedy - Stephens Inc.
Greg Ruedy - Stephens Inc.: Your plans to remodel expand and enhance the games; I dont think it has changed material from the last quarter. Do you project the returns continuing to stay here given the macro and what other factors are in play to gives you confidence to move forward with your CapEx guidance versus maybe reduce the debt load further?
Mike Magusiak: That is a good question. First of all, I would believe that if the economy is weak it would impact remodels or expansions or any part of the business, but at the same time we are very encouraged by our capital expenditure results early in 2009. We expanded 20 stores last year and year to date 2009 those 20 stores are averaging about 20% up in sales. So when we look at our capital expenditures, we really see that as a long-term investment to have the best product in the marketplace and we feel that is really necessary in good times, in difficult economic times that with the economy improving, when it does improve we really believe that that great product in the marketplace is going to benefit us.
Greg Ruedy - Stephens Inc.: Switching to the cost side of the equation, youre getting help on the dairy side of it, but are there any cost-saving initiatives that you can discuss that youre putting in place. It looks like comps are going to be maybe a little softer here in the first half?
Chris Morris: Greg, this is Chris. There is nothing specific that weve implemented, but what I will tell you that we are very focused on controlling costs. Not only at the field, but here in the support center weve had a number of meetings as we developed our 2009 plan and we have an incredibly sharp focus on controlling cost in this environment. So, Id say it is more than a broad initiative, but nothing specific.
Mike Magusiak: One thing I would add to what Chris said is we built our 2009 plan. We really did try to tighten our costs from every aspect in the company, our departmental and operational department expenditures are below last year and thats 53 weeks versus 52 weeks and then as you are aware we pay our operators and our executives off of increased sales and profit. When we look at actual expenditures in 09 versus budgeted expenditures in 08 versus budgeted 09, we actually see the compensation for the operators and the executives based off of our plan down about $4 million and thats built into our earnings guidance that we are providing you.
Greg Ruedy - Stephens Inc.: Okay. Last one and I will pass it on. The game merchandise is ticking up, whats the inflation on those costs and then do you adjust the number of tickets needed for redemption or is there a way to push the children to certain prizes?
Chris Morris: First, the 30 basis-point increase that we saw in the fourth quarter, thats not a trend that we expect to continue throughout all of 2009. It relates to a specific initiative in the fourth quarter of 2008 to liquidate certain components of our prize and merch inventory. There may be a slight increase in the first-quarter of 2009, but once we get through Q1 of 09, we expect pricing in merch to return to historical levels. In terms of adjusting the number of tickets per game, yes we do have that ability to adjust our tickets per game at the store level. I dont know, Mike if you want to comment.
Mike Magusiak: No, thats good direction, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Derrington - Morgan Keegan.
Bob Derrington - Morgan Keegan : Mike, could you tell us a little bit about how the TV plan changed. Thats obviously benefiting sales here in the first quarter to date?
Mike Magusiak: Yes, I sure can Bob. I think first of all, we are encouraged by the last two weeks of sales, specifically if you look at so far the numbers we are up against with some strong performance in the first quarter of last year and so we are encouraged by that. What I would tell you is it is only two weeks. There are a lot of variables that can potentially can change over such a short period of time, but we do believe that the fine tuning that we made to our advertising plan has benefited sales over the last two weeks. We had some focus groups in Los Angeles. We reviewed those commercials as we always do and what we did was we changed three commercials back to very, very strong commercials that produced last year and then what we also did we changed the mix of targeting moms and kids to go a little bit higher targeting kids. That happened two weeks ago and the results are early, but we are encouraged with that change to our advertising plan.
Bob Derrington - Morgan Keegan : Did the message change, Mike? In other words, did you push something, all games own token or something or--?
Mike Magusiak: It was really the TV creative that changed, Bob. We do have a value message in the marketplace. All games are won token and $0.25 tokens and so that message is there, but what we did was we brought back three very strong TV messages that we aired last year.
Bob Derrington - Morgan Keegan : Then, Mike when you look at menu where do we stand on menu pricing? I think you had about 1.8% at the end of January last year. Effectively, where will we be for Q1 of this year?
Mike Magusiak: About 1.5%, Bob.
Bob Derrington - Morgan Keegan : Okay, all right. So your year-over-year menu pricing was a little bit less as a percent?
Mike Magusiak: That is exactly right, Bob.
Bob Derrington - Morgan Keegan : As we move into the new suggestive selling program Mike, what is that program at this point and whats your expectation around that?
Mike Magusiak: Our program is focused on three specific areas; our value meals, token deals at the front order counter, and we really like those two packages because we have a higher ticket average, and by the packaging of value meals and token deals, we are giving an excellent value to our guests. So, we are driving the value meals from token deals and then we are also on the birthdays driving food platters, birthday cakes. Weve got a great Hersheys birthday cake and any incremental sales, whether it be token deals or value meals also at the birthday parties.
Bob Derrington - Morgan Keegan: And if could, one last one Chris. Can you help us understand, in your release you talked about the company store operating cost for the fourth quarter increased $5 million. Can you kind of parse this between the adjustments to the self-insured reserve, the increased merged cost and versus the adjustment last year?
Chris Morris: Can you just elaborate on that, Bob?
Bob Derrington - Morgan Keegan: Well, yes Im just wondering how much of the $5 million higher year-over-year for the store operating cost related to the insurance reserves?
Chris Morris: Okay, no problem. Relative to 07, we did see an increase in our self-insurance reserves or in other words group medical claims, general liability and workers comp claims, on all three. In the fourth quarter, increases in group medical expenses and general liability and workers comp increased in the aggregate of approximately $1.3 million or $0.04.
Bob Derrington - Morgan Keegan: Yes, is that because of increased incidents?
Chris Morris: Well, its a combination of two things. I would say on a general liability on workers comp, its a result of increase in claims, as well as a shift in claims that result in a higher reserve. On group medical, its more of a function of what we are comparing against. In other words, in 2007 we just had an exceptional year for group medical claims. So 08 we are not seeing an increase in costs, its more just compared to a favorable year in 07.
Operator: Your next question comes from Will Hamilton - SMH Capital.
William Hamilton - SMH Capital: Chris, first I was wondering if you can talk about flour and whether you renewed that contract and how that compares to last year now.
Chris Morris: Yes, dough costs for 2009 compared to 2008, we are expecting dough to be approximately 10% below 08 levels. We did lock in dough prices in the last six months of the year. Our purchasing department is in the process of evaluating what steps we want to take in 2009 to potentially lock in prices, but at this point in time we have not executed.
William Hamilton - SMH Capital: Okay, and then on the cheese front, I know you were contemplating the idea of looking at a contract, any update on that? Certainly at this point youre not, but whats the thought in terms of potentially doing a contract going forward?
Chris Morris: Its something that we always evaluate and youre absolutely right Will. At the very beginning of the year we were exploring the idea of hedging cheese during the 2009 year. Coming off a year where cheese prices averaged $1.86 and then we saw prices drop fairly dramatically, we wanted to just explore that idea. As you said we have not executed a hedge and at this point in time we dont intend to do so in 2009, and it really just comes down to cheese costs as a percent of our total sales, it represents about 2% of total of sales and our cash flow margins are so strong that it affords us the luxury of being able to weather the storm like we did in 2008 and then likewise benefit when cheese prices come down in a year like 2009. So over a long period of time, a hedging strategy would cost slightly more than a non-hedged strategy.
William Hamilton - SMH Capital: Right, okay sounds good. Mike, I was wondering just with the marketing budget you made some changes, but by and large it sounds like it should stay roughly the same. Can you give us a sense on the dollar budget that you plan for this year or maybe how much up versus I guess it was the $34 million, $35 million you spent in 2008?
Mike Magusiak: Yes, we are going to spend just a little bit over $35 million in 2009 and with that we have increase in our TV weights of about 7% and then we have about 50 weeks where we have a strong online advertising campaign targeting moms and the value of taking your kids to Chuck E. Cheese.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Bob Derrington - Morgan Keegan.
Bob Derrington - Morgan Keegan: Chris, could you give us within your earnings guidance whats the share count assumption in that EPS guidance?
Chris Morris: Well, as we said Bob, we are assuming that free cash flow would be simply used to pay down debt. Our share count, our total shares outstanding at the beginning of the year, just shy of $23 million, $22.7 million.
Bob Derrington - Morgan Keegan: Okay, alright and then how should we think in terms of the growth in the G&A line? Should we think of it in terms of expressed as a percent of revenue, can you give us any kind of guidance there, any kind of color?
Chris Morris: I think the best way to looking at it is just based on a pure absolute dollar standpoint. As Mike said, we believe in 2009 compared to 2008 there will be a benefit simply because we are expecting the performance based compensation in 09 to be lower than 08.
Bob Derrington - Morgan Keegan: So the likelihood is that on an absolute dollar basis we are looking at less dollars in that line?
Chris Morris: Basically I would assume that would be flat.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions.
Mike Magusiak: Chris made one minor change thats going to go down slightly on the G&A, Chris.
Chris Morris: Yes Bob, actually I went and looked back at my schedule, and incorporated into our EPS guidance is an assumption that G&A dollars will decline approximately $2 million in 09 compared to 2008. Sorry for the confusion.
Mike Magusiak: Thanks, Chris. If there are no further questions, please feel free to call Dick, Chris or myself. We appreciate your participation. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-21 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Mike Magusiak - President Dick Frank - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Chris Morris - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Analysts: Robert Derrington - Morgan Keegan Brad Ludington - KeyBanc Capital Markets Michael Gallo - CLK  Greg Ruedy - Stephens Inc Margot Murtaugh - Snyder Capital
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by and welcome to the CEC Entertainment teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, todays conference is being recorded. I will now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mike Magusiak; please go ahead.
Mike Magusiak: Thank you. Welcome to our conference call. Im Mike Magusiak, President of the company and Im joined by Dick Frank, our Chairman and CEO; and Chris Morris, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin todays discussion, I would like to make you aware that some of the information presented today may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied in the forward-looking statements. Information regarding the companys risk factors was included in our press release and is also included in the companys filings with the SEC. Additionally, in todays discussion, we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of our reported results to such non-GAAP financial measures, please see the earnings release filed earlier today or the Investor Information section of the companys website. The primary objectives for todays call are first, to discuss our financial performance during the third quarter of 2008; next, to discussion our strategic plan intended to maximize long-term shareholder value and produce significant free cash flow. Our strategic plan focuses on initiatives to increase comparable store sales and grow our concept with new units intended to produce a high return on investment. Third, Chris will discuss our outlook for the business in the fourth quarter and 2009 and finally, Dick will provide some concluding remarks and then open the lines for the question-and-answer session. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Chris Morris, who will review our financial performance.
Chris Morris: Thank you, Mike. The positive comparable store sales were at momentum we generated in the first half of the year continued into the third quarter despite a difficult macro environment and the number of temporary store closures relating to hurricanes. Third quarter comparable store sales growth was 1.1%. By period, comparable store sales were up 2.4% in period seven, up 1.8% in period eight and down $0.07 or 1% in period nine. Period nine, comp store sales growth was negatively impacted by 39 temporary store closures related to hurricanes Ike and Gustav. As a result of these closures, we lost approximately 265 store operating days during the quarter, which we estimate negatively impacted period nine in Q3 comps by 1.9% and $0.07 or 1% respectively. Accordingly, our best estimate is that Q3 comps would have been positive 1.8% without any impact from hurricanes.  We believe five major sales initiatives are positively impacting sales. First, a strong capital plan for existing stores; second, multiple strategies to increase purchase sales; third, a focused effort on suggesting selling in our stores; fourth, strategies to increase school fund raising events; and finally, enhance multi-media marketing plan directed towards kids. In a few moments, Mike will discuss each initiative in further detail. Now lets quickly review the bottom line performance. We reported third quarter earnings of $0.44 per diluted share. We estimate that Q3 was negatively impacted by three unusual items totaling $4.6 million or $0.13 per diluted share. First, we estimate hurricanes Ike and Gustav impacted third quarter pretax income by approximately $650,000 or $0.02 per diluted share.  Second, during the quarter we booked a one-time adjustment with respect to vendor rebates. The total non-cash pretax charge was $950,000 or approximately $0.03 per diluted share, which was recorded in cost of sales and finally during the quarter, we booked a pretax $3 million contingency reserve for ongoing litigation matters representing $0.08 per diluted share, which was recorded in General & Administrated Expenses Now lets get into the details of the P&L. Total revenue grew 2.2% to $201.9 million due to growth in comparable store sales and an increase of three units in our weighted average unit base. Cost of sales as a percent of company store sales increased 30 basis points from 16.3% to 16.6%. This increase is primarily due to a 50 basis point increase in beverage costs related to the one-time vendor rebate adjustments noted earlier and an increase in dough and buffalo wing cost as a percent of store sales. These increases were partially offset by $0.09 reduction in the average price paid per pound of cheese in Q3 08 compared to Q3 07 and a 50 basis points reduction in total pizza cost resulting from enhanced cheese blend and the resizing of large and medium pizzas as discussed in previous calls. Labor expenses as a percent of company store sales increased 30 basis points from 27% to 27.3% primarily due to a $1.2 million adjustment in the prior year, which reduced group medical expenses to reflect favorable trends with respect to medical claims. This increase is partially offset by a reduction in hourly labor costs as a percent of store sales. Depreciation and Amortization expenses increased from $17.8 million to $18.6 million; as a percent of total company store sales, D&A expense increased 30 basis points. Rent expense increased from $16.1 million to $16.7 million; as a percent of total company store sales rent expense increased 10 basis points. Other company store operating expenses as a percent of total company store sales increased 100 basis points from 15.4% and 16.4%, primarily due to a 90 basis point increase in insurance expense resulting primarily from a favorable adjustment to workers compensation and general liability reserves in the prior year and losses during the quarter stemming from the hurricanes. Advertising expenses as a percent of total revenues increased 20 basis points from 4.1% to 4.3% related to our enhanced marketing plan. G&A expenses as a percent of total revenue increased 190 basis points from 6.1% to 8% primarily due to the previously discussed legal contingency reserve.  Interest expense increased from $3.1 million to $5.1 million representing a 90 basis point increase as a percent of total revenue. This increase is related to an increase in outstanding borrowings from the prior year partially offset by lower interest rates. On a year-to-date basis, comparable store sales grew 3.4% and diluted EPS grew 31% to $2.25, despite the negative impact of unusual items in the third quarter. During the first three quarters of 2008, the business generated approximately $125 million in operating cash flow. We invested $63 million primarily in new and existing stores and used $161 million to repurchase 4.9 million shares of company stock bringing the outstanding balance from the share purchase authorization to $71.4 million. We ended the quarter with a balance of $393 million on the companys revolving line of credit. Our current $550 million revolving line of credit expires in October of 2012. Under the terms of this agreement, the company is required to comply with two financial current calculations. First, the maximum leverage ratio the company is permitted to have at end of every quarter is a debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 3:1. At the end of Q3, the companys leverage ratio was 2.1:1 providing comfortable cash flow cushion. Second, the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio the company is required to have at the end of every quarter is 1.5:1. At the end of Q3, the companys coverage ratio was 2.2:1, again, providing comfortable cash flow cushion. We continue to believe for our business that leverage ratio of approximately 2:1 is an appropriate amount of leverage considering the strength of our cash flow over a long period of time. Over the last four quarters operating cash flow has exceeded capital expenditures by $73 million representing a free cash flow yield of approximately 11.5%. Further more, we believe a 2:1 leverage ratio lowers our weighted average cost of capital and enhances a long-term shareholder value. The current incremental borrowing rate on our credit facility is 4.5%.  In summary, we currently believe the combination of our strong cash flow and the existing borrowing capacity under our credit facilities provide ample flexibility and liquidity to meet expected strategic and financial needs. Mike will now update you on our strategies to drive shareholder value. 
Mike Magusiak: Thanks, Chris. Our strategies to increase comparable store sales execute cost containment initiatives to maintain industry leading margins and significantly increased earnings per share are evident in our year-to-date financial performance. During the first three quarter of 08, comparable store sales increased 3.4% and earnings per share grew 31%, despite certain unusual items during the third quarter. I will first review with you our 2008 strategies to maximize long-term shareholder value including our comparable store sales initiatives and our development plan to open high sales volume stores that produce a strong return on investment. I will then discuss our 2009 strategies including a significantly enhanced sales plan as well as the development of company and franchise new stores. We established five major sales initiatives at the beginning of this year to increase comparable store sales. We believe that each of the five initiatives are positively impacting sales. These are: first, a strong capital plan for existing stores; second, multiple strategies to increase birthday sales; third, suggested selling emphasis and programs; four, strategies to increase school fundraising events; and fifth, an enhanced multi-media marketing plan directed to moms and kids. The first initiative to increase comparable store sales is a strong capital plan. This year, we intend to spend approximately $50 million on existing store capital expenditures, which will impact approximately 161 stores or 35% of our comparable store base. The detailed breakdown of our 08 capital plan includes 16 major remodels, 20 store expansions and 125 game enhancements. Year-to-date, weve completed eight store expansions, 11 major remodels and 82 game enhancements. We track each capital improvement by store and evaluate sales before and after the capital expenditure. Each capital initiative category is driving comparable store sales and we believe not only protects our companys strong cash flow, but it will also be instrumental in increasing it over the long-term. The next important and successful sale initiative is a broad based focused on building birthday sales. Comparable store birthday sales increased 10% year-to-date and 15% in the third quarter. This sales increase is attributable to: first, an implementation of a system wide roll-out of a significantly improved birthday package in the second quarter of this year; second, an aggressive marking campaign promoting birthday parties including national television advertising and online media beginning in May of this year; and third, greatly increase focus and execution effects at the store level. The third comparable store sales initiative is the development of a suggestive sales culture in our restaurants, focusing on cashiers and birthday hostesses. We implemented two nationwide suggestive sale campaigns this year with the objective of increasing value meals, token deals, birthday sales and food platters. In each targeted sales category weve achieved significant sales increases.  Our fourth sales initiative is to increase weekday school fund-raising sales. Last year, our fundraising sales totaled approximately $5.6 million, representing 0.7% of total sales. We established a goal of increasing this revenue source by at least 10% in 2008. During the first three quarters of this year, our core store fundraising sales increased approximately 19%.  We believe that this increase is attributable to the following; first, our ongoing advertising of school fundraisers which continue to build guest awareness; second, contacting each fundraising group within one week after an event to rebook; and finally, providing support materials and training to our operators to book fundraising sales. Our operator sales mentality of booking and hosting weekday school fundraisers continues to accelerate. Finally, our key initiative that we believe continues to positively impact sales is our enhanced marketing plan directed to our moms and kids. Our advertising expense has increased 13% from $23.6 million in the first three quarters of last year, to $26.7 million in the first three quarters of this year.  Our 2008 marketing plan incorporates the key components of prior years plans, including a strong national television, campaign targeting kids and the national distribution of freestanding inserts supported with cross promotion and internet coupons. This year, we have significantly enhanced our overall media plan by marketing to moms with both television and online media advertising. In addition, we have re-introduced our where Kid can be a Kid slogan and jingle and we are promoting our new birthday package with television advertising. The second broad component of our strategic plan is to grow our concept with company and franchise stores. During the time period of 2008 to 2012, we project the opening of 30 to 40 company stores and 20 to 30 franchise stores. On the company side, year-to-date weve already opened four new stores and acquired two franchise stores. In addition, we have one store under construction in McAllen, Texas, which is projected to open in December of this year. Our strategy of primarily opening larger high volume stores in densely populated markets continues to produce a high cash return on investment.  On the franchise development side of our business, weve opened four new franchise stores this year. The strength of our 2008 sales and development plan is evident in our year-to-date comparable store sales and earnings per share performance. We believe that we have taken a strong 2008 plan and significantly enhanced the plan for 2009. First our capital plan is enhanced by increasing the number of store expansions, because they produce the best financial results. To provide a historical perspective, we expanded 14 stores in 2006, 19 stores in 2007, and eight stores year-to-date in 2008. The incremental sales increase attributable to these expansions exceeds 20%. We anticipate that we will complete 12 store expansions in the fourth quarter of this year and 25 to 30 expansions in 2009. Based on consistent sales results attributable to store expansions, we anticipate the increase number of expansions will provide a meaningful impact to comparable store sales. In addition a store expansion, we anticipate completing next year approximately 10 major remodels and enhancing games and rides in a 130 to 135 stores. In total we anticipate spending approximately 51 million to 57 million on existing store capital expenditures impacting a 165 to a 175 stores. Second, we have executed a very strong marketing plan in 2008 and we believe that our 2009 marketing plan is significantly stronger, because it incorporates all the components of the 2008 plan plus an estimated 7% increase in Television impressions to Kids and Moms and an online media plan target moms for 48 weeks in 2009 versus 32 weeks this year. Because of soft media market the strong plan is anticipated the cost only 3% to 4% more than 2008. Third, we did not rollout our new birthday party package until May of 2008 at which time we supported the enhanced birthday party with national advertising. Comparable birthday party sales January through May increased approximately 6% from June to September birthday party sales increased approximately 15%. We believe that we have an opportunity to significantly increased birthday sales through May of next year as well as capitalizing on the positive momentum of an upgraded birthday package in the second quarter of 2009. And finally, we have strong momentum in school fundraising and suggestive sales that we continue to focused our efforts and refine our plans to improve these revenue sources. We believe that the support materials and training of our operators to book fundraising sales will benefit us in 2009. In addition, were currently producing a suggestive sales video and training material to enhance our operator skill in suggestive selling. The second component of our strategic plan for 2009 is to grow our concept with high volume stores in densely populated markets that produce a high cash return on investment. We project that the 10 new stores that we open last year and the five new stores that we anticipating opening this year will produce average annual sales volume exceeding $2.1 million per store and provide a cash return on investment exceeding 25%. We will continue to implement this development plan and we currently project the opening of six to eight new company stores next year including one store relocation and three to five franchise stores. Further, we plan on using a soft real estate market to improve our already strong financial returns for both new store development and store expansions. As our 2009 sales and new store development plan clearly outlines our focus is executing a strong strategic plan, which provides our guess with an excellent product at a good value. We believe that we have implemented very strong sales and earnings plan in 2008 and yet have even stronger plan for 2009. What we cannot predict is strength or lack there, of the market environment in which we operate.  Certainly, the news of late has been increasingly negative and may impact our performance over the strong term; however, our focus is on the longer term and we fully anticipate that we will grow stronger relatively to our competitors because of our strong financial position, quality execution of our strategic plan.  Chris will now review with our current outlook on our business.
Chris Morris: Thanks Mike. As we begin the fourth quarter the outlook for consumer economic environment was increasingly negative. The combination of following housing prices, rising unemployment in a growing concern about the future of the U.S economy appears to be causing a significant pull back in consumer spending As a result, its difficult to estimate our confidence, the debt and duration of the slowdown in consumer spending. We believe the initiatives that were successful in building sales 3.4% for the first three quarters of the year were worked to ease the negative impact of the slowdown in consumer spending. While we remain confident of our sales strategies, we also recognized the pressure the consumers now they are heading into the holiday season, and realize the comparable store sale could be very volatile in a low seasonal fourth quarter. Leave us to say predicting sales in this type of environment is a challenge. As a result of these unique times, we are not providing specific comparable store sales guidance for the fourth quarter. However we are providing the following information regarding Q4 in fiscal year 08 financial performance. Comparable store sales for the first three weeks of the fourth quarter are essentially flat or down $0.06 to 1%. The comparable store sales remain flat through out the balance of the quarter, our estimate of dilute EPS for Q4 is a range of $0.15 to $0.17 and for fiscal year 08 a range of $2.42 to $2.44. Additionally, within the reasonable range of sales volatility, we estimate, the diluted EPS in both the fourth quarter and fiscal year will change approximately $0.2 with every 1% change in Q4 comparable stores sales revenue. Incorporated into these estimates are the following assumptions. We assuming the average price per pound of block cheese will be in the range of $80 to $85 during Q4 08. Labor expense as a present of companies store sale is expected to be higher in a prior year, primarily driven by an increase in group medical cost caused by favorable adjustment taken in the fourth quarter to prior year, reflecting improved trends.  We are expecting to open one new company unit in December08, bringing the total new openings in 2008, to five units. In addition during the third we acquired two franchise stores. We are assuming an effective tax rate of approximately 38.5% for the fourth quarter. We are estimating total capital expenditures for fiscal year 08 to be approximately $85 million. Looking ahead we believe we have developed a strong plan for 09 in which we will build upon the 2008 sales initiatives that are proven to be successful. We believe that these strategies will work to mitigate, the negative impact associated with the declining consumer spending. However, given the state of environment we remain cautious in our outlook and total visibility improves of our sales trends. We will not be providing specific comp store sales guidance for fiscal year 2009. However, to assist you with your financial models, we are offering the following. The comparable store sales are flat throughout Q4 2008 and fiscal year 2009; our best estimate of diluted EPS for fiscal year 09 is a range of $2.72 to $2.78. Additionally, within a reasonable range of sales volatility, we estimate the diluted EPS for fiscal year 09 will change approximately $0.12 with every 1% change in comparable stores sales growth. Incorporated into these estimates are the following assumptions. Fiscal year 09 will be a 53-week year. We currently expect the addition of this extra week to benefit 09 EPS by approximately $0.10. Were assuming the average price per pound of block cheese will be in a range of $80 to $85 during fiscal year 09. We currently expect our total advertising spend for fiscal year 09 to exceed 08 levels by 3% to 4%. We are projecting six to eight new company store openings including one relocation and three to five new franchise store openings in 2009. We are estimating total capital expenditures for fiscal year 09 to be in a range of $85 to $90 million. We are estimating our effective tax rate will be approximately 38.5% in 09. And we are assuming free cash will be used to repurchase shares on an opportunist basis. As we move into the 2009-year, we will continue to evaluate the economic climate, as well as sales and cash flow trends. Based on the result for this evaluation we may choose to pay down debt or build cash reserves and do our repurchasing of shares; however, at this point in time, given the success of sales initiatives to-date and our confidence in our 2009 strategies, our current plans are to return free cash flow to shareholders in the form of share repurchases.  With that, I will now turn it over to Dick. 
Dick Frank: Thanks, Chris. Due to the first three quarters of 2008 comparable store sales have been positive 3.4% with earnings per share increasing 31%, despite the negative impact of certain unusual items during the third quarter. We believe this performance specifically the comparable store sales performance demonstrates the effectiveness of the five key strategies implemented to drive sales in 2008. These strategies include a strong capital plan, an aggressive approach to birthday party sales an enhanced focused on school fundraising and suggestive sales programs, all reinforced by a solid marketing plan incorporating a strong multi-media effort targeted at moms and kinds. The performance of the first three quarters of 2008 translated into $125 million of operating cash flow reflecting the financial strength of our company. As we begin the fourth quarter, we are faced with both a difficult and largely uncertain economic environment. We are unable to predict with any degree of certainty what this downturn in the consumer environment might mean to our business in the near term, but our focus going forward is clear. Our sales plan in 2008 has been extremely successful as evidenced by the same-store sales performance to-date and we believed our plan for 2009, as outlined previously by Mike is even stronger. We have a great brand and Chuck E. Cheese, the financial strength to continue to evolve an enhanced our product offerings for our guest in the people to execute our plan in a quality and timely manner. This is within our control and we believe as executed properly should result in long-term shareholder value.  At this time Mike, Chris and I will be glad to answers, any questions you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Robert Derrington - Morgan Keegan. 
Robert Derrington - Morgan Keegan: Ive got a couple different questions; first off, I am not sure who to direct the question to, and Ill pick on you Mike. There are number things that clearly drove sales during the quarter, one of which were the fundraisers. You had great increase, great growth there, and also in the birthday party program, but obviously with comps being as they were, obviously there were weakness in the base business. Can you kind of give us a little bit of color of where that weakness is? Is that the daily walkup business you might see Mike? Or how would you describe it?
Mike Magusiak: Yes, Bob Ill take that and Chris may add to it. I think first of all as we look throughout the quarter each of our periods were positive in comparable store sales for both period seven, period eight and period nine, if you back out the hurricanes. So, relatively speaking, we had strong sales performance across the quarter, but then if you break it out a little bit deeper than that, on a yearly basis, every region of the company is positive in sales.  With that being said, if you look at the third quarter, our California western region was down almost 2% and so we saw the west coast drop off in sales. If you dig even a little bit deeper than that and you just look across United States, we still had an awful strong quarter in the southwest, it was up about 4% in the east it and was up about 3.4% for the quarter. So, more than anything else what we saw was some regional variability to our comparable store sales in the third quarter. 
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan : Okay and the other thing that kind of was a little bit different color than youve typically given us, was the wording about the fact that your free cash flow, you may be using it to reduce borrowings on the outstanding credit facility or to build cash reserves. Can you give us some color; have you had conversations with the banks, which have asked you to be a little bit more conservative with your plan? 
Chris Morris: Ill take that. Bob, this is Chris. We have had conversations with most of our large banks and our banks continue to be very supportive of our initiatives. They are very pleased with the ability to grow sales at a very difficult time. At this point in time, they have not indicated any concern whatsoever with respect to our ability to continue to comply with all the terms of their credit agreements as well as they havent indicated any concerns at all as to the banks continuing to fund our line of credit.  So thats the reason we had those comments in our prepared remarks is just given that the overall economic climate we felt that first, we wanted to give the investment community some details around the key covenants within our credit agreement and to assure you that not only are we complying, but we have a very comfortable cushion.  Secondly, as we look out to 2009, at this point in time we do continue to plan on using our free cash flow to repurchase shares in an opportunistic manner, but we also are going into this with eyes wide open and we are going to continue to evaluate our sales on a cash flow trend and we have the flexibility that in the event that the consumer environment continuous to soften, then we may look at our capital structure and our capital allocation differently. So thats all we were trying to communicate.
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan: And then one last question if I may? As we come in and look forward into 2009 obviously the first half of this year was a really strong performance for the company, same store sales particularly and as you come up against those tough numbers Mike you had commented about the possibility of seeing birthday party sales increases improve in 09, which may be able to help you offset those. Is birthday party increase enough to help those comps year-over-year be positive, against the tough numbers? 
Mike Magusiak:  Yes, I think where we were optimistic about our sales strategies Bob is for a couple of reasons. First of all, we shared with you that our average expansion is increased sales in excess of 20% over the past three years; sales increased in excess of 20%.  If you look at the fourth quarter of this year, we are going to complete 12 expansions and next year 25 to 30 expansions for the year. So, if you just take the store expansions in 08 and 09, we are going to complete 45 to 50 stores, which represents above 10% of our comparable store sales base; we believe that that will increase comparable store sales.  The second point regarding the birthday parties, we gave you two specific numbers as its relates to birthday party sales increases and in the first six months of the year or the first five months of the year, we increased birthday sales 6%. Since that time, when we improved our birthday party package and we started advertising it on TV, weve increased birthday sales by 15%. So, we can see, what we believe is a good pickup in birthday sales for the first half of next year.  Then finally and I would not under estimate this, but as we produce a very strong product in the marketplace along with a strong capital plan, I think Dick Houston and his team have pulled together a very strong plan for next year, were increasing the commercials, our points targeting moms and kids by 7% plus were in essence going on online media for almost the entire year. So I would say, it would be the combination of those three along with other sales initiatives that weve discussed. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Gallo  CLK.
Michael Gallo  CLK : A question that I have is around just mix of business what youre seeing over the last, I dont know, three or four weeks. Where do you see the significant shift in people spending less on the games that they come in or are you seeing real changes in customer behavior in a more erratic? Just want to get a sense of whether people are starting to pull back on the game spend, spending less money per occasion, or whether youve seen any changes in the average check of the last three or four weeks? Thank you
Mike Magusiak: We have not seen a material shift in our mix over the last several weeks.
Michael Gallo  CLK : Okay, thats helpful. Secondly, Chris did you buy back any stock in the quarter? Shares did you buyback and what was the average price?
Chris Morris: We did not repurchase any stock in the third quarter. We achieved our targeted leverage ratio of 2:1 at the end of the second quarter and when we entered the third quarter, we were still at 2.1:1, so we are still within our target leverage ratio. We did not buy any stock in third quarter.
Michael Gallo  CLK : It sounds like from your commentary that its fair to assume that we should expect buybacks, if there are any fairly approximate free cash flow, -- you dont want to move that leverage ratio too much higher from where it is now. Although, obviously I understand it would be opportunistic under some circumstances. Is that fair characterizations?
Chris Morris: That is a fair characterization, as I just stated we did achieve that target leverage ratio, so were comfortable with that. I would not look for us to materially change that at this point in time anyway and so from this point forward its just a be matter of using our free cash flow to repurchase shares on an opportunistic basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brad Ludington - KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Brad Ludington  KeyBanc Capital Markets: I wanted to ask first of on your 09 guidance, the assuming flat same store sales, the 272 to 278 does that incorporate $0.10 from the additional week in the fourth quarter?
Mike Magusiak: Yes. The overall guidance does, but when we said, we assume that our EPS will be within a range assuming flat sales that incorporate $0.10 and then the metrics is just either on top of that or bellow that.
Brad Ludington - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay and then going forward, I mean all the way through 2009, its probably the best assumption is that, you will not be taken on anymore debt. That correct?
Mike Magusiak: Yes, thats correct. Incorporated into our, that the financial information we gave you as far as 09, were just assuming that we maintain our leverage and we use free cash flow to repurchase shares.
Brad Ludington - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Okay and then just what was the rebate adjustment this quarter, was that I didnt understand what youre talking about, something extraordinary or something that just normally little ahead cause every once in while?
Mike Magusiak:  No, its a more of unusual charge; the $940,000 reflects a one-time non-cash charge related to the timing of when we recognize the benefit of vendor rebates. Historically, our approach has always been to reflect rebate in our P&L as we purchased product from corresponding vendor. From this point forward rebate will be reflected in our P&L as the product is used, which we believe is a more appropriate recognition policy.  The $948,000 was the necessary one-time charge adjusting to the revised recognition policy, but again, from a cash flow perspective there is no impact, we still expect to receive the same rebate amount over the same period of time.
Brad Ludington - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Okay and then final thing. What did you say; your CapEx was in the third quarter? I have buzzed out on that one.
Mike Magusiak: We said that the CapEx for the first three quarters of this year was $63 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Ruedy - Stephens. 
Greg Ruedy - Stephens Inc: I want to ask you about the birthday business and as we move out of summer months into the school session. Can you just kind of, maybe elaborate for us, how that mix shifts, how much business you lose during the week, because you are back in school, and then what opportunity do you have to drive capacity, if its more of a weekend based business?
Mike Magusiak: Sure. If you look at the rest of this year to seasonal low quarter, so there would be no capacity issues whatsoever from driving birthday sales for rest of this year.
Greg Ruedy - Stephens Inc: But in terms of the birthday mix during the week, how much falls off, as you move out of the summer months?
Mike Magusiak: Yes, I mean its fairly significant. I mean the overwhelming majority of the birthday parties when kinds are in the school, occur on the weekend so its significant.
Chris Morris: But it will be comparable to last year during same seasonal period.
Greg Ruedy - Stephens Inc: Right okay. Getting back to the expansion plan for the next year 25 to 30, how much of that is due to your retail neighbor is going dark and is there anything, and totally may be you can share with us about conversations with the landlords regarding lease rates renewing or securing new leases?
Mike Magusiak: The increase in expansions is primarily attributable to the sales results that weve achieved from expansions over the past three years. As we become more aggressive in expanding our store base, we have really been pleased with the sales and the cash return on investment from expansions. So, if you go back really about 1.5 year ago, we have been very aggressive talking to landlords about expanding next door, and as weve done that as well as expand it free standing units that owned or we lease, that effort is just calumniated that we have an awful a lot of momentum in 2008, and 2009 and we believe that will also carry into 2010. As far as lease rate, we continue to be aggressive on lease renegotiations for both new stores, and expansions. One of the benefits that we have of being so financially strong in paying our bills, and being a great tenant to landlords is our financial strength. So, we are able to negotiate from our perspective favorable lease rents in a soft real estate market.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your final question comes from Margot Murtaugh - Snyder Capital. 
Margot Murtaugh  Snyder Capital: What are the terms of your credit line, is it LIBOR plus some percentage?
Mike Magusiak: Our credit spread based on a leverage ratio of 2:1, our currently spread is 100 basis over LIBIOR
Margot Murtaugh  Snyder Capital: Okay. Any comments on pricing, is there any raising price in your comparable store sales or is it, you dont have pricing flexibility at this point? I know your raised prices a while back.
Mike Magusiak: We did raise a while back at the beginning of 2008, and as a result of those increases, there is approximately a 1.8% increase in prices during the third quarter and will continue to the fourth quarter and then we lap the adversary of that increase in the first quarter of 09.
Margot Murtaugh  Snyder Capital: And some of you talk about the kids movies schedules; what do you foresee in the coming months, anything favorable to your or not?
Mike Magusiak: We really see a neutral movie schedule in the fourth quarter, that there is certainly nothing that alarms us at this point in time.
Margot Murtaugh  Snyder Capital: Okay and could you remind me what percentage of your cost are achieved, do you break that out?
Mike Magusiak: Yes, approximately 20% of our food cost dollars are from cheese.
Margot Murtaugh  Snyder Capital: Of food cost dollars, okay.
Mike Magusiak: Dollars, which is in other words approximately 2% of our sales.
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time.
Mike Magusiak: We appreciate your participating on our conference call. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to call Dick, Chris or myself. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-22 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Mike Magusiak - President Chris Morris - EVP and CFO Dick Frank - Chairman and CEO
Analysts: Robert Derrington - Morgan Keegan Brad Ludington - KeyBanc Capital Markets Barry Stouffer - BB&T Capital Markets Greg Ruedy - Stephens Inc Michael Gallo - CL King and Associates Paul Carpenter - Artis Capital Alex Fodor - Izara Capital Management
Operator: Welcome to CEC Entertainment teleconference call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Tuesday, July 22, 2008. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Mike Magusiak, President. Please go ahead.
Mike Magusiak: Thank you. Welcome to our conference call. I'm Mike Magusiak, President of the company and I'm joined by Dick Frank, our Chairman and CEO, and Chris Morris, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Before we begin today's discussion, I would like to make you aware that some of the information presented today may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied in the forward-looking statements. Information on the company's risk factors was included in our press release and is also included in the company's filings with the SEC.  Additionally, in today's discussion, we may refer to an adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margins and free cash flow figures, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliation of our reported results to such non-GAAP financial measures, please see the earnings release filed earlier today or the Investor Information section of the company's website. The primary objectives for today's call are first, to discuss our financial performance during the second quarter of 2008; second, to summarize the three broad components of our strategic plan to maximize long-term shareholder value, including increased comparable store sales; grow our concept with new units, and return capital to shareholders with a share repurchase plan. Next, Chris will discuss our outlook for the business. And finally, Dick will provide some concluding remarks and then open the lines for a question-and-answer session.  Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Chris Morris, our CFO, who will review our financial performance for the second quarter.
Chris Morris: Thank you, Mike. Good afternoon, everyone. I'd like to start by reviewing comparable store sales performance. During the second quarter, comp store sales grew 5.7%. On a year-to-date basis through the end of Q2, comparable store sales grew 4.5%. We believe this strong performance provides evidence that our sales strategies are working. We are particularly encouraged by the consistency of this strong performance throughout the year. During the first half of 2008, we grew comparable store sales in each of the six fiscal periods. In addition, on a year-to-date basis, each of our five operating regions delivered positive comp store sales, ranging from 2.8% to 6.4%. In a few moments, Mike will share with you our thoughts on the main factors driving our strong sales performance. I will now review the highlights of the second quarter P&L. During the second quarter, total revenues grew 7% to $192.5 million due to positive comp-store sales growth and an increase of four units through our weighted average unit base. Cost of sales as a percent of company store sales increased 10 basis points, from 16.2% to 16.3%. This increase is primarily due to a $0.29 increase in the average price per pound of cheese and a $0.15 increase in the average price per pound of dough. Such increases were partially offset by a 40 basis point reduction in pizza costs, which resulted from the enhanced cheese blend discussed in our last call and a one-half inch reduction in the size of the company's medium and large pizzas.  Labor expenses, as a percent of company store sales, decreased 50 basis points from 28.9% to 28.4%, primarily due to leverage from the strong sales performance. A 3.7% increase in the average hourly wage rate was fully offset by a 3.8% increase in revenue per hourly labor hour. Depreciation and amortization expenses increased from $17.3 million to $18.2 million. As a percent of total company store sales, D&A expense declined 20 basis points. Rent expense increased from $15.8 million to $16.4 million. As a percent of total company store sales, rent expense declined 30 basis points. Other company store operating expenses, as a percent of total company store sales improved 150 business points from 16% to 14.5%, primarily due to leverage on fixed and semi-fixed costs, an $856,000 gain on disposition of an asset, and a 20 basis point reduction in asset write-offs. Advertising expenses, as a percent of total revenues, increased 10 basis points from 4% to 4.1%, related to our enhanced marketing plan. General and administrative expenses, as a percent of revenue, increased 30 basis points from 7% to 7.3%, primarily due to an increase in the company's bonus accrual, associated with the company's strong financial performance for the first half of '08. Interest expense increased from $2.9 million to $4.1 million, representing a 50 basis point increase as a percent of total revenues. This increase is related to an increase in outstanding borrowings from the prior year, partially offset by lower interest rates. Net income for the quarter was $11.3 million, and diluted earnings per share grew 85% from $0.26 in Q2 '07 to $0.48 in Q2 '08. On a year-to-date basis, comp store sales grew 4.5%, store operating margins improved 70 basis points, and diluted EPS grew 46% from $1.22 in '07 to $1.78 in '08. During the first half of the year, the business generated approximately $104 million in operating cash flow. We invested $37 million, primarily in new and existing stores, and used $161 million to repurchase 4.9 million shares of company stock. We ended the quarter with a balance of $394.5 million on the company's revolving credit facility and a balance of $71.4 million on the company's share repurchase authorization. In October '07, we made three important announcements. First, we secured a five-year, $550 million revolving line of credit, which at the time of the announcement increased the company's borrowing capacity by $250 million. Second, the Board of Directors increased the company's share repurchase authorization by $200 million, bringing the remaining balance under the authorization at the time of the announcement to approximately $347 million. And finally, we announced that, after an extensive review of the company's capital structure, we plan to increase our debt position to reflect a debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2 to 1. Since the date of these announcements, we have achieved our targeted leverage ratio of 2 to 1 and used $275 million to repurchase 8.9 million shares at an average price of $30.93, or approximately 29% of the common stock outstanding immediately prior to such repurchases. Our EPS growth of 85% and 46% for the quarter and first half of the year, respectively, demonstrates the shareholder value derived from combining significant share repurchases with strong operating performance. Mike will now update you on strategies to drive shareholder value.
Mike Magusiak: Thanks, Chris. The three broad components of our strategic plan to increase earnings per share and maximize long-term shareholder value are summarized as follows. First, to increase comparable store sales; second, to grow our concept with new company and franchise stores; and third, to return capital to shareholders with a share repurchase plan. The first component of our strategic plan is to increase comparable store sales. Despite a difficult economic marketplace, our comparable store sales have remained very solid, increasing 3.6% in the first quarter, 5.7% in the second quarter, and 4.5% in the first six months of 2008. The first three weeks of the third quarter are at a positive 2.2%. We primarily attribute our first half of the year 4.5% increase in comparable store sales growth to five specific sales initiatives. Because there are a number of initiatives positively impacting sales, we believe that this sales momentum will continue throughout 2008 and position us well for 2009. In addition, this sales momentum is widespread, with each of our five regions producing positive comparable store sales ranging from an increase of 2.8% in the Southeast region to 6.4% in our Midwest region. The primary sales strategies that we believe are positively impacting our performance include the continued execution of a strong capital plan; a refocused strategy of increasing birthday sales; the execution of a comprehensive strategy to increase school fundraising sales; the implementation of a suggestive sales program; and finally, the enhancement of a marketing plan, including moms targeted television advertising and online media. The first initiative to help drive comparable store sales is the continued execution of our capital plan. We continue to believe that our physical assets, including entertainment attractions, are in the best condition in the history of our company, and our capital plan will ensure that we offer our guests the best entertainment product in the marketplace. Last year, we impacted 163 existing stores with capital expenditures totaling approximately $68 million. This year, we intend to spend approximately $52 million on existing store capital expenditures which will impact approximately 160 stores or 35% of our comparable store sales base. The detailed breakdown of our capital plan includes 19 to 21 expansions, 14 to 18 major remodels and 120 to 130 game enhancements.  We continue to believe that our capital expenditure plan not only protects our company's strong cash flow but will also be instrumental in increasing it over the long term. Our next business strategy focuses our efforts on increasing birthday sales. During our last Earnings Call, we stated that we have historically viewed this area as the strength of our business and we have taken aggressive steps to capitalize on this opportunity. We stated that our first quarter birthday sales increased approximately 4%. We believe that this positive birthday sales trend was attributable to our operators aggressively booking birthday reservations, executing our wait system, and our renewed commitment to confirm birthday party reservations which resulted in fewer no-shows.  In addition, we e-mailed birthday invitations with incentives to approximately 2 million kids' parents in our database, four weeks prior to their birthday. During the second quarter, we continued with our previously announced birthday initiatives and implemented a system wide rollout of a significantly improved birthday package and promoted the new birthday party with a national television campaign. Birthday sales have accelerated in the second quarter with comparable store birthday sales increasing 13%, resulting in a year-to-date increase in comparable store birthday sales of 8%.  Our next sales initiative is to increase weekday school fundraising sales. Last year, our fundraising sales totaled approximately $5.6 million, representing 0.7% of total sales. We established a goal of increasing this revenue source by at least 10% in 2008. During the first half of this year, our core stores' fundraising sales increased over 20%. We believe that this increase is attributable to the following; first, our ongoing advertising of school fundraisers, which continue to build guest awareness; second, contacting each fundraising group within one week after an event to rebook. And finally, providing support materials and training to our operators to book fundraising sales.  Our operator sales mentality of booking and hosting weekday school fundraisers continues to accelerate. We've increased year-to-date comparable store fundraising sales over 20% and are very proud that our donations to schools since 2004 exceed $2 million.  Our fourth existing store sales initiative is to develop a suggestive sales culture in our restaurants, focusing on cashiers and birthday hostesses. We implemented a nationwide suggestive sale campaign for six weeks during the first quarter. Our objective was to increase sales of value meals and token value deals, which represents a great value to our guests and also represents a higher guest check. Despite a significant increase in coupon redemptions during the first quarter, our sales trend for value meals and token deals improved.  During the second quarter, we implemented a second nationwide suggestive sales campaign that has continued into the first month of the third quarter. This suggestive sales campaign focuses on birthday sales, including food platters and birthday upgrade packages, birthday cakes and token packages. The primary focus of our nationwide suggestive sales campaign is to train our cashiers and birthday hostesses to suggestively sell targeted menu items that are an excellent value to our guests and result in an increase in our average ticket. Our operators have overwhelmingly endorsed our suggestive sales initiative, and we are dramatically increasing sales of targeted food, birthday and token products.  And finally, our last sales initiative, that we believe has positively impacted comparable store sales, is our enhanced marketing plan. Our advertising expense increased 16% during the first half of the year to $18 million, compared to $15.5 million in the first half of 2007. Our 2008 marketing plan incorporates certain components of prior years' plans, including a strong national media campaign targeting kids and the national distribution of 16 freestanding inserts supported with cross promotion coupons and Internet coupons. This year, we have significantly enhanced our overall media plan by marketing to moms with both television and online media advertising. In addition, we've introduced our 'Where a Kid can be a Kid' slogan and jingle, and we are promoting our new birthday package with television advertising. It's difficult to measure the effectiveness of a marketing plan because it's only one of several factors impacting sales. Nonetheless, it's clear that birthday sales increased in the second quarter with the national advertising campaign, promoting our new birthday package. Comparable store birthday sales accelerated from a 4% increase in the first quarter to a 13% increase in the second quarter. In addition, we believe that targeting moms with both television and online media is helping to contribute to our 4.5% year-to-date comparable store sales increase. The second broad component of our strategic plan is to grow our concept with company and franchise stores. During the next five years, from 2008 to 2012, we project the opening of 30 to 40 company stores and 20 to 30 franchise stores. On the company side, we opened 10 new stores last year, including three relocated stores. We also acquired one franchised store. This year, we currently anticipate opening five to six new company stores. Our controlled growth plan enables us to focus on high quality real estate sites in primarily dense demographic areas, resulting in a high return on investment. The 10 stores that we opened last year are projected to generate average sales volumes in excess of $2 million, compared to the company average annual sales volume of approximately $1.6 million. On the franchise development side of our business, we currently anticipate opening four to five new franchise stores this year, including a store in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates that opened in the second quarter. This franchisee has an existing store in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, the highest sales volume store in our system. The final component of our plan to maximize shareholder value is to execute our share repurchase plan. We've aggressively repurchased our shares during 2007 and the first half of this year and plan to continue with a repurchase plan because of two primary factors. First, we believe that our strategic plan will continue to increase long-term comparable store sales while growing our concept with new stores that produce a high return on investment. We believe the combination of positive comparable store sales and quality new store development will result in increased cash flow and earnings per share. The second reason that we intend to continue with our share repurchase plan is because it's highly accretive to earnings per share, as demonstrated in the second quarter of this year. During 2007 and the first six months of this year, we have repurchased 7,887,000 shares and 4,911,000 shares, respectively. In total, we have repurchased 12,798,000 shares during the past six quarters, which is very significant, compared to 23,608,000 diluted shares outstanding at the end of the second quarter. We've repurchased these shares because we believe our concept is well positioned for future growth based on the strategies we are implementing and because of our strong cash flow. During the past four quarters, adjusted EBITDA totaled $202.8 million. Our share repurchase plan is very accretive to earnings per share. During the first half of this year, our diluted shares outstanding decreased 25.5% from the prior year, fueling growth in diluted earnings per share of 46.3%. Additionally, we expect 2009 diluted earnings per share will benefit from these purchases. Chris will now review our current outlook for the business.
Chris Morris: All right, thanks, Mike. In our last conference call, our outlook for fiscal year 2008 was that diluted EPS would be in a range of $2.33 to $2.40. Based on everything discussed today, we are increasing this guidance $0.24 to $0.25. We are now estimating fiscal year '08 diluted EPS to be in a range of $2.57 to $2.65, reflecting a 32% to 36% growth rate from the prior year, after excluding asset impairment charges from the 2007 fiscal year. In addition, our estimates for Q3 '08 diluted EPS, is in a range of $0.56 to $0.60, and Q4 '08 diluted EPS is in a range of $0.20 to $0.22. Incorporated into this guidance are the following items, comparable store sales growth assumption of approximately 2% to 3% for the second half of fiscal year 2008. This guidance is below our current trend, as comparable store sales are up 4.5% for the first half of '08. While we are encouraged by the results for the first half of the year, we recognize the challenges presented in today's economic environment. Given these challenges, we remain cautious in our near term outlook for sales growth. We hope our assumptions prove conservative, given the strong financial results to date. We're assuming the average price per pound of block cheese will be in a range of $2 to $2.10 for the last six months of '08.  In addition, we have locked in dough costs for the remainder of the year at a price higher than prior year levels. As a result of this outlook for higher commodity prices, we would typically expect cost of sales to increase approximately 40 basis points. However, the enhanced cheese blend and smaller pizzas are expected to benefit cost of sales approximately 50 basis points for a net reduction in cost of sales of approximately 10 basis points for the last six months of the year.  Labor expense as a percent of company store sales is expected to increase 50 to 70 basis points in the last half of 2008, driven primarily by minimum wage increases and favorable adjustment to health insurance reserves occurring in the second half of the prior year. We are targeting five to six new company units and four to five new franchise stores in '08. We are estimating total capital expenditures to be in the range of $80 million to $85 million and we are assuming our effective tax rate will be between 38% to 38.5% for the remainder of the year.  With that, I will now turn the call over to Dick for his concluding comments.
Dick Frank: Thanks, Chris. We are obviously pleased with the strong comparable store sales performance of 5.7% in the second quarter over the same period in the prior year. We believe this momentum speaks directly to the health and vitality of our brand in the marketplace today and is further evidenced by the fact that each of our five regions posted positive same-store sales for the quarter. We are also encouraged by the belief that each of our strategic initiatives are working and adding to our comparable store sales performance. As Mike shared with you, these sales strategies include a capital plan impacting approximately 160 core locations, an aggressive approach to birthday parties, reinforced with national television support; an enhanced focus on school fundraising and suggestive sales programs, all reinforced by a solid marketing plan incorporating a strong multi-media effort targeted at moms.  This strong sales performance resulted in fully diluted earnings per share increasing 85% to from $0.26 in Q2 2007 to $0.48 in Q2 2008. During the first half of the year, the financial strength of the company is evident as the business generated $104 million in operating cash flow, repurchased $161 million of its company stock and achieved its targeted level leverage ratio of debt to adjusted EBITDA of 2 to 1. Our 2008 financial performance of earnings per share growth of 85% for the quarter and 46% for the first half of the year demonstrate the compounding effect of combining significant share repurchases with strong operating performance.  Forecasting earnings for the second half of the year is difficult. We are extremely pleased with the underlying sales momentum achieved in the first half of the year, yet we remain cautious given the current economic environment. Management remains committed to the quality and timely execution of our strategies and we look forward to continuing to update you on our progress.  At this time, Mike, Chris and I will be glad to answer any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from the line of Robert Derrington with Morgan Keegan. Please go ahead sir.
Robert Derrington - Morgan Keegan: Thank you. Dick, Mike, Chris, phenomenal numbers. Congratulations. What I'm curious about, and I'm not sure who to direct this to. When we look at the sales trends, obviously these look like the strongest quarterly results since I think first quarter of 2001. Can you give us some color on why it is that the trend is so strong now? Obviously you laid out a number of things. Dick, it seems as though the business has responded to these sales initiatives unlike anything I've seen in almost a decade.
Dick Frank: Bob, I think we would agree with that. What's really encouraging to us is all of the sales initiatives seem to be working and working in concert with one another. The other thing that I think is also at play is, as you will recall, back in the middle of 2006, we changed our strategic direction a little bit when we slowed down our new unit growth to really focus on the core. I think that, since that time, our operating people have really been able to focus on their specific stores and areas of responsibility. We haven't had the movement from store to store that is required when you are growing your store base 30 stores to 35 stores a year. So, I think that our operators have just done a great job. I think people are well entrenched in their locations and focused on their responsibility, and I think it's all just coming together for us. And we see that in the momentum that we have today in our same-store sales performance.
Robert Derrington - Morgan Keegan: Dick, could you kind of break down the 5.7 for me for a minute? A piece of that is, I think there's a little bit of menu pricing that you took in the first quarter. Plus, you also had platters, plus you also had obviously birthday sales increases. Are any of those especially working beyond the menu pricing?
Dick Frank: I think, too, as Mike said in his comments, I think we believe that all of them are working. The menu pricing, on an annualized basis or in the quarter, is running about 1.8%.
Robert Derrington - Morgan Keegan: Okay.
Dick Frank: So the rest of it is either a result of an increase in average check or increased traffic.
Robert Derrington - Morgan Keegan: Okay. Listen, I will get back in the queue, but again, congrats on terrific numbers.
Operator:
 :
Brad Ludington - KeyBanc Capital Markets: I have to apologize. I got disconnected at the beginning of the call, and when I got back on, it sounded like you were saying there was something like a 40% cut in pizza costs, but I didn't hear what that was attributed to. Did you explain that any further than that?
Chris Morris: This is Chris. I will start off, and I will turn it over to Mike. I was explaining the fluctuation in our cost of sales year-over-year. Basically what I cited is that cost of sales benefited 40 basis points from a reduction in pizza costs related to our enhanced cheese blend, as well as a half-inch reduction in the size of the company's medium and large pizzas.
Brad Ludington - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, that's what I missed, was the half-inch reduction. Okay. Then moving onto the remodels and game enhancements and all of that, what did you say your CapEx number for that was this year, for the 160 stores?
Chris Morris: $52 million.
Brad Ludington - KeyBanc Capital Markets: 52 million?
Chris Morris: Yes.
Brad Ludington - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And beyond that, trying to breakdown same-store sales, is there a number that you can quantify that came from these remodels, game enhancement expansions versus just the more refined marketing program and suggestive selling program?
Chris Morris: Yes, let me take a stab at that and let me just step back for a moment and go through and dissect our comp store sales performance from our perspective. As we cited, in the second quarter, total comp store sales were up 5.7. If we first start with the breakdown between check and traffic and as we've mentioned several times in the past, it can be difficult for us to know with certainty what that breakdown is. It's not as easy for us as it maybe for a casual diner that actually has a dining room and actually counts seat counts and etcetera. But our best estimate is that our average guest check increased 3% in the second quarter and then traffic increased 2.7%. So let's dig into the price increase for a moment for the average guest check increase. We mentioned that our menu price increases were up 1.8%, and we do believe that we've been able to pass-through most if not all of that menu price increase. There are two other items impacting our check in the second quarter, and both of them are directly related to the initiatives that we've implemented this year. First, birthday parties. On birthday parties, we've changed our package around. We used to include a birthday cake in our birthday package. We pulled that cake out, replaced the cake with other items that customers will value perhaps more than the cake. And then, we've trained our operating personnel to up-sell our guests on the cake. And that's just been a big success for us, and it is driving check. Secondly, as Mike mentioned when he was outlining the suggestive sales program, we've introduced food platters across our system, and then we've trained our employees to promote food platters specifically for birthday parties, because we think that product will work really well on birthday parties. That is also driving check. So if we just look at birthday transactions, we are seeing a significant increase in our average guest check. And that's contributing to 0.8% of that 3% that I mentioned earlier, so we have menu prices up 1.8%, birthday transactions are contributing 0.8%, and then just food platters sales for other transactions, transactions other than a birthday party, are growing our check approximately 0.5% at the company level. So those are the three components of check. Then past that, it's just traffic. The traffic growth of 2.7%, we believe that's just a combination of not only capital initiatives but our marketing efforts and all of our other initiatives that we've implemented.
Brad Ludington - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, well, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Derrington with Morgan Keegan. Please go ahead.
Robert Derrington - Morgan Keegan: Back again. Hey Chris, when you ran through the discussion on labor cost earlier, I missed, if you could kind of rehash that. Originally, I think labor costs were expected to be up, was it 70 basis points to 80 basis points?
Chris Morris: That's correct.
Robert Derrington -Morgan Keegan: I mean, is that the guidance still?
Chris Morris: No, the guidance -- for the first six months, we've held the line on labor.
Robert Derrington -Morgan Keegan: Right.
Chris Morris: But the prior year. Then from this point forward for the second half of the year, we are expecting labor expenses to exceed prior year by 50 to 70 basis points for the last half. But you are absolutely right, Bob. Early on in the year, we were expecting more labor pressure this year than what we are actually seeing.
Robert Derrington -Morgan Keegan: Is it principally reflecting the leverage based on the better-than-expected sales?
Chris Morris: That's a big part of it; that's a big part of it, but I also will tell you that labor performance at the store level has been exceptional this year.
Robert Derrington -Morgan Keegan: Interesting. Well, that's great. Obviously, you've got your managers focused on that line. Anything other within the other expense line? The fact that it was down about 150 basis points. Was there a gain somewhere in there, Chris?
Chris Morris: There was; there was a gain of approximately $800,000.
Robert Derrington -Morgan Keegan: Can you give me a little color on that?
Chris Morris: Sure. Back in 2007, we closed our TJ Hartford's store and we took a charge when we closed that store. Fortunately, we actually owned the dirt, so we were able to sell the property for a gain here in the second quarter.
Robert Derrington -Morgan Keegan: Okay, so that credit came through that other operating expense line?
Chris Morris: That's correct.
Robert Derrington -Morgan Keegan: Okay, I got you. Okay, very good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Barry Stouffer with BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Barry Stouffer - BB&T Capital Markets: Good afternoon, gentlemen. What's the current average interest rate on your borrowings?
Chris Morris: It's slightly below 4%, 3.95%. The way that breaks down -- our incremental borrowing rate right now is 3.6%, and then you might have noticed, during the second quarter, we implemented or we executed a $150 million, three-year interest rate swap. We effectively have locked in rates over that three year time period at a 4.6% rate.
Barry Stouffer - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Can you tell us, what percent of sales were birthday parties in the second quarter?
Chris Morris: It's roughly 12%.
Barry Stouffer - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then any comment on why sales trends would be slower so far in the third quarter, anything unusual with respect to weather versus the prior year, or kids movies?
Mike Magusiak: No. You know, it's such a short period of time, if you go back to the last earnings release, the first three weeks of the second quarter were actually slightly negative because of spring breaks. When you look at such a short period of time, there are a lot of things that can impact that, such as the Fourth of July falling on a Friday this year that we know it impacted negatively Friday and Saturday of this year. Last year, it fell on a Wednesday, which is not as heavy a day. But when you look at a three-week period in our business, it can move. I would say that, from my perspective, the best indication of our performance year-to-date is year-to-date through the first six months.
Barry Stouffer - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then can you share what the rationale was for reducing the pizza size for the medium pizza?
Mike Magusiak: Yes. First of all, we are very proud of our pizza product. We use the highest ingredients; we feel great about our product. About a year or so ago, we started testing that in Canada, had unbelievable success in Canada. We made a slight modification to our large and medium pizza; we reduced the large from 15 inches to 14.5, and our medium from 13 to 12.5, and we still used actually the same serving tray because that half an inch is so miniscule and with all of the cost pressures, we made that change and we feel that we are right in line with the marketplace and feel great about our pizza products.
Barry Stouffer - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, thank you. That's all I had.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Greg Ruedy with Stephens Inc.
Greg Ruedy - Stephens Inc: Good afternoon. If my math is right, I have the repurchases in the second quarter at about $36.50 per share. You have room left on your revolver and you've hit your 2-to-1 debt to adjusted EBITDA target. So, how should we think about your appetite for repurchases going forward, and do you revisit sort of the way the capital structure is?
Chris Morris: Greg, this is Chris. The first thing I will tell you is, as you know, we don't comment on when we are going to be in the market and when we are not, what we are thinking about doing with respect to buying back stock. I will also tell you that we are very committed to completing the remaining balance of our share repurchase authorization. When we make a decision to be in the market, we do so based on where the stock price is, relative to our valuation, as well as many other factors. So, we just don't comment when we are going -- what we are planning on doing.
Greg Ruedy - Stephens Inc: Okay. And then with you hitting that 2-to-1 target, any thoughts to take up the amount of leverage?
Mike Magusiak: The 2-to-1 target is, our perspective is, that's more of a longer-term targeted leverage ratio. Long run, we are going to manage the business to debt to EBITDA of around 2-to-1.There may be times where we are slightly above 2-to-1; there may be times where we are slightly below. It all depends on the particular circumstances in front of us. But I think we will continue to repurchase our shares on an opportunistic basis, but I would not look for us to adjust our long-term targeted leverage ratio.
Greg Ruedy - Stephens Inc: Okay. On the couponing, can you quantify the sales mix from coupon redemptions in the quarter?
Chris Morris: What we typically quantify there is the year-over-year increase. And starting last year, we did see a fairly significant increase in our sales mix from coupons. In fact, I believe, in the first quarter, we cited that there was a 5% increase. In the second quarter that started to taper down; the increase was only 3% year-over-year. And we are expecting for the last six months of the year, to be very little difference this year compared to the prior year. And that's simply due to a year ago, the lack in the anniversary of when we started distributing electronic coupons in a fairly meaningful way.
Greg Ruedy - Stephens Inc: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks so much.
Chris Morris: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Gallo with CL King and Associates. Please go ahead.
Michael Gallo - CL King and Associates: Hi, good afternoon and congratulations on another terrific quarter. A question I guess for Mike, Mike I was wondering if you are seeing any quantifiable trade-down benefit, perhaps more families staying locally and doing things with the kids and curtailing longer vacations. Anything anecdotally there that you think you are picking up on the trade-down set?
Mike Magusiak: We've talked about that as a management team, and we may be benefiting from that. What I would tell you, though, is when we look at each of our strategies; we see meaningful sales increases from each of the strategies. So, if I look at year-to-date comparable store sales, the primary driver of that, from my perspective, is the execution of our strategies. Then when you take all of the other factors, gas prices, people maybe staying around. It's my opinion that, if the economy was better, our actual performance would be better. So, it's tough to dig out one specific item, but if I look at the sales the first half of the year, it's primarily driven by our strategies.
Michael Gallo - CL King and Associates: Okay, great. And then just a second question, I want to just dig in again on the remodels. I know for a few quarters, the comp trends on the remodeled units had kind of come back together with some of the non-remodeled units. I was wondering, with such a strong comp this quarter, whether you started to see those remodeled units or that gap start to widen out again.
Mike Magusiak: If you look at expansions, major remodels and game enhancements, we've had strength the entire year. I think that those are attributable to the product in the marketplace. And then we've got great marketing plan advertising to moms on the television and online media. There's no doubt that our capital is helping drive comparable store sales, but the suggestive sales and the birthdays, the media plan is not only driving the capital side of our business, but literally all of the stores in our system.
Michael Gallo - CL King and Associates: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then just a final question, you mentioned, I think in your prepared remarks, that your marketing spend was up 16% in the first half of the year. I think you previously were targeting a 10% increase on a full year. Is that still what you are targeting? That would suggest some flattening out in terms of the year-over-year increase in marketing spend in the second half. Thank you.
Chris Morris: Yes, we continue to look at marketing to drive sales. We've got a good marketing plan in the second half of the year. Our point levels are up about 5%. We continue to advertise, throughout the second half of the year, birthday parties which we know that marketing has driven birthday parties here in the second quarter. 
Michael Gallo - CL King and Associates: Okay, thanks a lot and congratulations again on a terrific quarter.
Chris Morris: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of [Paul Carpenter with Artis Capital]. Please go ahead 
Paul Carpenter - Artis Capital: Thank you. I have a couple of questions. I have what I'll call an income statement question and then a question about the balance sheet. The income statement question, I was wondering if there are any other items like that $800,000 gain and other operating expenses. Because the results I get and you seem to be leading a pretty charmed life in terms of other folks having to face an economic slowdown and falling discretionary consumer spending, higher utility costs, etcetera. That just doesn't seem to be flowing through your income statement at all. You are getting better sales on, frankly, what you expect to be reduced CapEx. This year, you are getting growth for free, somewhat, so I was wondering if you could walk me through if there's anything else in there. Are you facing higher utility costs? And how long do you think that can continue?
Chris Morris: Well, the short answer is no, there are no other unusual items in other operating expenses. I think what you are seeing in the second quarter is what's highlighting. Our comp store sales performance is highlighting the operating leverage in the business and where we tend to get leverage when sales are strong, is in the other operating expense line and that's primarily because the costs in that line are predominantly fixed costs at the store level. So the items, it's simply leverage on those high sales dollars and then it's a gain and then there is a 20 basis point pick-up in asset write-offs.
Paul Carpenter - Artis Capital: Okay. The other reason I asked the question was really based on something you said earlier in the call. You said, you would make your decisions to be in the market purchasing stock based on where the stock price is relative to your valuation, which I assume means what you think is good value repurchasing the stock. Granted, you were under-levered before and the business needs to be levered to some degree to have an efficient capital structure. The question I have for you is, by levering up to buy back stock in the last couple of years, it looks like the management team really sold out of a very large portion of their option holdings, something like I think 60% or so, or maybe more than that. I think you changed the disclosure from year-to-year, so we couldn't see this year how much you had relative to last year, but if I recall, you had something like 5 million or 6 million option shares and then last year management sold on awful lot, getting it down to something in the 2 million. So, how do you reconcile that for a shareholder? How do you reconcile the fact that you saw it prudent to lever up and increase, somewhat the risk of the business but it's really the shareholders who are left with the debt because management has cashed out of a large portion of their stock?
Mike Magusiak: Yeah, those numbers that you are stating are not correct. First of all, if you look at management, we have options that have a five year life and the executives, the vast majority of any options were options that were expiring at the end of this year. So we held those options for about 4.5 years. And then the other thing about, if you look at not only the second quarter but the first half of this year, we produced an awful lot of free cash flow and we buy back our shares to drive long term shareholder value. So, I'm not sure where you're getting your numbers, but if you look to the filings, your 60% is nowhere near accurate. The vast majority of those options were held for over four years, that we're expiring this year.
Paul Carpenter - Artis Capital: I've got the filings in front of me, and I would appreciate just a little more clarity. I'm looking at 2004, '05, '06, 5.6 million, 5.1 million, 5.4 million and then at the end of the year last year, you're down to 2.8 million, which includes [period] outstanding, not just exercisable. So are you only awarded options once every five years? Is that what you are saying? They are not awarded on an ongoing basis?
Mike Magusiak:  Yes, a couple things is both Dick and myself purchased a number of options over the last couple of years and I think your numbers are impacted, I would have to look at specifically what you have in front of you but over.
Paul Carpenter - Artis Capital: It's just the 10-K for both, for last year and this year.
Mike Magusiak: We've been awarded restricted shares, not options. So, what you're seeing is less dilution from options, because those options are expiring and now we've been issuing restricted shares over the last, is it three years, Chris?
Chris Morris: Right, starting in 2006. One comment I will make, just to address a comment you made earlier with respect to leveraging risk in the business, we are very comfortable with our leverage ratio of 2 to1. We don't believe the added leverage as being unnecessary risk, or introducing significant financial risk to the organization and we base that belief on long standing EBITDA margins. Over the last five years, our adjusted EBITDA margins have consistently been in the 25% range. In fact, over the last four quarters, our EBITDA exceeds $200 million. So we feel very comfortable with the amount of debt that we have and we think that, for the reasons you cited earlier, it's a very efficient capital structure, given the strategies that we have laid out over the near term.
Dick Frank: It's a great point, Chris.
Paul Carpenter - Artis Capital: Thank you for answering the questions.
Mike Magusiak: Are there any other questions?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question is from the line of Alex [Ford] with Izara Capital Management. please go ahead.
Alex Fodor - Izara Capital Management: Hi, it's actually Alex Fodor from Izara Capital Management. How are you?
Mike Magusiak: Good, how about yourself?
Alex Fodor - Izara Capital Management: Good, thanks. Congratulations on the performance, great comps, 5.7% seems pretty, I guess unique in this environment. I was curious, regarding the birthday parties, you've thrown out a bunch of different numbers. What was it as a percent of sales this quarter? I missed that.
Chris Morris: Sales from transactions involving a birthday party represent approximately 12% of total revenues.
Alex Fodor - Izara Capital Management: Okay, and what was of a year ago?
Chris Morris: Well, what we've said is comp store sales performance, comp store birthday sales have increased 8%.
Alex Fodor - Izara Capital Management: That's the year-to-date, right? I thought it was up 13% for this quarter.
Mike Magusiak: That's exactly correct.
Chris Morris: Yes, year-to-date. 
Alex Fodor - Izara Capital Management:  Okay. So I guess what I'm trying to ask you is the second quarter of last year as a percentage of your total sales, what were birthday party transactions?
Chris Morris: Approximately 11%.
Alex Fodor - Izara Capital Management: 11%? Okay, great. Thanks.
Mike Magusiak: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brad Ludington with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Brad Ludington - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Just, I came back to confirm that I got one thing right. On the same-store sales for the first three weeks of the third quarter, you did say 2.2%, not 3.2%, correct?
Mike Magusiak: That's correct.
Brad Ludington - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thank you very much. 
Mike Magusiak: You're welcome.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) I show that there are no further questions at this time. Please continue.
Mike Magusiak: We appreciate your time and support. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to contact Dick, Chris or myself. Thank you. Good-bye. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-23 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael H. Magusiak - President and Director Christopher D. Morris - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Richard M. Frank - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Robert Derrington - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc. Michael Gallo - C.L. King & Associates, Inc. Barry Stouffer - BB&T Capital Markets Greg Ruedy - Stephens Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the CEC Entertainment teleconference. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to our host, President of CEC Entertainment, Mr. Mike Magusiak. Please go ahead. 
Michael H. Magusiak: Welcome to our conference call. I am Mike Magusiak and I am joined by Dick Frank, our Chairman and CEO, and Chris Morris, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin todays discussion, I would like to make you aware that some of the information presented today may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied in the forward-looking statements.  Information on the companys risk factors was included in our press release and is also included in the companys filings with the SEC. Additionally, in todays discussion we may refer to adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margins, and free cash flow figures, all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of our reported results to such non-GAAP measures, please see the earnings release filed earlier today or the investor information section of the companys website.  The primary objectives for todays call are first to discuss our financial performance during the first quarter of 2008; second, to summarize the three broad components of our strategic plan to maximize long-term shareholder value, including increased comparable store sales, grow our concept with new units, and return capital to shareholders with a share repurchase plan. Next, Chris will discuss our outlook for the business and finally, Dick will provide concluding remarks and then open the lines for a question-and-answer session. 
Christopher D. Morris: Thank you, Mike. Good afternoon, everyone. Total revenues grew 5.3% to $245.2 million due to an increase of approximately six stores in our weighted average store count and a 3.6% increase in comparable store sales. Comparable store sales growth by period was 1.8% in period one, 4% in period two, and 4.9% in period three. As expected, the timing of Easter and school spring breaks benefited period three and has negatively affected period four, as more spring breaks were scheduled to fall in the month of March this year as compared to April in the prior year. Comparable store sales for the first three weeks of period four have been up 2.8% in week one, down 11% in week two, due to the timing of spring breaks occurring the week following Easter in the prior year, and up 4.2% in week three. While the second week in period four was down, the first three weeks of April have performed better than expected, given the previously mentioned calendar mismatch. Therefore, because of this calendar shift, we believe the best indicator of our current sales trend is comparable store sales on a year-to-date basis through the first three weeks of period four, which are up 2.6%.  Cost of sale as a percent of company store sales increased 10 basis points from 15.5% to 15.6%. This increase is primarily due to higher cheese prices during the quarter. The average price paid per pound of cheese increased approximately $0.50 from the prior year. This increase was partially offset by a 1.1% increase in menu prices and a reduction in cheese usage associated with the implementation of a reformulated and enhanced cheese product.  Labor expenses as a percent of company store sales increased 30 basis points from 25.2% to 25.5%, primarily due to a 5.1% increase in average wage rates for hourly employees.  Depreciation and amortization expenses increased from $16.9 million to $18.5 million, representing a 30 basis point increase as a percent of company store sales.  Rent expense increased from $15.9 million to $16.5 million, representing a 10 basis point improvement as a percent of company store sales.  Other company store operating expenses as a percent of company store sales improved 30 basis points from 12.8% to 12.5%, primarily due to a 30 basis point decrease in insurance expense as the company continues benefiting from favorable trends in workers compensation and general liability claims.  As expected, advertising expenses as a percent of total revenues increased 50 basis points from 3.6% to 4.1%, related to our enhanced marketing plan, which we discussed in our last conference call. General and administrative expenses as a percent of revenue decreased 30 basis points, from 5.7% to 5.4%, primarily due to leverage from a higher revenue base.  Interest expense increased from $2.8 million to $3.8 million, representing a 40 basis point increase as a percent of total revenues. This increase is related to an increase in outstanding borrowings from the prior year, partially offset by lower interest rates.  Bottom line, we reported net income for the quarter of $32.9 million. Diluted earnings per share grew 33% from $0.95 in Q1 of 07 to $1.26 in Q1 of 08.  During the quarter, the business generated $81.5 million in operating cash flow. We invested $18.1 million in new and existing stores and used $58.6 million to repurchase 10.1 million shares of company stock, representing approximately 8% of weighted average diluted shares outstanding at the end of the quarter.  We ended the quarter with a balance of $310.4 million on the companys $550 million revolving credit facility, and a balance of $173.6 million on the share repurchase authorization. The company remains committed to completing the share repurchase authorization and achieving its targeted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2-to-1 in a timely manner subject to market conditions.  Mike will now update you on strategies to drive shareholder value. 
Michael H. Magusiak: Thanks, Chris. First on the balance sheet, Chris stated that we repurchased 8% of our diluted shares outstanding. That is correct and we repurchased a total of 2.1 million shares outstanding. Thank you. So the 8% is correct.  The three broad components of our strategic plan to maximize long-term shareholder value are summarized as follows: first, to increase comparable store sales; second, to grow our concept with new company and franchise stores; and third, to return capital to shareholders with a share repurchase plan.  The first component of our strategic plan of maximizing long-term shareholder value is increasing comparable store sales. Despite a difficult economic market, we had relatively strong comparable store sales momentum in the first quarter and early stages of the second quarter, considering spring breaks. Our sales momentum is widespread with each of our five regions producing positive comparable store sales year-to-date through week 16. We believe that this sales momentum is attributable to the quality execution of our previously communicated sales strategies, coupled with several new initiatives implemented during the first quarter of 2008. These sales strategies include the continued execution of a strong capital plan, a refocused strategy of increasing birthday sales, the execution of a comprehensive strategy to increase fundraising sales, the implementation of a suggestive sales program, and finally an enhancement of a marketing campaign including moms targeted television advertising and online media.  The first initiative to increase comparable store sales is the continued execution of our capital plan. We continue to believe that our physical assets, including entertainment attractions, are in the best condition in the history of our company and our capital plan will ensure that we offer our guests the best entertainment in the marketplace.  Last year, we impacted 163 existing stores with capital expenditures totaling approximately $68 million. This year we intend to spend approximately $54 million on existing store capital expenditures that will impact approximately 167 stores, or 37% of our comparable store sales base. The detailed breakdown of our capital plan includes 18 to 22 expansions, 20 to 24 major remodels, and 120 to 130 game enhancements.  We continue to believe that our capital expenditure plan not only protects our companys strong cash flow but it will also be instrumental in increasing it over the long-term.  Our next business strategy focused our efforts on increasing birthday sales. Given that we have historically viewed this are as the strength of our business, we have taken aggressive steps to capitalize on this opportunity. Our results have been dramatic with first quarter comparable birthday sales increasing 4.3%. We believe that this recent positive birthday sales trend is attributable to our operators aggressively booking birthday reservations, executing our wait system, and our concentrated efforts to confirm birthday party reservations, which results in fewer no-shows.  In addition, we are e-mailing birthday invitations with incentives to approximately 2 million kids parents in our database four weeks prior to their birthday. We intend to build on this birthday sales momentum with our next phase of increasing birthday sales being the system wide rollout of a significantly improved birthday package in the second quarter of this year. We have extensively tested this improved package and will promote our new birthday party with a national television campaign.  Our next sales initiative is to increase weekday school fundraising sales. Last year our fundraising sales totaled approximately $5.6 million, representing 0.7% of total sales. We established a goal of increasing this revenue source by at least 10% in 2008.  During the first quarter, our core stores fundraising sales increased approximately 17%. We believe this increase is attributable to the following: first, our ongoing advertising of school fundraisers, which continues to build guest awareness; second, the utilization of dedicated call center staff members to promote fundraisers; third, contacting each fundraiser group within one week after an event to rebook; and finally, providing support materials and training to our operators to book fundraising sales.  We are very proud that our donations to schools since 2004 now exceed $2 million.  Our fourth existing store sales initiative is to develop a suggestive sales culture in our restaurants, focusing on cashiers and birthday hostesses. We implemented a nationwide suggestive sales campaign for six weeks during the first quarter. Our objective was to increase sales of value meals and token value deals, which represents a great value to our guests but also results in a higher guest check.  Despite a significant increase in coupon redemptions during the first quarter, our sales trend for value meals and token deals improved. We plan on implementing another nationwide suggestive sales campaign in June of this year and more importantly, we are focused on training our cashiers and birthday hostesses to suggestively sell targeted menu items that are an excellent value to our guests and that we believe will increase our average ticket.  Food platters, including buffalo wings, sandwiches, vegetables, mozzarella sticks, will be rolled out to all company locations in May of this year and are one of our targeted items as birthday parties that we intend to suggestively sell.  And finally, our last sales initiative that is very important and we believe positively impacted first quarter comparable store sales is our enhanced marketing plan. Our marketing plan in 2008 is projected to cost approximately $34 million compared to $31 million in 2007. This plan incorporates and for the first time in the companys history includes an online component as part of a multimedia approach communicating to moms.  The multimedia effort includes television and online media targeted at moms and is further supported by our traditional freestanding insert program. Our overall television media plan combining both our kids and moms buy is projected to deliver in the first quarter an increase of approximately 10% more impressions than a year ago.  Total advertising expenditures in the first quarter of this year increased to $10.1 million compared to $18.4 million in the first quarter of last year. We continue to believe that targeting both kids and moms with national television advertising supported with online advertising targeting moms, along with a strong couponing program will build long-term sales.  The second broad component of our strategic plan is to grow our concept with company and franchise stores. During the next five years from 2008 to 2012, we project the opening of 30 to 40 company stores and 20 to 30 franchise stores.  First on the company side, we opened 10 new stores last year including three relocated stores. We also acquired one franchise store. This year we currently anticipate opening five to six new company stores.  Our controlled growth plan enables us to focus on high quality real estate sites in primarily dense demographic areas, resulting in a high return on investment. The 10 stores that we opened last year are projected to generate average sales volume in excess of $2 million compared to company average annual sales volume of approximately $1.6 million.  In 2007, we offered the rights to develop approximately 40 domestic franchise locations in current franchise markets and in smaller markets that the company was not planning on developing within the next few years. Since this offering, we have already sold and collected development fees for an additional 13 domestic franchise locations.  At the end of the first quarter, franchisees own the rights to develop a total of 20 stores domestically and internationally. We are on track to achieve our goal of opening 20 to 30 new franchise locations within the next five years. We anticipate that franchisees will open five to six stores this year, including one in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates. This franchisee has an existing store in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, the highest sales volume store in our system. The final component of our plan to maximize shareholder value is to execute our share repurchase plan. We have aggressively repurchased our shares during 2007 and the first quarter of this year and plan to continue with our repurchase plan because of two primary factors.  First, we believe that our strategic plan will increase long-term comparable store sales while growing our concept with high sales and return on investment at new stores. We believe the combination of positive comparable store sales and quality new store development will result in increased cash flow and earnings per share.  The second reason that we intend to continue with our share repurchase plan is because it is highly accretive to earnings per share as demonstrated in the first quarter of this year. Last year we repurchased 7,887,337 shares, which represented approximately 25% of weighted average diluted shares outstanding at year-end 2007.  During the first quarter of this year, we repurchased 2,127,137 shares, which represented approximately 8% of weighted average diluted shares outstanding at the end of the first quarter. We have $173.6 million remaining on previously authorized share repurchases approved by our board of directors and have significant flexibility on our $550 million line of credit with borrowings totaling $315 million at the close of business yesterday.  Chris will now review with you our current outlook on our business. 
Christopher D. Morris: Thank you, Mike. Based on everything discussed today, our estimate for 2008 diluted EPS is a range of $2.33 to $2.40, reflecting a 19% to 23% growth rate from the prior year, after excluding asset impairment charges from the 2007 fiscal year.  In addition, our estimate for Q2 2008 diluted EPS is a range of $0.29 to $0.33. Incorporated into this guidance are the following items: a comparable store sales growth assumption of 1% to 2% for fiscal year 2008. As stated earlier, year-to-date through the first three weeks of period four, comparable store sales are up 2.6%.  We believe this strong sales performance during the early part of the year provides evidence that our strategies are working. As a result of this performance and our confidence in our strategies and our brand, over the long run we remain optimistic about comparable store sales growth. However, we also recognize the challenges present in todays consumer environment.  Given these challenges, we remain cautious in our near-term outlook for sales growth. We hope our assumptions prove conservative, given the strong financial results to date.  We are assuming cheese prices continue to trade at levels higher than the prior year. Based on our review of estimates from a number of different sources, we are currently assuming the block price for cheese will average $1.85 per pound in 2008, compared to an average of $1.75 in 2007.  Currently they USDA is forecasting the average price per pound of cheese to be $1.75 in 2008. Our estimate is a dime higher than this forecast as current prices are at historical highs. Labor expenses are expected to continue adding pressure to store level margins, driven primarily by minimum wage increases. We are currently estimating labor as a percent of sales to increase 70 to 90 basis points in 08 compared to 07.  We are targeting five to six new company units and five to six new franchise stores in 2008.  We are currently estimating total capital expenditures to be in the range of $80 million to $85 million.  We are assuming free cash flow will be used for share repurchases throughout the fiscal year and we are assuming an effective tax rate of 38% for the remainder of this year.  With that, I will now turn the call over to Dick for his concluding comments. 
Richard M. Frank: Thanks, Chris. We are pleased with the results of the first quarter, particularly in light of the current difficult economic environment. Our comparable store sales for the first quarter of 3.6%, in year-to-date through the first 16 weeks of 2.6%, were achieved with each of our five regions posting positive same-store sales. We believe this solid sales performance is evidence of the strength of our brand and the quality execution of our sales strategies  As Mike shared with you, these sales strategies include a capital plan impacting approximately 167 core locations in 2008, an aggressive approach to birthday parties, an enhanced focus on school fundraising and suggestive sales programs at the location level, all reinforced by a solid marketing plan that incorporates a strong, multimedia effort targeted at moms.  Diluted earnings per share for the quarter increased 33% to $1.26 per share over the same period in 2007. Despite the fact that the first quarter is historically our best quarter, we believe the financial strength of the company is evident as we were able to fund $18 million of capital expenditures, utilize $59 million to repurchase 2.1 million shares of company stock, and still reduce our line of credit by $6.4 million.  During the quarter, we were pleased to announce the addition of retired four star general Tommy Franks to our board of directors. We believe General Franks experience of managing operations and developing strategy will be invaluable to our board and company.  As we continue to enhance the Chuck E. Cheese brand, both domestically and around the globe, General Franks international background and relationships will complement our efforts to grow our business and increase shareholder value. As we look to the balance of 2008, we are excited about our sales momentum yet are also somewhat cautious, given the economic environment. Management remains committed to implementing and executing our strategies in a quality and timely manner and we look forward to updating you on our progress.  At this time, Mike, Chris, and I will be glad to answer any questions you may have. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well begin todays question with a question from Robert Derrington representing Morgan, Keegan.
Robert Derrington - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: Thank you. Eye-popping numbers -- congrats, guys. Ive got to ask the question and I guess Ill direct it to you, Mike, if you could help us; you know, obviously this -- you know, the weather thing, we are constantly asked how much of the business is affected by that. But youve got so many positive things going at the restaurant level, is there any way to separate out the impact of the business between all those things?
Michael H. Magusiak: Its very hard, Bob. You know, if we go back to our last conference call, we thought that weather may have somewhat favorably impacted comparable store sales. After that earnings release, there was a few weekends that we believed that it probably hurt some of our sales.  With that being said, net net it may have helped the first quarter but as we look back on the year now through 16 weeks, we really believe that the execution of our strategies and the new sales strategies that weve shared with you both last conference call and this conference call is what is really driving comparable stores sales. 
Robert Derrington - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: Sure. Mike, as you look forward, do we essentially have all of the calendar mismatch with Easter and spring breaks, are those essentially behind us after these first three weeks?
Michael H. Magusiak: Yes, we believe that they are, Bob. 
Robert Derrington - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: Okay, and then Chris, there are a couple of statistics that were mentioned that may have gotten wrong and one of those was talking about the advertising spend year over year. And Mike, you may have mentioned it. I think you mentioned 10% more impressions in the first quarter versus last year, but I got the dollar amount incorrect. I think you mentioned the company spent $10.1 million on advertising this year and what was it last year?
Michael H. Magusiak: You know, I misspoke, Bob. We need to work on our presentation skills. Weve been working more on sales. But the correct dollars -- Chris, do you have it there? Yeah, this year we spent $10.1 million compared to 8.4. I misspoke on last years. 
Robert Derrington - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: I thought there may have been an extra digit in there. Okay. 
Michael H. Magusiak: Thats exactly right. 
Robert Derrington - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: And Chris, you mentioned you were -- when you were talking about cost of sales, the fact that cheese was up as much as it was yet cost of sales looked relatively flat year over year, Chris, you mentioned there were a couple of factors that came into play there. Could you repeat those? I didnt get all those. 
Christopher D. Morris: No problem, Bob. The two factors, first and foremost the weighted average menu price increase in the first quarter was 1.1%. The second item was a result of a company initiative where essentially its a reformulated and enhanced cheese product. Mike, do you want to elaborate on that?
Robert Derrington - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: Yeah, what does that mean?
Michael H. Magusiak: I sure will, Chris. Joe Elliott, our Vice President of Research and Development, has worked with our cheese supplier, Leprino, for about a year now and we extensively tested a high moisture mozzarella cheese. We did this in several markets across the United States and we believe that this cheese provides our guests with a cheesier taste. This Mozzarella product spreads better than our previous cheese and has enabled us to modify the cheese portion on certain of our topped pizzas.  We are very proud of our cheese product. Joe has maintained the highest quality, integrity, and we feel great about our pizza product. We compare it to our competitors from both a quality and a portion size, and so that modification too what we believe is a better cheese product has helped from a cost standpoint. 
Robert Derrington - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: Okay, all right. And then one last thing, if I may, on the promotion -- I guess I should say the suggestive selling program in the June period. I think you talked about supporting platters. How is it -- is it essentially when a customer wants to book a birthday, it will also be suggested to them that they buy a platter or -- and what do those retail at?
Michael H. Magusiak: A couple of things there, Bob, is platters are going to be part of it but we are also suggestive selling some other high value, high ticket items at both the counter and the birthday parties.  As far as the platters are concerned, what we are doing is for every birthday party, the parents sometimes have a difficult time ordering for other parents and other guests and so forth, and so we still offer pizza as a food for the birthday party guests but the platters are really a very good food product that enables a birthday mom or birthday dad to offer other guests a variety of food. So the primary sales is at the birthday party and what weve experienced really on a broad scale basis that those platters are being well-received with our birthday parties.  But thats not going to be the only item that we are going to suggestively sell at our June suggestive sales contest and we are not going to get into all of the details on that, Bob, just for competitive purposes. But I think the overall emphasis is we believe we have a significant opportunity to suggestive sell in our stores. 
Robert Derrington - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: Well, the troops certainly seem fired up. Great job, guys. Thank you. 
Operator: Next we will go to the line of Michael Gallo with C.L. King. 
Michael Gallo - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Good afternoon and congratulations on a very nice quarter. Two questions; first question for Chris, I was wondering with LIBOR rates where theyve come down to, whether youve made any progress towards looking to fix the rate on the credit facility. And then I have one other follow-up.
Christopher D. Morris: At this point in time, we have not executed an interest rate swap but it is still something that we intend to do this year. I do believe it will be a priority for us in the second quarter, so at this point in time we believe three months from now that we will have a certain percentage of our debt fixed. 
Michael Gallo - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Okay, perfect. And then just second question, sort of a follow-up, I guess, on some of the questions around the birthday initiatives. I was wondering what you are seeing in the trends. I know you had been focused on reducing no shows and cancellations and things like that. Have you been able to really move the needle significantly on that through some of the e-mail confirmations? And if so, are you able to quantify what kind of increased birthday business you are seeing?
Michael H. Magusiak: The best quantification is if you look at the first quarter, comparable birthday stores sales increased 4.3% and we think that that is a factor associated with us really reconfirming birthday parties, aggressively running waits on the weekends, and also opening up our parameters to book more birthday parties on the weekend. So its a function of all three of those initiatives, and then the best indication that the birthday sales are up over 4% on a comparable basis. 
Michael Gallo - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Okay, thats great. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: We will go to Barry Stouffers line with BB&T Capital Markets. 
Barry Stouffer - BB&T Capital Markets: Just two questions -- what is the current effective interest rate on your credit line?
Christopher D. Morris: Right now the outstanding LIBOR loans we have are at 3.8%, so we pay 100 basis points over LIBOR. 
Barry Stouffer - BB&T Capital Markets: And that would have compared to what a year ago?
Christopher D. Morris: A year ago the weighted average interest rate in this quarter last year was just a little over 6%. 
Barry Stouffer - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, and you mentioned a menu price increase in the quarter of over 1%. Can you comment at all on what the change in average check was during the quarter?
Christopher D. Morris: We have not commented on that. Heres what I can tell you is number one, its difficult of us to know with a high degree of precision exactly what our traffic trend is and what our average guest check is, and we do the best job that we can to estimate it. We look at a number of different sales trends.  The few things that we do know for sure is we know that our weighted average menu price increase during the quarter was up 1.1%. We know that. We also know that the company has continued to distribute coupons at a higher rate this year compared to the same period in the prior year and thats just simply, just given the consumer environment, we think its important to promote the value of the Chuck E. Cheese experience.  When we look at sales dollars attributable to coupons, this year -- or Q1 of 08 compared to Q1 of 07, weve seen an increase in sales mix of around 5%, so theres been a fairly significant increase in coupons. So we believe that our average guest check, while it benefited from the menu price increase, we believe that to a large degree, the increase in coupons have partially offset the increase in menu prices.  So we havent disclosed the actual average guest check and in terms of year-over-year change, our best guess when we consider all things, we think that the change in our average ticket year over year is somewhere between flat to slightly less than 1%. 
Barry Stouffer - BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will go to Greg Ruedys line with Stephens Inc.
Greg Ruedy - Stephens Inc.: Good afternoon. Mike, I think in the past you discussed the same-store sales lift youd get in the first year from major remodels and expansions. Can you kind of go ahead and revisit that and tell us what you are seeing from some of the most recent capital investment?
Michael H. Magusiak: Id be happy to comment on sales from stores impacted from capital. We have not released actual sales or remodels or game enhancements or expansions. They are included in our comparable store sales base.  What I would tell you, for every component of our capital plan, whether it be expansions, game enhancements, or major remodels, the sales lift that we are getting from the stores that we remodeled last year are significantly outpacing our comparable store sales. And we are not disclosing on an asset by asset basis from a standpoint that we are basically impacting about a third of the stores a year, and we think that the best guidance is really off of comparable store sales.  But what I would tell you is our capital initiatives we see as a major reason for our positive comparable store sales and when you have really what we believe is a superior product out in the marketplace, we think that our marketing expenditures actually work a lot more as weve got a great product in the marketplace. 
Greg Ruedy - Stephens Inc.: Okay. Shifting to the advertising spend, 20% growth on an absolute basis -- what did you learn in the first quarter in terms of where you are getting the most bang for your buck from the impressions and how much leverage can you get on that marketing spend going forward this year? Thanks. 
Michael H. Magusiak: Its always difficult to segment the marketing, you know, whether it is targeted at kids or moms or online media. But we believe that the strategy that Dick Huston and his team have put together is really another one of the key factors that is driving sales. The kids love Chuck E. Cheese and weve got three strong messages that we are communicating with mom is a great reason for a mom to take their sons or daughters to Chuck E. Cheese.  So to separate that out and which is working better or not, thats really impossible. But when we look at our comparable store sales in this environment, we believe that that marketing plan is really one of the key factors that is driving sales. 
Greg Ruedy - Stephens Inc.: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Gentlemen, there are no other questions at this time. 
Michael H. Magusiak: We appreciate your questions and if you have any additional questions, please feel free to call Dick, Chris, or myself. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-22 16:30:00) =====
Executives:  Michael H. Magusiak  President & Director Christopher Morris  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Richard M. Frank  Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer 
Analysts:  Robert Derrington  Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.  Michael Gallo  C. L. King & Associates, Inc. Margo Murtaugh  Synder Capital Management  Bill Baldwin  Baldwin Anthony Securities Mike Christodoulou  Inwood Capital 
Operator:  Welcome to your CEC Entertainment teleconference. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode and later we will conduct a question and answer sessions and well give instructions at that time. (Operators Instructions) And as a reminder the conference is being recorded. So wed like to turn the conference over to our host Mr. Mike Magusiak. Please go ahead. 
Michael H. Magusiak:  Welcome to our conference call Im Mike Magusiak President of the company and Im joined by Dick Frank our Chairman and CEO and Chris Morris our Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin todays discussion Id like to make you aware that some of the information presented today may contain forward-looking statements that involves risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied in the forward-looking statements. Information on the companys risk factors was included in our press release and is also included in the companys filings with the SEC. Additionally, in todays discussion we will refer to adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow figures both of which are non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliation of our reported results as such non-GAAP measures please see the investors information section of the companys website.  The primary objectives for todays call are first to discuss our financial performance during 2007. Second, to summarize our key strategies to increase long term sales, earnings per share and shareholder value. Third, Chris will discuss our outlook for the business and finally Dick will summarize our presentation and we will then conclude the conference call with a question and answer session. Chris will you please review our financial performance last year. 
Christopher D. Morris :  Good afternoon everyone. Before I begin a review of the numbers I would like to call your attention to a change in our income statements presentation. We have moved from a single step formant to a multi-step format. We believe this new presentation will provide investors with more information to analyze our business and understand financial trends. We included a table in todays earnings release showing our financial result for each fiscal quarter in 2007 and 2006 to assist you with a transition to this new format. I would now like to review fourth quarter financial performance. Total revenue was $175.1 million in both Q4 07 and Q4 06. An increase of nine units in our weighted average unit base was offset by 2.7 % decline in comparable store sales. Cost of sales which primarily includes the cost of food, beverage, prizes and merchandise increased 160 basis points from 15.2% to 16.8%. This increase is primarily due to a $0.70 per pound increase in cheese prices in Q4 07 compared to the same period in the prior year, a beverage rebate received in the prior year benefiting Q4 06 by approximately 50 basis points and other miscellaneous increases.  Labor expenses increased 180 basis points from 27.2% to 29% in Q4 07 primarily due to a 5.4% increase in average wage rates for hourly employees coupled with soft sales during the quarter. Depreciation and amortization expenses increased from $16.7 million to $18.8 million representing 120 basis point increase as a percent of revenue. Rent expense increased from $15.2 million to $15.9 million representing a 40 basis point increase as a percent of revenue. Other company store operating expenses as a percent of revenue was 14.4% in both Q4 07 and the same period in the prior year as deleveraging effects associated with negatively comparable store sales and increased insurance expenses were offset by reduction in pre-opening expenses and store level asset write offs. Advertising expenses as a percent of total revenue increased 30 basis points from 3.7% to 4%. General and administrative expenses as a percent of revenue was down 30 basis points from 8.3% in Q4 06 to 8% in Q4 07 primarily due to a decrease in corporate bonus expense which was partially offset by increases in several miscellaneous line items against a flat revenue base.  In the fourth quarter 2007 the company recognized an $8.4 million asset impairment charge relating to four Chuck E. Cheeses units and TJ Hartfords which has been closed. Interest expense increased from $2.7 million in Q4 06 to $4.4 million in Q4 07 representing 100 basis point increase as a percent of revenues. This increase is primarily related to an increase in outstanding borrowings on the company revolving line of credit used primarily to fund the companys share repurchase program. The fourth quarter effective tax rate was negatively effected by certain tax related adjustments as well as lower than normal pre-tax income primarily resulting from asset impairment charges and a low seasonal quarter. Bottom line we reported a net loss for the fourth quarter of $564,000 which represented a diluted per share of $0.02. On a fiscal year basis revenue increases 1.7% to $785.3 million due to an increase 11 units in the weighted average unit base which was partially offset by a decline in comparable store sales of 1.4%. Fiscal year 2007 net income and diluted earnings per share were $55.9 million and $1.76 respectively. Excluding non-recurring asset impairment charges fiscal year 2007 net income and diluted earnings per share would have been $61.8 million and $1.95 respectively.  Our financial position remains healthy and the business continues to generate significant cash flow. During fiscal year 2007 the business generated $163 million in operating cash flow. We invested $109 million in new and existing stores and used $248 million to repurchase company stock while increasing outstanding borrowings on the revolving credit facility to $316.8 million at the end of 07.  In our last conference call we made three important announcements. First, the company secured a new $550 million revolving line of credit which increased the companys borrowing capacity by $250 million. Second, the board of directors increased the company share repurchase authorization by $200 million bringing the total outstanding authorization at that time to approximately $347 million and finally the company stated a plan to increases debt position to reflect a debt adjusted EBITDA ratio of two to one. Since the date of these announcements on October 23rd, the company has used $114.6 million to repurchase 4 million shares at an average price of $28.68 increasing outstanding borrowings on the companys credit facility to $316.8 million. This debt balance plus outstanding letters of credit and capital lease obligations reflect a debt to adjusted EBITDA ration as 1.7 to 1 as of December 30, 2007. The share repurchase authorization currently stands at $232 million representing approximately 35% of our current market capitalization . At this point in time the company continues to expect it will achieve its targeted leverage ratio and complete the share repurchase authorization within the next three years. The companys incremental borrowing rate on the $550 million credit facility is currently 100 basis points over LIBOR with the 30 day LIBOR currently at 310, 3.1%. Mike will now update you on strategies to drive shareholder value. 
Michael H. Magusiak:  The three broad components of our strategic plan to maximize long term shareholder value is summarized as follows: first to increase comparable store sales; second to grow our concept with company and franchise stores; and third to return capital to shareholders with a share repurchase plan. The first component of our strategic plan of maximizing long term shareholder value is increasing comparable store sales. Although its very early in the year with only seven weeks of sells history, year-to-date comparable store sales have increased 2.5%. I believe that this sales trend reflects our new and improved sales initiatives introduced during the later part of 2007 and first quarter 2008. Although we are encouraged by this early sales performance wed caution you that this is over a short period of time and these results may have been positively impacted by weather.  These sales initiatives include an enhanced marketing plan which includes television and internet ads targeting moms, a strong capital plan and enhanced and refocused birthday sales initiatives, a plan to increase school fundraiser sales and an in-store suggestive sales campaign. Our enhanced marketing plan in 2008 is projected to cost approximately $34 million compared to $31 million in 2007. This plan incorporates for the first time in the companys history includes an online component as part of a multi-media approach communicating to moms. This multi-media effort includes television and online media targeting against moms and is further supported by our traditional free standing insert program. Our overall television media plan combining both our kids and moms by will deliver an increase of 7% more impressions than the year ago. Although its difficult to quantify the impact of our enhanced marketing plan over the first seven weeks of 2008 we believe its positively impacting our sales performance.  The next initiative to increase comparable store sales is a very strong capital plan. We intend on spending approximately $54 million on existing store capital expenditures which will impact approximately 167 stores or 37% of our comparable store sales base. The detailed breakdown of our capital plan includes 18 to 22 expansions, 20 to 24 major remodels and 120 to 130 game enhancements. We believe that our physical assets including entertainment attractions are in the best condition in the history of our company and our capital plan will insure that we offer our guests the best entertainment product in the marketplace. An important component of our capital expenditure plan is to expand the size of a significant number of our facilities when possible. Last year we expanded 19 stores by an average of 2580 square feet. These 19 expansions in addition to the 18 to 22 stores that we intend to expand this year represent 8 to 9% of our core stores which is significant considering that the average sales increase attributable to expansions during the past two years is a sales increase greater than 15%. We continue to believe that our capital plan protects and increases our companys strong cash flow.  Our next strategy of increasing sales is our refocused efforts on driving birthday sales. Over the past few years our birthday sales have declined. Given that we have historically viewed this area as strength of our business we have taken aggressive steps to capitalize on this opportunity. Year-to-date 2008 birthday sales have turned positive and we intend to build on this momentum. We believe that this recent positive sales trend is attributable to our operators aggressively booking birthday reservations and executing our weight system and secondarily to our concentrated efforts to confirm birthday party reservations which results in fewer no shows. In addition, we are emailing birthday invitations with incentives to approximately 2 million kids parents in our data base four weeks prior to their birthday. Our next phase of increasing birthday sales is a system wide roll out of a significantly improved birthday package in the second quarter of this year. We have extensively tested this improved package and will promote our new birthday party with a national television campaign. Food platters for adults are a component of the new birthday package which will be implemented company wide by May of this year. Were currently selling food platters including buffalo wings, sandwiches, vegetables and mozzarella stick s in 216 stores. Food platter sales currently represent approximately 1% of sales in participating stores.  Next weve refined our plan to increase school fund raising sales. Last year our fund raising sales totaled approximately $5.6 million representing seven tenths of a percent of total sales. Weve established a goal of increasing this revenue source by at least 10% in 2008. Our tactical strategies include adding call center staff to book fundraisers, contacting each fundraiser group within one week of an event to rebook and third providing support materials to our operators to assist them in booking fundraisers. Were very proud that our donations to schools since 2004 have now exceeded $2 million.  And finally our last sales initiative is a nationwide store suggestive sales campaign that we implemented the first week of February. Our objective is to increase sales of value meals and token value deals which represent a great value to our guests and typically results in a higher guest check. During the early stages of this campaign we have significantly improved the sales mix trend of value meals and token deals and even more importantly invigorated our cast members with the opportunity to win prizes.  The second broad component of our strategic plan is to grow our concept with new stores. Weve refined our growth strategy and currently project opening 30 to 40 company stores and 20 to 30 franchise stores during the next five years from 2008 through 2012. First on the company side we opened 10 stores last year including three relocated stores. We also acquired one franchise store in Tallahassee, Florida. This year we currently anticipate opening six to Seven new company stores. Our controlled growth plan established enables us to focus on high quality real estate sites in primarily dense demographic areas generating a high return on investments. We anticipate that the 10 stores that we opened last year and the six to seven stores that we open this year will produce an average sales volume of approximately $2 million. This compares to company stores average annual sales of approximately $1.6 million. During the second half of 2007 we provided our existing franchises with the opportunity to develop additional stores in their current franchise markets and in select smaller markets that the company was not planning on developing within the next five years. We are currently selling the rights to approximately 40 domestic franchise locations. The company has already sold the rights and collected cash for the development of 13 stores of which four are expected to open in 2008.  The final component of our plan to maximize shareholder value is to execute our share repurchase plan. Last year we repurchased 7,887,000 shares and we currently have an additional 232 million of stock repurchases that the board has authorized. Our borrowings at the close of business yesterday on our $550 million line of credit totals $289 million. We anticipate that we will increase our debt position to reflect a debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of two times. This buyback is highly accretive to earnings per share but most important is our belief and our plan to increase long term comparable store sales and grow our concepts with high quality new stores that produce a high return on investment. Chris will now review with you our plans for future share repurchases and our current outlook for business. 
Christopher D. Morris:  During our last conference call on October 23, 2007 we provided diluted earnings per share guidance in a range of $2.10 to $2.20. We are currently estimating 2008 diluted EPS to be in a range from $2.15 to $2.25 reflecting the growth rate of 10 to 15% excluding asset impairment charges from fiscal year 2007 EPS. Incorporated into this guidance are the following items: comparable store sales growth of flat to up 1% for the year. As Mike stated for the first seven weeks of 08 comparable stores sales are up 2.5%. While we are encouraged with this current positive trend we continue to be cautious in our outlook for 2008 given the current macroenviroment. While very difficult to predict were currently assuming the market block price for cheese will be in a range of $1.70 to $1.80 per pound in 2008 compared to $1.75 average in 2007.  Labor expenses are expected to add pressure to store level margins driven primarily by minimum wage increases. Were currently estimating labor as a percent of sales to increase 70 to 90 basis points in 08 compared to 07. Were targeting six to seven new company units in 2008 and four franchise stores. Were currently estimating total capital expenditures to be in a range of $80 to $85 million. Were assuming free cash flow is used for share repurchases throughout the fiscal year. And finally were assuming the effective tax rate of 38% for fiscal year 08. For first quarter of 2008 were estimating diluted EPS to be in a range of $1.10 to $1.15 representing an EPS growth rate of 16% to 21% over the first quarter of 2007. Dick will now provide concluding remarks. 
Richard M. Frank:  2008 is off to a solid start with comparable store sales increasing 2.5% in the first seven weeks of the year. This is particularly encouraging when considering that comparable store sales were positive 2.7% of the first seven weeks of 2007 as compared to the same period in the prior year. We believe we have a solid sales plan for the year and view this early sales performance of 2008 as reinforcing our strategy. As Chris shared with you our earnings guidance for the year incorporates comparable store sales of flat to positive 1%. This may prove to be conservative given our sales performance to date but we recognize that seven weeks of performance is a short period of time and that sales during this period may have been positively impacted by weather. Management remains committed to executing all of our strategies in a quality and timely manner and we will continue to update you relative to our progress. At this time Mike, Chris and I will be glad to answer any questions you may have. 
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions) We do have a question from the line of Robert Derrington. Please go ahead. 
Robert Derrington  Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc. :  The same store sales trend especially here in this first quarter this looks really encouraging. Mike, can you give us some kind of perspective on how any kind of gut feeling how weather has influenced that? You know was January stronger than the February trend?
Michael H. Magusiak:  Ill try to give you a perspective on that Bob. I think first of all weve really seen very solid sales through both January and February and whenever you look over such a short period of time, seven weeks, you know the sales can move but January was up 1.7% and February through three weeks is up 3.6% so weve really seen solid sales throughout the year to get to the 2.5%. And what I would tell you is that there wasnt one weekend that we looked at last year that was really hit by a wet winter storm. Weve had a good sales result last year but I think just there has been a lot of rain and its difficult to quantify but you know were sitting here through seven weeks and the sales results are significantly better than what we anticipated and we think that weather may have been a factor in producing those sales results. But then when you get into each of the components whether its the birthday parties, the suggestive sales, the fundraisers, were seeing some very positive items from the various components of our strategies so its just difficult to quantify what weather may have helped us. 
Robert Derrington  Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc. : Sure thats understandable and then I guess one other piece to it Mike, last year in March, I think you had three weeks where the business fell off dramatically. I think there was concern that the timing in shift of school break holidays, didnt you have three weeks where comps were down like 15% or, was that the number?
Michael H. Magusiak:  Yes we did have March did drop off and we were hit with some weather last March that negatively impacted us. You know its just hard to know with the winter storms on the weekends but as Dick stated the first seven weeks of last year comps were solid. They were up almost 3% in the first seven weeks that were going against so far.
Robert Derrington  Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc. : Gotcha and how much menu pricing are in the numbers Mike? 
Michael H. Magusiak:  Very little. We have year-to-date 1 to 3/10 of a percent, very minor change in menu prices on a year-to-date basis.
Robert Derrington  Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc. : Is that 1.3%?
Michael H. Magusiak:  No .1% to 3%. We took a slight menu price change latter part of January and so year-to-date its not a factor at all.
Robert Derrington  Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc. : Gotcha, okay. And again Im not sure who to direct this to you know you obviously changed in accounting in the format of your financial statement presentation, can you help us understand what was it that drive that process? You know to kind of understand. 
Christopher D. Morris:  The process we went through is we wanted to provide the best information to investors and the approach that weve used historically has been a single step approach which really just simply shows total revenues including things such as interest income in the tope line and then just you know several large items on the expense side and then pre-tax income. And so just in an effort to improve the quality of our communications with investment community we really wanted to revise the format of our P&L and give investors more detailed information that would allow them to understand our business trends, benchmark our company against others in the restaurant industry or maybe in the entertainment industry and be able to show things like total store level costs, operating income. You know those are the things that were going to be disclosing now that we havent in the past and then we also wanted to show a little bit more detailed information on the store operating cost side for instance for breaking out rent expenses as a separate line item and that will assist investors benchmark our unit level margins against others and put us on an apples-to-apples basis by adding back in rent for other companys that may have more pieces of property than what we have. 
Robert Derrington  Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc. : Sure that makes sense. Can you help me just use one quarter as an example, for example last year in the third quarter you sited in your P&L, G&A of approximately $25.3 million and this year weve got advertising and G&A which together add up to about $20 million so theres about a $5 million reclassification. Could you, where did that $5 million go?
Christopher D. Morris:  It primarily went into other operating costs. Our SG&A line item used to be the combination of three things, advertising, corporate over head costs and then certain store level operating costs and so now G&A just simply reflects corporate overhead and those store level operating costs are including in the store operating cost section.
Operator:  Thank you. And next we have a question from the line of Michael Gallo with C.L. King. Please go ahead. 
Michael Gallo  C. L. King & Associates, Inc.:  Two questions if I may, first I guess as you look into March this year versus last year I was wondering if you see anything unusual in terms of how the spring break calendar lines up this year versus last year and also as you start to look further out into the summer months what are you seeing on the kids movie calendar side? It would seem that at least from what weve seen so far that it looks like this year that there arent nearly as many big kids movie releases as there were in 2007. 
Michael H. Magusiak:  In 2008 Easter will fall in the fourth week of our third period so Easter is going to fall in the first quarter this year. In 2007 Easter fell in the second quarter. What weve learned over the past few years is that schools typically schedule spring breaks around the time of Easter. Weve also been able to compile some data from some research thats done soliciting information from schools. Based on our analysis it appears to us that there will be more spring breaks that occur in the first quarter of 08 versus the first quarter of 07 so that should provide a benefit to Q1 but of course in Q2 that will offset. So over the course of a 12 month period it really evens itself out. 
Christopher D. Morris:  As far as the movie trends what were hearing in in you know were not experts on the movies but what were hearing is there actually, were expecting fewer movies this year than last year. One of the surprising things that when we look just again over a short period of time this year is that if you look through January movies were $83 million versus $84 million the prior January so theyre is essentially flat. The first two weeks in February on movies have really increased quite a bit from $21 million to about $66 million and the big increase there was from the Hannah Montana concert tour movie. Now thats only over a two week period but overall what were hearing is that the movies we actually anticipate at last years levels or below last years levels. 
Operator:  (Operators Instructions) Okay and we do have a few questions in the queue first from the line of Margo Murtaugh with Snyder Capital. Please go ahead. 
Margo Murtaugh  Synder Capital Management : A couple of questions. You said is your net debt is $316 million or is that your debt less cash or can you?
Michael H. Magusiak:  That would be $317 million represents the outstanding borrowings on our line of credit.
Margo Murtaugh  Synder Capital Management : Okay, what kind of short term debt do you have then besides that?
Christopher D. Morris:  The only other capital lease obligations which total right around $12 million and then of course when we look at our adjusted leverage ratio were also adding in outstanding letters of credit which are also another $12 million. So total of debt you should add $25 million to that $317.
Margo Murtaugh  Synder Capital Management : Okay great. Is there any cash at all?
Christopher D. Morris:  Cash balance at the end of the year is right around $18 million. 
Margo Murtaugh  Synder Capital Management : Okay now in your estimate for this year did you assume share buy back in your estimate of $2.15 to $2.25? You know proportionately you said you get done over three years so did you assume in your estimate something about share buy backs?
Christopher D. Morris:  We did. We assumed that the free cash flow that we generate in 2008 will be used to repurchase shares.
Margo Murtaugh  Synder Capital Management : Okay and what are your ending shares outstanding, your average shares are 28.2 but what are the ending shares in the quarter?
Christopher D. Morris:  The actual share count?
Margo Murtaugh  Synder Capital Management : Yes. 
Christopher D. Morris:  Give me a minute I can get that for you. I dont have that with me. 
Margo Vertock  Snyder Capital: Okay. 
Christopher D. Morris :  If you want to call me after the call.
Margo Murtaugh  Synder Capital Management : Sure and D&A should be about $76 million or so. Do you think?
Christopher D. Morris:  Yes I think thats a good estimate.
Margo Vertock  Snyder Capital: Okay and again in your outlook for 2008 you talked about labor cost being higher. Are there any offsetting factors, cost factors that will help margins in 2008? In broad terms.
Christopher D. Morris:  In broad terms, the first thing that comes to my mind is that we have taken a slight menu price increase Mike just mentioned here at the end of January. Once that fully rolls in thats going to be about a point and a half so that 1.5% increase in menu prices will certainly offset some of the labor pressure from an operational stand point. Mike do you want to?
Michael H. Magusiak:  Yes I by far the biggest think Margo is sales. We believe that even though there are cost pressure today that if were successful of increasing comparable store sales 1% and highly confident that if there around 2% increase that we can start improving our margins. So number one thing that you can see that were focusing on is the comparable store sales line and you know if were successful with achieving 2% or more comparable store sales we would anticipate that our margins would improve.
Margo Murtaugh  Synder Capital Management : Okay and you referred to making some improvements in your birthday business. Can you refresh my memory as to what percentage of sales it is now? And whether you have a goal and why its fallen behind your expectations do you think?
Michael H. Magusiak:  Our birthday sales roughly represent about 12% of sales and what we, the success that weve had so far this year is just a refocused effort on opening up our birthday parameters, working the wait on the weekends from both walk-in to birthday parties and then also making a very concentrated effort to confirm birthday reservations and when you reduce the number of no shows youre able to rebook those parties on the weekend in a busy first quarter. And so I think thats what weve done so far. As far as our improved birthday party, we have not been discussing the very specifics components of the birthday party other than the fact that we really believe that were upping the recognition of kids, birthday kids and so we have reworked our birthday party fairly significantly and then we are planning on promoting that with a national advertising TV campaign. 
Operator:  Thank you and our next question is from the line of Bill Baldwin with Baldwin Anthony Securities. Please go ahead. 
Bill Baldwin  Baldwin Anthony Securities:  Mike you mentioned three or four initiatives on increase in the same store sales and I picked up on all of them but I couldnt understand what you were saying or trying to describe. What I believe you said suggestive or suggestive types of promotions. I didnt pick up on your terminology there. Is this ringing a bell with you to what Im trying to refer to?
Michael H. Magusiak:  It sure is Bill. What we are doing is one of the best values that we can give our guests is our token deals and the value meals on the package of food a large pizza, drinks and tokens package together. Its a great value to our guests and we are running a contest, its a nationwide contest that is promoting the sale of our higher ticket items that provide our guests with the better value and it also increases our average ticket price. That cast is only now were in our fourth week but what were seeing is a significant trend and increase in the token deals and value meals and so what we believe we will achieve with that is a higher ticket price by up selling a very good value to our guests. 
Bill Baldwin  Baldwin Anthony Securities: And is this all done Mike with in store type initiatives. I mean theres not anything, are you sending out e-mails or inserts on this or is this all done once the customer comes to the store and then the person behind the counter attempts to do what youre talking about here?
Michael H. Magusiak:  Thats exactly how its working. We made a very concentrated effort, we sat down with out regional vice presidents, our district managers, our general managers and the stores are incentives, the winners of the contest will be the stores that increase value meals and token value deals by the greatest percentage. So weve laid that out to our operators and it has really energized our stores because they have an opportunity to win prizes and from our perspective we think that it will increase our average ticket price. 
Bill Baldwin  Baldwin Anthony Securities: Now when you say its in the fourth week of a test does that mean youre doing it just in certain stores right now?
Michael H. Magusiak: I will correct myself there; its in the fourth week of the program it is already in every one of our company stores.
Bill Baldwin  Baldwin Anthony Securities: Its in all the stores? Okay. 
Michael H. Magusiak:  Thats correct. 
Bill Baldwin  Baldwin Anthony Securities: Mike is there a time frame on how long this program will run like this?
Michael H. Magusiak:  Yes what were attempting to do is that were running it for eight weeks, were going to reevaluate it and then if this is successful we would intend to potentially do that in other areas of our business to drive sales. Just for competitive reasons were not announcing that yet but weve some very specific thoughts on how we might be able to use this suggestive sales program later in the year. 
Bill Baldwin  Baldwin Anthony Securities: To focus on other products within the store?
Michael H. Magusiak:  Thats exactly right. 
Bill Baldwin  Baldwin Anthony Securities: Lastly Mike do you all benefit at all here in the early part of the year from gift certificates that might have been sold during the holiday season that are getting cashed in now in January and February? Does that have any impact on your business?
Michael H. Magusiak:  It potentially could Bill. I read that a lot in a lot of the retailers. I dont believe that its material but there could be some of that.
Bill Baldwin  Baldwin Anthony Securities: Okay but probably not a significant impact on the numbers were seeing here?
Michael H. Magusiak:  Thats right. Our belief is that the primary areas are the areas that we shared with you. 
Operator:  And we have a question from the line of Mike Christodolu with Inwood Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mike Christodoulou  Inwood Capital:  Ive got a few questions regarding the change in presentation format in the highlighting of your store operating profit I have to imagine that its really helping in potentially selling some of these franchise operations and I was wondering if you could talk a bit about that and if theres a time frame for selling out these 40 smaller market locations? 
Michael H. Magusiak:  Yes Mike Ill tell you on our franchise community has really wanted to develop for a number of years and just by the mere fact that you know we shared with you weve started it and weve already sold 13 stores, four of which we anticipate opening this year. The franchisees have really wanted to develop stores and what we looked at was we looked at the total United States and the potential stores that we could develop and the stores that we did not anticipate developing within the next five years, we felt that we had an opportunity to collect franchise fees and ongoing royalties and contributions to our national advertising plan. So I think its just another stream of revenue that we will recognize over the next five years. So I dont think that the format of the P&L will change that in our UFOC we have already provided them with information that shows sales volumes and cash flow and so forth and the franchisees now that the cash flow that their getting from there existing stores. I think the P&L format is a better format; its more transparent to our business. I think Chris and his team have done a real good job with that format but it really wasnt tied to the franchise sales.
Mike Christodoulou  Inwood Capital: Okay. I agree it is a good format. Also are there any additional, do you foresee any additional overhead costs for needing to bulk up your franchises operation? Or do you pretty much have the ability to sell 40 or more franchises with the people you have in place?
Michael H. Magusiak:  On domestic franchises we see very minimal cost there.
Mike Christodoulou  Inwood Capital: Okay and on your bank line I was wondering if you were thinking at all about swapping any of that to fixed given that LIBOR has fallen 200 basis points? In the last several months. 
Christopher D. Morris:  Right Michael and yes we are. Thats a project that were going to be focused on as soon as we get our 10K filed.
Mike Christodoulou  Inwood Capital: Okay. Whens the filing of the K?
Christopher D. Morris :  February 28th is the date its due.
Mike Christodoulou  Inwood Capital: Okay. Very good. And a question on the SSI advertising portion of your component of your advertising per plan, my understanding is that price war between [inaudible] and News America is more vicious than ever and I didnt know if you were seeing, you mentioned you were going to be in touch with more eyeballs basically, but I didnt know if you were seeing those rate reductions in your SSI purchased or if you were going to maybe bundling with those two providers because they also do a lot of direct mail and I hear theres some real good deals to be had between an SSI and a direct package?
Michael H. Magusiak:  Thats a very good point and we will negotiate the best prices we can get off of all our SSIs and coupons, but thats a very good point Mike. 
Mike Christodoulou  Inwood Capital:  Very good well gentleman keep up the good work and I think the [inaudible] its going to be worth closer to a billion than the $640 million that you currently have a market cap of. So good luck. 
Operator9:  Thank you and we do have a follow up question from the line of Robert Derrington with Morgan Keegan. Go ahead. 
Robert Derrington  Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc. :  Chris can you, what is the within your guidance for this year what do you have factored in as your borrowing cost currently?
Christopher D. Morris:  Its somewhere between 4% and 5% Bob.
Robert Derrington  Morgan Keegan: Okay. Alright. And then looking at your P&L presentation you know you previously used to provide us with a breakdown in revenue between food and beverage gains and merchandise mix etcetera. Is that not going to be provided anymore or whats the thought there? 
Christopher Morris:  Yes. We will not be providing that breakdown going forward well just simply be showing total store revenue and the thinking there is that we dont manage our business based on two discreet segments. We manage it based on the total so we just wanted our P&L to reflect the way that we view our business.  
Operator:  Thank you and there are no other questions on the phone line. 
Michael H. Magusiak:  We appreciate your questions and if you would have any additional questions please feel free to call Chris, Dick or myself. Thanks a lot. Bye. 
Operator:  Thank you and ladies and gentlemen that does conclude your conference for today. Thanks for your participation and you may now disconnect.
